Additionally, customers could seek damages from us for their losses and shipments of defective products may harm our reputation with our customers. We
have experienced ﬁeld failures of our semiconductors in certain customer applications that required us to institute additional testing. As a result of these ﬁeld
failures, we have incurred warranty costs due to customers returning potentially affected products and have experienced reductions in revenues due to delays
in production. Our customers have also experienced delays in receiving product shipments from us that resulted in the loss of revenue and proﬁts.
Additionally, shipments of defective products could cause us to lose customers or to incur signiﬁcant replacement costs, either of which would harm our
reputation and our business. Any defects, errors or bugs could also interrupt or delay sales of our new products to our customers, which would adversely affect
our ﬁnancial results.
The development of new products is extremely complex and we may be unable to develop our new products in a timely manner which could result in a
failure to obtain new design wins and/or maintain our current revenue levels.
In addition to the inherent difﬁculty of designing complex integrated circuits, product development delays may result from:
0 difﬁculties in hiring and retaining necessary technical personnel;
0 difﬁculties in reallocating engineering resources and overcoming resource limitations;
° difﬁculties with contract manufacturers;
0 changes to product speciﬁcations and customer requirements;
0 changes to market or competitive product requirements; and
- unanticipated engineering complexities.
If we are not successful in the timely development of new products, we may fail to obtain new design wins and our ﬁnancial results will be adversely affected.
Intense competition in our markets may reduce sales of our products, reduce our market share, decrease our gross profit and result in large losses.
We compete with specialized and diversiﬁed electronics and semiconductor companies that offer display processors or scaling components including:
Actions Microelectronics Co., Ltd., ARM Holdings PLC, Dolby Laboratories, Inc., i—Chips Technologies Inc., Lattice Semiconductor Corporation, MediaTek
Inc., Novatech Co., Ltd. Inc., NVIDIA Corporation, QUALCOMM Incorporated, Realtek Semiconductor Corp., Renesas Electronics America, Sigma Designs,
Inc., Solomon Systech (International) Ltd., STMicroelectronics N.V., Sunplus Technology Co., Ltd., Texas Instruments Incorporated, and other companies.
Potential and current competitors may include diversiﬁed semiconductor manufacturers and the semiconductor divisions or afﬁliates of some of our
customers, including: LG Electronics, Inc., Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd., MegaChips Corporation, Mitsubishi Digital Electronics America, Inc.,
NEC Corporation, Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., Socionext, Inc., ON Semiconductor Corporation, Seiko Epson Corporation, Sharp Electronics Corporation,
Sony Corporation, and Toshiba America, Inc. In addition, start-up companies may seek to compete in our markets.
Many of our competitors have longer operating histories and greater resources to support development and marketing efforts than we do. Some of our
competitors operate their own fabrication facilities. These competitors may be able to react more quickly and devote more resources to efforts that compete
directly with our own. Additionally, any consolidation in the semiconductor industry may impact our competitive position. Our current or potential
customers have developed, and may continue to develop, their own proprietary technologies and become our competitors. Increased competition from both
competitors and our customers’ internal development efforts could harm our business, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations by, for example,
increasing pressure on our proﬁt margin or causing us to lose sales opportunities. For example, frame rate conversion technology similar to that used in our
line of MotionEngine® advanced video co—processors continues to be integrated into the SoC and display timing controller products of our competitors. We
cannot assure you that we can compete successfully against current or potential competitors.
20