The Company's process for determining its ESP for deliverables without VSOE or T PE considers multiple factors that may vary depending upon the unique
facts and circumstances related to each deliverable. The key factors considered by the Company in developing the ESPs include the nature and complexity of
the licensed technologies, our cost to provide the deliverables, the availability of substitute technologies in the marketplace and the Company's historical
pricing practices. We then recognize revenue for each unit of accounting depending on the nature of the deliverable(s) comprising the unit of accounting in
accordance with the revenue recognition criteria mentioned above.
Fees under these agreements generally include (a) license fees relating to our IP, (b) engineering services, and (c) support services. Historically, each of these
elements have standalone value and therefore each are treated as separate units of accounting. Any future licensing arrangements will be analyzed based on
the speciﬁc facts and circumstances which may be different than our historical licensing arrangements.
For deliverables related to licenses of our technology that involve signiﬁcant engineering services, we recognize revenue in accordance with the provisions
of the proportional performance method. We determine costs associated with engineering services using actual labor dollars incurred and estimated other
direct or incremental costs allocated based on the percentage of time the engineer(s) spent on the project. These costs are deferred until revenue recognition
criteria have been met, at which time they are reclassiﬁed as cost of revenue.
Warranty Program
We warrant that our products will be free from defects in material and workmanship for a period of twelve months from delivery. Warranty repairs are
guaranteed for the remainder of the original warranty period. Our warranty is limited to repairing or replacing products, or refunding the purchase price. At the
end of each reporting period, we estimate a reserve for warranty returns based on historical experience and knowledge of any applicable events or
transactions. The reserve for warranty returns is included in accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets.
Stock-Based Compensation
We currently sponsor a stock incentive plan that allows for issuance of employee stock options and restricted stock awards, including restricted stock units.
We also have an employee stock purchase plan for all eligible employees. The fair value of share-based payment awards is expensed straight-line over the
requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period, for the entire award. Additionally, any modiﬁcation of an award that increases its fair value
will require us to recognize additional expense.
The fair value of our stock option grants and purchase rights under our employee stock purchase plan are estimated as of the grant date using the Black-
Scholes option pricing model which is aﬁ‘ected by our estimates of the risk free interest rate, our expected dividend yield, expected term and the expected
share price volatility of our common shares over the expected term. The fair value of our restricted stock awards are based on the market value of our stock on
the date of grant, adjusted for the effect of estimated forfeitures.
Research and Development
Costs associated with research and development activities are expensed as incurred, except for items with alternate future uses which are capitalized and
depreciated over their estimated useful lives.
On occasion, we enter into co—development arrangements with current or prospective integrated circuit ("IC") customers to defray a portion of the research
and development expenses we expect to incur in connection with our development of an IC product. As amounts become due and payable without recourse
under co-development agreements, they are offset against research and development expense up to the amount of related costs incurred.
Income Taxes
We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method. This approach requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the
expected ﬁlture tax consequences of temporary differences between ﬁnancial statement carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected
to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the
enactment date. We establish a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets if it is "more likely than not" that a portion or all of the asset will not be
realized in ﬁlture tax returns.
50