Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Pixelworks, Inc.:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Pixelworks, Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2016 and 2015,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, shareholders’ equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the years in the three-year period
ended December 31, 2016. These consolidated ﬁnancial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated ﬁnancial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ﬁnancial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the ﬁnancial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and signiﬁcant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall ﬁnancial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated ﬁnancial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the ﬁnancial position of Pixelworks, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash ﬂows for each of the years in the three-year period ended
December 31, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company’s internal control
over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and our report dated March 8, 2017 expressed an unqualiﬁed opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting.
/s/ KPMG LLP
Portland, Oregon
March 8, 2017
42