PIXELWORKS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATENIENTS
(In thousands, except share and per share data)
NOTE 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION
Nature of Business
Pixelworks designs, develops and markets video processing semiconductors, intellectual property cores, software and custom ASIC solutions for high-quality
energy efﬁcient digital video applications. Our products enable our customers to deliver the highest energy efﬁcient video quality on their devices. Our core
video display processing technology intelligently processes video signals from a variety of sources and optimizes the image for the viewer. The rapid growth
in video—capable consumption devices, especially mobile, has increased the demand for video display processing technology in recent years. Our
technologies can be applied to a wide range of devices from large-screen projectors to low power mobile tablets and smartphones. Our products are
architected and optimized for power, cost, bandwidth, and overall system performance, according to the application requirements. Our primary target markets
include digital projection systems, tablets, and smartphones.
As of December 31, 2016, we had an intellectual property portfolio of 148 patents related to the visual display of digital image data. We focus our research
and development efforts on developing video algorithms that improve quality, and architectures that reduce system power, cost, bandwidth and increase
overall system performance and device ﬁlnctionality. We seek to expand our technology portfolio through internal development and co—development with
business partners, and we continually evaluate acquisition opportunities and other ways to leverage our technology into other high-value markets.
Pixelworks was founded in 1997 and is incorporated under the laws of the state of Oregon.
Our consolidated ﬁnancial statements include the accounts of Pixelworks and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions have
been eliminated. All foreign subsidiaries use the US. dollar as the ﬁlnctional currency, and as a result, transaction gains and losses are included in the
consolidated statements of operations. Transaction losses were $153, $125 and $159 for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of consolidated ﬁnancial statements in conformity with US. generally accepted accounting principles ("US GAAP") requires us to make
estimates and judgments that affect amounts reported in the ﬁnancial statements and accompanying notes. Our signiﬁcant estimates and judgments include
those related to revenue recognition, product returns, warranty obligations, bad debts, inventories, property and equipment, impairment of long-lived assets,
valuation of share-based payments, income taxes, litigation and other contingencies. The actual results experienced could differ materially from our
estimates.
NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Cash and Cash Equivalents
We classify all cash and highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase as cash and cash equivalents. Cash
equivalents, which consist of US. denominated money market ﬁlnds totaled $17,960 and $25,343 as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Accounts Receivable
Accounts receivable are recorded at invoiced amount and do not bear interest when recorded or accrue interest when past due. We maintain an allowance for
doubtful accounts for estimated losses that may result from the inability of our customers to make required payments. At the end of each reporting period, we
estimate the allowance for doubtﬁll accounts based on an account-by-account risk analysis of outstanding receivable balances. The determination to write-off
speciﬁc accounts receivable balances is made based on the likelihood of collection and past due status. Past due status is based on invoice date and terms
speciﬁc to each customer.
Inventories
Inventories consist of ﬁnished goods and work-in-process, and are stated at the lower of standard cost (which approximates actual cost on a ﬁrst—in, ﬁrst-out
basis) or market (net realizable value).
48