Revenue attributable to our top ﬁve end customers together represented 82%, 83% and 60% of revenue in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. End customers
include customers who purchase directly from us as well as customers who purchase products indirectly through distributors. Sales to Seiko Epson
Corporation represented more than 10% of revenue in each of 20 1 6, 2015 and 2014, and accounted for more than 10% of accounts receivable as of
December 31, 2016 and 2015. Sales to Hitachi Ltd. represented more than 10% of revenue in 2015 and 2014. Sales to NEC Corporation represented more
than 10% of revenue in 2014. No other end customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue in 2016, 2015 or 2014.
Seasonality
Our business is subject to seasonality related to the markets we serve and the location of our customers. We have historically experienced higher revenue
from the digital projector market in the third quarter of the year, and lower revenue in the ﬁrst quarter of the year, as our Japanese customers reduce
inventories in anticipation of their March 31 ﬁscal year end.
Geographic Distribution of Sales
Sales outside the US. accounted for approximately 100%, 100% and 94% of revenue in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Financial information regarding our domestic and foreign operations is presented in "Note 10: Segment Information" in Part H, Item 8 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K
Backlog
Our sales are made pursuant to customer purchase orders for delivery of standard products. The volume of product actually purchased by our customers, as
well as shipment schedules, are subject to frequent revisions that reﬂect changes in both the customers’ needs and product availability. With the exception of
recent end-of-life orders, our entire order backlog is cancelable, with a portion subject to cancellation fees. In light of industry practice and our own
experience, we do not believe that backlog as of any particular date is indicative of ﬁiture results.
Competition
The semiconductor industry is intensely competitive. Further, the markets for higher performance display and projection devices, including the markets for
mobile devices, digital projectors and other applications demanding high quality video, are characterized by rapid technological change, evolving industry
standards, compressed product life cycles and declining average selling prices. We believe the principal competitive factors in our markets include product
performance, time to market, cost, functional versatility provided by software, customer relationships and reputation, patented innovative designs, levels of
product integration, compliance with industry standards and system design cost. We believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors.
Our current products face competition from specialized display controller developers and in-house display controller ICs designed by our customers and
potential customers. Additionally, new alternative display processing technologies and industry standards may emerge that compete with technologies we
offer.
We also compete with specialized and diversiﬁed electronics and semiconductor companies that offer display processors or scaling components including:
Actions Microelectronics Co., Ltd., ARM Holdings PLC, Dolby Laboratories, Inc., i—Chips Technologies Inc., Lattice Semiconductor Corporation, MediaTek
Inc., Novatech Co., Ltd. Inc., NVIDIA Corporation, QUALCOMM Incorporated, Realtek Semiconductor Corp., Renesas Electronics America, Sigma Designs,
Inc., Solomon Systech (International) Ltd., STMicroelectronics N.V., Sunplus Technology Co., Ltd., Texas Instruments Incorporated, and other companies.
Potential and current competitors may include diversiﬁed semiconductor manufacturers and the semiconductor divisions or afﬁliates of some of our
customers, including: LG Electronics, Inc., Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd., MegaChips Corporation, Mitsubishi Digital Electronics America, Inc.,
NEC Corporation, Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., Socionext, Inc., ON Semiconductor Corporation, Seiko Epson Corporation, Sharp Electronics Corporation,
Sony Corporation, and Toshiba America, Inc. In addition, start-up companies may seek to compete in our markets.
9