Our international operations expose us to risks resulting from the ﬂuctuations of foreign currencies.
We are exposed to risks resulting from the ﬂuctuations of foreign currencies, primarily those of Japan, Taiwan, Korea and the PRC. We sell our products to
OEMs that incorporate our products into other products that they sell outside of the US. While sales of our products to OEMs are denominated in US.
dollars, the products sold by OEMs are denominated in foreign currencies. Accordingly, any strengthening of the US. dollar against these foreign currencies
will increase the foreign currency price equivalent of our products, which could lead to a change in the competitive nature of these products in the
marketplace. This, in turn, could lead to a reduction in revenue.
In addition, a portion of our operating expenses, such as employee salaries and foreign income taxes, are denominated in foreign currencies. Accordingly, our
operating results are aﬁ‘ected by changes in the exchange rate between the US. dollar and those currencies. Any ﬁiture strengthening of those currencies
against the US. dollar will negatively impact our operating results by increasing our operating expenses as measured in US. dollars.
We may engage in ﬁnancial hedging techniques in the future as part of a strategy to address potential foreign currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations. These
hedging techniques, however, may not be successful at reducing our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations and may increase costs and
administrative complexity.
As we have limited insurance coverage, any incurred liability resulting from uncovered claims could adversely affect our financial condition and results of
operations.
Our insurance policies may not be adequate to ﬁilly offset losses from covered incidents, and we do not have coverage for certain losses. For example, we do
not have earthquake insurance related to our Asian operations because adequate coverage is not offered at economically justiﬁable rates. If our insurance
coverage is inadequate to protect us against catastrophic losses, any uncovered losses could adversely affect our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
Our dependence on selling to distributors and integrators increases the complexity of managing our supply chain and may result in excess inventory or
inventory shortages.
Selling to distributors and OEMs that build display devices based on speciﬁcations provided by branded suppliers, also referred to as integrators, reduces our
ability to forecast sales accurately and increases the complexity of our business. Our sales are made on the basis of customer purchase orders rather than long-
term purchase commitments. Our distributors, integrators and customers may cancel or defer purchase orders at any time but we must order wafer inventory
from our contract manufacturers three to four months in advance.
The estimates we use for our advance orders from contract manufacturers are based, in part, on reports of inventory levels and production forecasts from our
distributors and integrators, which act as intermediaries between us and the companies using our products. This process requires us to make numerous
assumptions concerning demand and to rely on the accuracy of the reports and forecasts of our distributors and integrators, each of which may introduce error
into our estimates of inventory requirements. Our failure to manage this challenge could result in excess inventory or inventory shortages that could
materially impact our operating results or limit the ability of companies using our semiconductors to deliver their products. If we overestimate demand for our
products, it could lead to signiﬁcant charges for obsolete inventory. On the other hand, if we underestimate demand, we could forego revenue opportunities,
lose market share and damage our customer relationships.
17