Our primary video display processor product categories include the following:
- ImageProcessor ICS. Our ImageProcessor ICs include embedded microprocessors, digital signal processing technology and software that control the
operations and signal processing within high-end display systems. ImageProcessor ICs were our ﬁrst product offerings and continue to comprise the
majority of our business. We have continued to reﬁne the architectures for optimal performance, manufacturing our products on process
technologies that align with our customers’ requirements. Additionally, we provide a software development environment and operating system that
enables our customers to more quickly develop and customize the "look and feel" of their products.
0 Video Co-Processor ICs. Products in this category work with an image processor to post-process video signals to enhance the performance or feature
set of the overall Video solution (for example, by signiﬁcantly reducing judder and motion blur). Our Video Co-Processor ICS can be used with our
ImageProcessor ICs or with image processing solutions from other manufacturers, and in most cases can be incorporated by a display manufacturer
without assistance from the supplier of the base image processor. This ﬂexibility enables manufacturers to augment their existing or new designs to
enhance their video display products.
Customers, Sales and Marketing
The key focus of our global sales and marketing strategy is to achieve design wins with industry leading branded manufacturers in our target markets and to
continue building strong customer relationships. Once a design win has been achieved, sales and marketing efforts are focused on building long-term
mutually beneﬁcial business relationships with our customers by providing superior technology and reducing their costs, which complements our customers’
product development objectives and meets their expectations for price-performance and time to market. Marketing efforts are focused on building market-
leading brand awareness and preference for our solutions.
We utilize direct sales and marketing resources in China, Japan, Korea, Taiwan, and the US. as well as indirect resources in several regions. In addition to
sales and marketing representatives, we have ﬁeld application engineers who provide technical expertise and assistance to manufacturing customers on ﬁnal
product development.
Our global distribution channel is multi—tiered and involves both direct and indirect distribution channels, as described below:
- Distributors. Distributors are resellers in local markets who provide engineering support and stock our semiconductors in direct relation to speciﬁc
manufacturing customer orders. Our distributors often have valuable and established relationships with our end customers, and in certain countries it
is customary to sell to distributors. While distributor payment to us is not dependent upon the distributor’s ability to resell the product or to collect
from the end customer, our distributors may provide longer payment terms to end customers than those we would offer. Sales to distributors
accounted for 43%, 48% and 63% ofrevenue in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Our largest distributor, Tokyo Electron Device Ltd. ("TED"), is located in Japan. TED represented more than 10% of revenue in each of 20 1 6, 2015
and 2014, and accounted for more than 10% of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2015 . No other distributor accounted for more than 10% of
revenue in 2016, 2015 or 2014.
We also have distributor relationships in China, Europe, Korea, Southeast Asia, Taiwan and the U.S.
- Direct Relationships. We have established direct relationships with companies that manufacture high-end display systems. Some of our direct
relationships are supported by commission—based manufacturers’ representatives, who are independent sales agents that represent us in local markets
and provide engineering support but do not carry inventory. Revenue through direct relationships accounted for 57%, 52% and 37% of total
revenue in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
We have direct relationships with companies falling into the following three classiﬁcations:
- Integrators. Integrators are OEMs who build display devices based on speciﬁcations provided by branded suppliers.
- Branded Manufacturers. Branded manufacturers are globally recognized manufacturers who develop display device speciﬁcations, and
manufacture, market and distribute display devices either directly or through resellers to end-users.
- Branded Suppliers. Branded suppliers are globally recognized suppliers who develop display device speciﬁcations and then source them
from integrators, typically in Asia, and distribute them either directly or through resellers to end-users.
8