Any determination required under this section shall be made in writing by the Company’s independent public accountants (the “Accountants”),
whose determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations
required by this section, the Accountants may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable,
good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. The Company and the Executive shall fumish to the
Accountants such information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this section. The Company
shall bear all costs the Accountants may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this section.
6. Successors.
(a) CompﬂyjsSuccessors. Any successor to the Company (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, lease, merger,
consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Company’s business and/ or assets shall assume the Company’s obligations under this
Agreement and agree expressly to perform the Company’s obligations under this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company
would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession. For all purposes under this Agreement, the term “Company” shall include any
successor to the Company’s business and/ or assets which executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this subsection (a) or which becomes
bound by the terms of this Agreement by operation of law.
(b) ExecutiveisSuccessors. Without the written consent of the Company, Executive may not assign or transfer this Agreement or
any right or obligation under this Agreement to any other person or entity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the terms of this Agreement and all rights of
Executive hereunder shall inure to the beneﬁt of, and be enforceable by, Executive’s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors,
heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.
7. Execution of Release Agreement upon Termination. As a condition of receiving the beneﬁts under Section 4 of this Agreement, the
Executive shall within twenty ﬁve days after the Executive’s Termination Date, execute and not revoke a general release of claims against the Company in
form satisfactory to the Company.
8. Litigation/Audit Cooperation. Following the termination of Executive’s employment for any reason, Executive shall reasonably
cooperate with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or afﬁliates (the “Company Group”) in connection with (a) any internal or governmental investigation
or administrative, regulatory, arbitral or judicial proceeding involving any member of the Company Group with respect to matters relating to Executive’s
employment with or service as a member of the board of directors of any member of the Company Group other than a third party proceeding in which
Executive is a named party and Executive and the Company (or the applicable member(s) of the Company Group) have not entered into a mutually
acceptable joint defense agreement (collectively, “Litigation") or (b) for a two year period following the Termination Date, any audit of the ﬁnancial
statements of any member of the Company Group with respect to the period of time when Executive was employed by any member of the Company Group
(“Audit”). Executive acknowledges that such cooperation may include, but shall not be limited to, Executive making himself available to the Company or
any other member of the Company Group (or their respective attorneys or auditors) upon reasonable notice for: (i) interviews, factual investigations, and
providing declarations or afﬁdavits that provide truthful information in connection with any Litigation or Audit; (ii) appearing at the request of the Company
or any member of the Company Group to give testimony without requiring service of a subpoena or other legal process; (iii) volunteering to the Company or
any member of the Company Group pertinent information related to any Litigation or Audit; (iv) providing information and legal representations to the
auditors of the Company or any member or any member of the Company Group, in a form and within a timeframe requested by the Board, with respect to the
Company’s or any member of the Company Group’s opening balance sheet valuation of intangibles and ﬁnancial statements for the period in which
Executive was employed by the Company or any member of the Company Group; and (v) turning over to the Company or any member of the Company
Group any documents relevant to any Litigation or Audit that are or may come into Executive’s possession. The Company shall reimburse Executive for
reasonable travel expenses incurred in connection with providing the services under this Section 8, including lodging and meals, upon Executive’s
submission of receipts. The Company shall also compensate Executive for each hour that Executive provides cooperation in connection with this Section 8
at an hourly rate equal to Executive’s base salary as of the Termination Date divided by 2080. Executive shall submit invoices for any month in which
Executive performs services pursuant to this Section 8 that details the amount of time and a description of the services rendered for each separate day that
Executive performed such services. The Company shall reimburse Executive for such services rendered within ﬁfteen (15) days of receiving an invoice from
Executive.
9. 409A Savings Clause. If Executive is a “speciﬁed employee” within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended by the rules and regulations issued thereunder by the Department of Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service (“409A”) as of the date of the
Executive’s “separation from service” within the meaning of Section 409A, Executive shall not be entitled to any payment or beneﬁt pursuant to Section 4
until the earlier of (i) the date which is six (6) months after his separation from service for any reason other than death, or (ii) the date of Executive’s death.