An uncertain tax position represents our expected treatment of a tax position taken in a ﬁled tax return, or planned to be taken in a future tax return, that has
not been reﬂected in measuring income tax expense for ﬁnancial reporting purposes. Until these positions are sustained by the taxing authorities, we do not
recognize the tax beneﬁts resulting from such positions and report the tax effects for uncertain tax positions in our consolidated balance sheets.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax, consists of the following:
December 31,
2016 _ 2015
iActuarial income on foreign pension obligation $ 27 $ 28 ‘
Accumulated transition foreign pension obligation (17) (22)
I Accumulated other comprehensive income $ 10 $ 6 l
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
See "Note 4: Fair Value Measurements" for information regarding accounting policies related to the fair value of our ﬁnancial instruments.
Risks and Uncertainties
Concentration of Suppliers
We do not own or operate a semiconductor fabrication facility and do not have the resources to manufacture our products internally. We rely on a limited
number of foundries and assembly and test vendors to produce all of our wafers and for completion of ﬁnished products. We do not have any long-term
agreements with any of these suppliers. In light of these dependencies, it is reasonably possible that failure to perform by one of these suppliers could have a
severe impact on our results of operations. Additionally, the concentration of these vendors within Taiwan, the People’s Republic of China and Singapore
increases our risk of supply disruption due to natural disasters, economic instability, political unrest or other regional disturbances.
Risk of Technological Change
The markets in which we compete, or seek to compete, are subject to rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions, changing customer
requirements for new products and features, and evolving industry standards. The introduction ofnew technologies and the emergence of new industry
standards could render our products less desirable or obsolete, which could harm our business.
Concentrations of Credit Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash equivalents and accounts receivable. We limit our exposure to
credit risk associated with cash equivalent balances by holding our funds in high quality, highly liquid money market accounts. We limit our exposure to
credit risk associated with accounts receivable by careiully evaluating creditworthiness before offering terms to customers.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the “FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09, Compensation - Stock
Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Shared-Based Payment Accounting ("ASU 2016-09"). ASU 2016-O9 simpliﬁes how several aspects of
Share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the ﬁnancial statements, for example, an accounting policy election may be made to account for
forfeitures as they occur, rather than based on an estimate of ﬁiture forfeitures. In addition, under previous guidance, excess tax beneﬁts and deﬁciencies from
stock-based compensation arrangements were recorded in equity when the awards vested or were settled. ASU 2016-09 requires prospective recognition of
excess tax beneﬁts and deﬁciencies in the income statement. The standard is effective for the Company on January 1, 2017. We do not expect the adoption of
this update to have a material impact on our ﬁnancial position, results of operations, or cash ﬂows.
5 1