Our effective income tax rate is subject to unanticipated changes in, or different interpretations of tax rules and regulations and forecasting our effective
income tax rate is complex and subject to uncertainty.
As a global company, we are subject to taxation by a number of taxing authorities and as such, our tax rates vary among the jurisdictions in which we operate.
Unanticipated changes in our tax rates could affect our future results of operations. Our effective tax rates could be adversely affected by changes in the mix
of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in tax laws or the interpretation of tax laws either in the US. or abroad, or by changes in the
valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. The ultimate outcomes of any ﬁiture tax audits are uncertain, and we can give no assurance as to whether
an adverse result from one or more of them would have a material effect on our operating results and ﬁnancial position.
The computation of income tax expense is complex as it is based on the laws of numerous tax jurisdictions and requires signiﬁcant judgment on the
application of complicated rules governing accounting for tax provisions under US generally accepted accounting principles. Income tax expense for
interim quarters is based on our forecasted tax rate for the year, which includes forward looking ﬁnancial projections, including the expectations of proﬁt and
loss by jurisdiction, and contains numerous assumptions. For these reasons, our tax rate may be materially different than our forecast.
We rely upon certain critical information systems for the operation of our business, and the failure of any critical information system may result in serious
harm to our business.
We maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the effective operation of our business. These information systems include
telecommunications, the Internet, our corporate intranet, various computer hardware and software applications, network communications and e-mail. These
information systems are subject to attacks, failures and access denials from a number of potential sources including Viruses, destructive or inadequate code,
power failures, and physical damage to computers, communication lines and networking equipment. To the extent that these information systems are under
our control, we have implemented security procedures, such as Virus protection software and emergency recovery processes, to address the outlined risks.
Security procedures for information systems cannot be guaranteed to be failsafe and our inability to use or access these information systems at critical times
could compromise the timely and efﬁcient operation of our business. Additionally, any compromise of our information security could result in the
unauthorized publication of our conﬁdential business or proprietary information, cause an interruption in our operations, result in the unauthorized release of
customer or employee data, result in a Violation of privacy or other laws, or expose us to a risk of litigation or damage our reputation, any or all of which
could harm our business and operating results.
Environmental laws and regulations have caused us to incur, and may again cause us to incur, significant expenditures to comply with applicable laws
and regulations, and we may be assessed considerable penalties for noncompliance.
We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations. Compliance with current or future environmental laws and regulations could require us to
incur substantial expenses which could harm our business, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations. We have worked, and will continue to work, with our
suppliers and customers to ensure that our products are compliant with enacted laws and regulations. Failure by us or our contract manufacturers to comply
with such legislation could result in customers refusing to purchase our products and could subject us to signiﬁcant monetary penalties in connection with a
violation, either of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
CompgyzRisksRelate,d,to,the,S,emiconductorilndusmyia nd,O,u1;Ma1:kets
Our highly integrated products and high-speed mixed signal products are difficult to manufacture without defects and the existence of defects could result
in increased costs, delays in the availability of our products, reduced sales of products or claims against us.
The manufacture of semiconductors is a complex process and it is often difﬁcult for semiconductor foundries to produce semiconductors free of defects.
Because many of our products are more highly integrated than other semiconductors and incorporate mixed signal analog and digital signal processing,
multi—chip modules and embedded memory technology, they are even more difﬁcult to produce without defects. Defective products can be caused by design
or manufacturing difﬁculties. Identifying quality problems can be performed only by analyzing and testing our semiconductors in a system after they have
been manufactured. The difﬁculty in identifying defects is compounded because the process technology is unique to each of the multiple semiconductor
foundries we contract with to manufacture our products. Despite testing by both our customers and us, errors or performance problems may be found in
existing or new semiconductors. Failure to achieve defect-free products may result in increased costs and delays in the availability of our products.
1 9