Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets
which are generally as follows:
Software Lesser of 3 years or contractual license term
Equipment, ﬁlmiture and ﬁxtures 2 years
Tooling 2 to 4 years
Leasehold improvements Lesser of lease term or estimated useﬁll life
The cost of property and equipment repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred.
Licensed Technology
We have capitalized licensed technology assets in other long-term assets. These assets are stated at cost and are amortized on a straight—line basis over the
term of the license or the estimated life of the asset, if the license is not contractually limited, which is generally two to ﬁve years.
Useful Lives and Recoverability of Equipment and Other Long-Lived Assets
We evaluate the remaining useﬁll life and recoverability of equipment and other assets, including identiﬁable intangible assets, whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. Ifthere is an indicator of impairment, we prepare an estimate of
ﬁlture, undiscounted cash ﬂows expected to result from the use of each asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash ﬂows are less than the carrying value
of the asset, we adjust the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value.
Revenue Recognition
We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the price is ﬁxed and
determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. For product sales, we require customers to provide purchase orders prior to shipment and we consider
delivery to occur upon shipment provided title and risk of loss have passed to the customer based on the shipping terms. These conditions are generally
satisﬁed upon shipment of the underlying product.
There are no customer acceptance provisions associated with our products, and except for replacement of defective products under our warranty program
discussed below, we have no obligation to accept product returns from end customers; however, we have accepted returns on a case-by-case basis as customer
accommodations in the past. As a result, we provide for estimated reductions to gross proﬁt for these sales returns in our reserve for sales returns and
allowances. At the end of each reporting period, we estimate the reserve based on historical experience and knowledge of any applicable events or
transactions. The reserve is included in accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets.
A portion of our sales are made to distributors under agreements that grant the distributor limited stock rotation rights and price protection on in-stock
inventory. The stock rotation rights allow these distributors to exchange a limited amount of their in-stock inventory for other Pixelworks product. As a
result, we provide for estimated reductions to gross proﬁt for these stock rotations in our reserve for sales returns and allowances. At the end of each reporting
period, we estimate the reserve based on historical experience and knowledge of any applicable events or transactions. The reserve is included in accrued
liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets.
On occasion, we derive revenue from the license of our internally developed intellectual property ("IP"). IP licensing agreements that we enter into generally
provide licensees the right to incorporate our IP components in their products with terms and conditions that vary by licensee. Our license fee arrangements
generally include multiple deliverables and we are required to determine whether there is more than one unit of accounting. To the extent that the
deliverables are separable into multiple units of accounting, we allocate the total fee on such arrangements to the individual units of accounting using
management’s best estimate of selling price ("ESP"), if third party evidence ("TPE") or vendor speciﬁc objective evidence ("VSOE") does not exist. We defer
revenue recognition for consideration that is contingent upon future performance or other contractual terms.
49