Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Pixelworks, Inc.:
We have audited Pixelworks, Inc.’s (the “Company”) internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The
Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about Whether effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Acompany’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of ﬁnancial reporting
and the preparation of ﬁnancial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control
over ﬁnancial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of ﬁnancial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the ﬁnancial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets
of Pixelworks, Inc and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss,
shareholders’ equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2016, and our report dated March 8, 2017 expressed an
unqualiﬁed opinion on those consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
/s/ KPMG LLP
Portland, Oregon
March 8, 2017
68