We may be unable to successfully manage any future growth, including the integration of any future acquisition or equity investment, which could disrupt
our business and severely harm our ﬁnancial condition.
If we fail to effectively manage any ﬁlture internal growth, our operating expenses may increase more rapidly than our revenue, adversely affecting our
ﬁnancial condition and results of operations. To manage any future growth effectively in a rapidly evolving market, we must be able to maintain and improve
our operational and ﬁnancial systems, train and manage our employee base and attract and retain qualiﬁed personnel with relevant experience. We could
spend substantial amounts of time and money in connection with expansion efforts for which we may not realize any proﬁt. Our systems, procedures, controls
or ﬁnancial resources may not be adequate to support our operations and we may not be able to grow quickly enough to exploit potential market
opportunities. In addition, we may not be able to successfully integrate the businesses, products, technologies or personnel of any entity that we might
acquire in the ﬁiture, or we may fail to realize the anticipated beneﬁts of any such acquisition. The successful integration of any acquired business as well as
the retention of personnel may require signiﬁcant attention from our management and could divert resources from our existing business, which in turn could
have an adverse effect on our business operations. Acquired assets or businesses may not achieve the anticipated beneﬁts we expect due to a number of
factors including: unanticipated costs or liabilities associated with the acquisition, including in the case of acquisitions we may make outside of the United
States, difﬁculty in operating in foreign countries or complying with foreign regulatory requirements, incurrence of acquisition—related costs, harm to our
relationships with existing customers as a result of the acquisition, harm to our brand and reputation, the loss of key employees in the acquired businesses,
use of resources that are needed in other parts of our business, and use of substantial portions of our available cash to consummate the acquisition. Any failure
to successfully integrate any entity we acquire or any failure to achieve the anticipated beneﬁts of any such acquisition could disrupt our business and
seriously harm our ﬁnancial condition.
Continued compliance with regulatory and accounting requirements will be challenging and will require signiﬁcant resources.
We spend a signiﬁcant amount of management time and external resources to comply with changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate
governance and public disclosure, including evolving SEC rules and regulations, NASDAQ Global Market rules, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 which requires management’s annual review and evaluation of internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting. Failure to comply with these laws and rules could lead to investigation by regulatory authorities, de-listing from the NASDAQ Global Market, or
penalties imposed on us. If we are unable to maintain an eﬂ‘ective system of internal controls, our results of operations could be harmed and our shareholders
could lose conﬁdence in the accuracy and completeness of our ﬁnancial reports which in turn could cause our stock price to decline.
Regulations related to conﬂict minerals may adversely impact our business.
The SEC has adopted disclosure and reporting rules intended to improve transparency and accountability concerning the supply of certain minerals, known
as conﬂict minerals, originating from the Democratic Republic of Congo (“DRC”) and adjoining countries. These rules require us to determine the origin of
certain materials used in our products and disclose whether we use any materials containing conﬂict minerals originating from the DRC and adjoining
countries. There are costs associated with complying with these rules, including costs incurred to conduct inquiries to determine the sources of any materials
containing conﬂict minerals used in our products, to fulﬁll our reporting requirements and to develop and implement potential changes to products,
processes or sources of supply if it is determined that our products contain or use any conﬂict minerals from the DRC or adjoining countries. The
implementation of these rules could also affect the sourcing, supply and pricing of materials used in our products. For example, there may only be a limited
number of suppliers offering “conﬂict free” materials, we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain necessary "conﬂict free" materials from such suppliers
in sufﬁcient quantities or at reasonable prices. In addition, we may face reputational challenges if we determine that any of our products contain minerals that
are not conﬂict free or if we are unable to sufﬁciently verify the origins for all materials containing conﬂict minerals used in our products through the
procedures we may implement.
1 8