Inventory Valuation. We value inventory at the lower of cost or market. In addition, we write down any obsolete, unmarketable or otherwise impaired
inventory to net realizable value. The determination of obsolete or excess inventory requires us to estimate the future demand for our products. The estimate
of future demand is compared to inventory levels to determine the amount, if any, of obsolete or excess inventory. Ifactual market conditions are less
favorable than those we projected at the time the inventory was written down, additional inventory write-downs may be required. Inventory valuation is re-
evaluated on a quarterly basis.
Useful Lives and Recoverability of Equipment and Other Lon g-Lz'ved Assets. We evaluate the remaining useful life and recoverability of equipment and other
assets, including identiﬁable intangible assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be
recoverable. If there is an indicator of impairment, we prepare an estimate of future, undiscounted cash ﬂows expected to result from the use of each asset and
its eventual disposition. If these cash ﬂows are less than the carrying value of the asset, we adjust the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value.
While we have concluded that the carrying value of our long-lived assets is recoverable as of December 31, 2016, our analysis is dependent upon our
estimates of ﬁiture cash ﬂows and our actual results may vary.
Stock-Based Compensation. Stock-based compensation expense is measured at the grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the award using the Black-
Scholes option pricing model for stock options and market price for restricted stock units. The use of the Black-Scholes option pricing model, requires certain
estimates, including an expected forfeiture rate and expected term of options granted. We also make decisions regarding the method of calculating expected
volatilities and the risk-free interest rate used in the option—pricing model. The resulting calculated fair value of stock options is recognized as compensation
expense over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. When there are changes to the assumptions used in the option-pricing model,
including ﬂuctuations in the market price of our common stock, there will be variations in the calculated fair value of our future stock option awards, which
results in variation in the stock-based compensation expensed recognized. Additionally, any modiﬁcation of an award that increases its fair value will require
us to recognize additional expense.
Income Taxes. We record deferred income taxes for temporary differences between the amount of assets and liabilities for ﬁnancial and tax reporting purposes
and we record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. We also regularly conduct a
comprehensive review of our uncertain tax positions. In this regard, an uncertain tax position represents our expected treatment of a tax position taken in a
ﬁled tax return, or planned to be taken in a ﬁiture tax return, that has not been reﬂected in measuring income tax expense for ﬁnancial reporting purposes.
Until these positions are sustained by the taxing authorities, we do not recognize the tax beneﬁts resulting from such positions and report the tax effects for
uncertain tax positions in our consolidated balance sheets.
Contractual Payment Obligations
A summary of our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2016 is as follows:
Payments Due By Period
Less than More than 5
Contractual Obligation Total 1 year 1—3 years 3-5 years years
'Qperating leases $ 5,167 $ 2,329 $ 2,646 $ 192 $ — 1
Payments on accrued balances related to asset ﬁnancings 418 418 — — —
lEstimated purchase commitments to contract manufacturers 9,226 _ 9,226 _ — _ — _ — 1
Total1 $ 14,811 $ 11,973 $ 2,646 $ 192 $ —
1 We are unable to reliably estimate the timing of future payments related to uncertain tax positions and repatriation of foreign earnings; therefore,
$1.9 million of income taxes payable has been excluded from the table above.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a material current or ﬁiture effect on our ﬁnancial condition,
results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
See "Note 2: Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies" in Part H, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for a description of recent accounting pronouncements,
including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
40