Our developed software may be incompatible with industry standards and challenging and costly to implement, which could slow product development or
cause us to lose customers and design wins.
We provide our customers with software development tools and with software that provides basic functionality for our integrated circuits and enables
enhanced connectivity of our customers’ products. Software development is a complex process and we are dependent on software development languages
and operating systems from vendors that may limit our ability to design software in a timely manner. Also, as software tools and interfaces change rapidly,
new software languages introduced to the market may be incompatible with our existing systems and tools, requiring signiﬁcant engineering efforts to
migrate our existing systems in order to be compatible with those new languages. Software development disruptions could slow our product development or
cause us to lose customers and design wins. The integration of software with our products adds complexity, may extend our internal development programs
and could impact our customers’ development schedules. This complexity requires increased coordination between hardware and software development
schedules and increases our operating expenses without a corresponding increase in product revenue. This additional level of complexity lengthens the sales
cycle and may result in customers selecting competitive products requiring less software integration.
The competitiveness and viability of our products could be harmed if necessary licenses of third-party technology are not available to us on terms that are
acceptable to us or at all.
We license technology from independent third parties that is incorporated into our products or product enhancements. Future products or product
enhancements may require additional third—party licenses that may not be available to us on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. In addition, in the event
of a change in control of one of our licensors, it may become difﬁcult to maintain access to its licensed technology. If we are unable to obtain or maintain any
third-party license required to develop new products and product enhancements, we may have to obtain substitute technology with lower quality or
performance standards, or at greater cost, either of which could seriously harm the competitiveness of our products.
Our limited ability to protect our IP and proprietary rights could harm our competitive position by allowing our competitors to access our proprietary
technology and to introduce similar products.
Our ability to compete effectively with other companies depends, in part, on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our technology, including our
semiconductor designs and software code. We provide the computer pro gramming code for our software to customers in connection with their product
development efforts, thereby increasing the risk that customers will misappropriate our proprietary software. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright,
trademark and trade secret laws, as well as nondisclosure agreements and other methods, to help protect our proprietary technologies. As of December 31,
2016, we held 148 patents and had 20 patent applications pending for protection of our signiﬁcant technologies. Competitors in both the US. and foreign
countries, many of whom have substantially greater resources than we do, may apply for and obtain patents that will prevent, limit or interfere with our ability
to make and sell our products, or they may develop similar technology independently or design around our patents. Effective patent, copyright, trademark
and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in foreign countries and, thus, make the possibility of piracy of our technology and products more
likely in these countries.
We cannot assure you that the degree of protection offered by patent or trade secret laws will be sufﬁcient. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that any patents
will be issued as a result of any pending applications or that any claims allowed under issued patents will be sufﬁciently broad to protect our technology. We
may incur signiﬁcant costs to stop others from infringing our patents. In addition, it is possible that existing or future patents may be invalidated, diluted,
circumvented, challenged or licensed to others.
Others may bring infringement or indemnification actions against us that could be time-consuming and expensive to defend.
We may become subject to claims involving patents or other intellectual property rights. In recent years, there has been signiﬁcant litigation in the US. and
in other jurisdictions involving patents and other intellectual property rights. This litigation is particularly prevalent in the semiconductor industry, in which
a number of companies aggressively use their patent portfolios to bring infringement claims. In recent years, there has been an increase in the ﬁling of so-
called "nuisance suits," alleging infringement of intellectual property rights. These claims may be asserted initially or as counterclaims in response to claims
made by a company alleging inﬁingement of intellectual property rights. These suits pressure defendants into entering settlement arrangements to quickly
dispose of such suits, regardless of merit. We may also face claims brought by companies that are organized solely to hold and enforce patents. In addition,
we may be required to indemnify our customers against IP claims related to their usage of our products as certain of our agreements include indemniﬁcation
provisions from third parties relating to our intellectual property.
23