If we are not able to respond to the rapid technological changes and evolving industry standards in the markets in which we compete, or seek to compete,
our products may become less desirable or obsolete.
The markets in which we compete or seek to compete are subject to rapid technological change and miniaturization capabilities, frequent new product
introductions, changing customer requirements for new products and features and evolving industry standards. The introduction of new technologies and
emergence of new industry standards could render our products less desirable or obsolete, which could harm our business and signiﬁcantly decrease our
revenue. Examples of changing industry standards include the growing use of broadband to deliver Video content, increased display resolution and size,
faster screen refresh rates, video capability such as High Dynamic Range, the proliferation of new display devices and the drive to network display devices
together. Our failure to predict market needs accurately or to timely develop new competitively priced products or product enhancements that incorporate
new industry standards and technologies, including integrated circuits with increasing levels of integration and new features, using smaller geometry process
technologies, may harm market acceptance and sales of our products.
Our products are incorporated into our customers’ products, which have different parts and speciﬁcations and utilize multiple protocols that allow them to be
compatible with speciﬁc computers, video standards and other devices. If our customers’ products are not compatible with these protocols and standards,
consumers will return, or not purchase these products and the markets for our customers’ products could be signiﬁcantly reduced. Additionally, if the
technology used by our customers becomes less competitive due to cost, customer preferences or other factors relative to alternative technologies, sales of our
products could decline.
Dependence on a limited number of sole-so urce, third-party manufacturers for our products exposes us to possible shortages based on low manufacturing
yield, errors in manufacturing, uncontrollable lead-times for manufacturing, capacity allocation, price increases with little notice, volatile inventory levels
and delays in product delivery, any of which could result in delays in satisfying customer demand, increased costs and loss of revenue.
We do not own or operate a semiconductor fabrication facility and do not have the resources to manufacture our products internally. We rely on a limited
number of foundries and assembly and test vendors to produce all of our wafers and for completion of ﬁnished products. Our wafers are not fabricated at more
than one foundry at any given time and our wafers typically are designed to be fabricated in a speciﬁc process at only one foundry. Sole sourcing each
product increases our dependence on our suppliers. We have limited control over delivery schedules, quality assurance, manufacturing yields, potential errors
in manufacturing and production costs. We do not have long-term supply contracts with our third-party manufacturers, so they are not obligated to supply us
with products for any speciﬁc period of time, quantity or price, except as may be provided in a particular purchase order. Our suppliers can increase the prices
of the products we purchase from them with little notice, which may cause us to increase the prices to our customers and harm our competitiveness. Because
our requirements represent only a small portion of the total production capacity of our contract manufacturers, they could reallocate capacity to other
customers during periods of high demand for our products, as they have done in the past. We expect this may occur again in the future.
Establishing a relationship with a new contract manufacturer in the event of delays or increased prices would be costly and burdensome. The lead time to
make such a change would be at least nine months, and the estimated time for us to adapt a product’s design to a particular contract manufacturer’s process is
at least four months. Additionally, we have chosen, and may continue to choose new foundries to manufacture our wafers which in turn, may require us to
modify our design methodology ﬂow for the process technology and intellectual property cores of the new foundry. If we have to qualify a new foundry or
packaging, assembly and testing supplier for any of our products or if we are unable to obtain our products from our contract manufacturers on schedule, at
costs that are acceptable to us, or at all, we could incur signiﬁcant delays in shipping products, our ability to satisfy customer demand could be harmed, our
revenue from the sale of products may be lost or delayed and our customer relationships and ability to obtain future design wins could be damaged.
We use a customer-owned tooling process for manufacturing most of our products, which exposes us to the possibility of poor yields and unacceptably high
pro duct costs.
We build most of our products on a customer-owned tooling basis, whereby we directly contract the manufacture of our products, including wafer production,
assembly and test. As a result, we are subject to increased risks arising from wafer manufacturing yields and risks associated with coordination of the
manufacturing, assembly and testing process. Poor product yields result in higher product costs, which could make our products less competitive if we
increase our prices to compensate for our higher costs, or could result in lower gross proﬁt margins if we do not increase our prices.
21