Core Technologies and Products
We have developed a portfolio of advanced video algorithms and IP to address a broad range of challenges in digital video. We believe our technologies can
signiﬁcantly improve video quality and will become increasingly important as the popularity of Video content consumption grows, and pixel densities,
screen size and image quality increase. Our products are designed with a ﬂexible architecture that allows us to combine algorithms and functional blocks of
digital and mixed signal circuitry. Accordingly, our technologies can be implemented across multiple products, in combinations within single products and
can be applied to a broad range of applications including smartphones, tablets, and projectors. The majority of our products include one or more technologies
to provide optimal high-quality Video display processing solutions to our customers, regardless of screen size.
Our core Video Display Processing technologies include:
0 Halo Free MEM C. Our proprietary Halo Free MEMC technology signiﬁcantly improves the performance and viewing experience of any screen by
addressing problems such as judder and motion blur. Unlike competitive solutions it also reduces halo effects that are a byproduct of MEMC. Halos
are objectionable blurred regions that surround moving objects as the MEMC algorithms try to reconstruct missing image data caused by the
concealing and revealing of obj ects as they pass over or behind one another. Removing halos dramatically improves image quality and is of
particular importance on high-resolution displays where artifacts become more visible.
0 Advanced Scaling. As display resolutions continue to increase, there is a need to convert lower resolution content to higher resolution in order to
display content properly. With the latest wave of high-resolution displays, the quality and quantity demands of scaling have increased signiﬁcantly.
Artifacts become more noticeable on these types of displays as they distract from the realism effect. In addition, with the availability of high
resolution content lagging behind the availability of high resolution displays, high-quality scaling is required to ensure high resolution displays do
not suffer when compared to Full-HD displays of the same size. Our advanced scaling is designed to ensure that up-conversion of lower resolution
content is of the highest quality in maintaining the ﬁdelity of image.
0 Mobile Video Display Processing. We have developed innovative video display processing solutions, that are designed to optimize power
consumption for mobile devices. Beyond MEMC and advanced scaling, these mobile solutions provide the kind of improvements in color, contrast,
sharpness and de-blur that are currently only found in high quality TVs today. Furthermore, this technology can reduce system power consumption
and extend battery life.
Our product development strategy is to leverage our expertise in video display processing to address the evolving needs of the digital projection and mobile
markets. We plan to continue to focus our development resources to maintain position in these markets by providing leading edge solutions for the advanced
digital projection market and to enhance our video processing solutions for mobile markets. Additionally, we plan to leverage our research and development
investment into products that address high-value markets, such as mobile, where our innovative proprietary technology provides differentiation and system
power saving beneﬁts. We deliver our technology in a variety of offerings, which take the form of single-purpose chips, highly integrated SoCs that
incorporate specialized software, full solutions incorporating software and other tools and IP cores that allow our technology to be incorporated into third
party solutions.
7