Mobile Video
There has been continued growth in the share of online video viewed by mobile devices. The Q3 2016 Global Video Index report from Ooyala showed more
than 52% of all Video views are now on mobile devices. Since Q3 2013, mobile video views have increased more than 233%, outpacing the growing
penetration rate of mobile devices globally as viewers spend more time watching video on the small screen. Meanwhile, Nielsen points out that the amount of
time consumers spend on mobile devices daily increased to 189 minutes from 126 minutes between Q1 2015 and Q1 2016. Recent research from eMarketer
notes that 78 million Millennials will watch mobile Video in 2016, with 34% watching a complete episode of a TV show and 18% watching an entire movie
on either a smartphone or tablet.
Mobile display systems pose a number of unique challenges. Power is of primary importance, impacting form factor, cost and performance. As these systems
have added more functionality, new features have had to compete for battery life, internal bandwidth and space. The addition of high—resolution displays has
ﬁlrther increased the burden on these resources.
Using the same technology developed for large screen TVs is neither feasible nor desirable. The video display processing pipelines used in TVs consume
many watts of power and would be unsuitable for battery powered systems. In T Vs, the size constraints on electronics are signiﬁcantly less stringent when
compared to mobile systems. To fumish the mobile market with appropriate solutions, Pixelworks has taken a holistic, system-Wide View and re-invented its
video display processing technology to ﬁt within the mobile constraints of battery life, bandwidth, form factor and performance. This approach has enabled
us to create technology that meets the power and size requirements of mobile as well as offering additional beneﬁts such as reducing the bandwidth burden of
high-resolution video and freeing up more bandwidth for the CPU and GPU.
The mobile market today is primarily comprised of smartphones and tablets. Our technology addresses both of these markets.
0 Smartphones. Smartphones have become a popular choice for many consumers. CCS Insight estimates that almost 2 billion smartphones will be sold
in 2019, accounting for 88% of all mobile phones sold in 2019. The resolution of smartphone displays is growing, while the color gamut and
contrast is moving toward DCI—P3 and HDR. These improvements in displays actually exacerbate the quality issues of video playback, a growing
problem as users increasingly use their smartphones as their primary form of video consumption.
0 Tablets. The line between tablets and smartphones is becoming increasingly indistinct as more tablets are offering mobile connectivity and are now
available in sizes similar to those of smartphones. Tablets offer broad appeal to consumers. With the display being the salient component of
smartphones and tablets, and the rapidly increasing use of these devices for video consumption, we believe that the incorporation of video display
processing is the next logical step.
Digital Projection Market
Increasingly affordable price points are driving continued adoption ofdigital projectors in business and education, as well as among consumers. Technology
improvements are helping to reduce the size and weight of proj ection devices While increasing theirperformance. Projector models range from larger units
designed to be permanently installed in a conference hall or other venue, to ultra-portable devices weighing fewer than two pounds for maximum portability.
According to PMA Research Limited (formerly Paciﬁc Media Associates), the worldwide front projector market shipped 8.7 million units in 2015 and is
forecasted to reach 10.2 million units by 2019.
The feature set of proj ection systems differs from that of a typical large-screen ﬂat panel display such as a TV. This is primarily because the projector is a
sharing and collaboration device While the TV is designed for direct consumption of content.
The front projection market serves several different areas such as business, education and home theater. Business users employ multimedia projectors to
display both still and Video presentation materials from PCs and other sources. Requirements for the business market include portability, compatibility with
multiple software and hardware applications, and features that ensure simple operation. In education environments ranging from elementary schools to
university campuses, projectors help teachers integrate media-rich instruction into classrooms. Home theater projector systems can drive large-screen displays
for content consumption where ﬂat panel displays are either economically not viable or physically incompatible for use.
Consistent with the trends of other consumer products, digital projectors are increasingly incorporating networking capabilities that enable the sharing of
video and other content among multiple devices. This, in turn, is enabling new use models for digital projection in both the education and business
environments. For example, one teacher can present the same material simultaneously in multiple classrooms, and students in different classrooms can
display and discuss their work. Such connectivity allows instant access to content and sharing of content, which promotes interaction and collaboration
among dispersed groups. In the business setting, this connectivity enables teleconferencing and the seamless sharing of content for more effective meetings.
6