Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of ﬁnancial statements in conformity with US. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and judgments that
affect the amounts reported. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, product returns, warranty
obligations, bad debts, inventories, property and equipment, impairment of long-lived assets, valuation of share-based payments, income taxes, litigation and
other contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more signiﬁcant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated
ﬁnancial statements:
Revenue Recognition. We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the
price is ﬁxed and determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. For product sales, we require customers to provide purchase orders prior to shipment and
we consider delivery to occur upon shipment provided title and risk of loss have passed to the customer based on the shipping terms. These conditions are
generally satisﬁed upon shipment of the underlying product.
On occasion, we derive revenue from the license of our internally developed IP. IP licensing agreements that we enter into generally provide licensees the
right to incorporate our IP components in their products with terms and conditions that vary by licensee. Our license fee arrangements generally include
multiple deliverables and we are required to determine whether there is more than one unit of accounting. To the extent that the deliverables are separable
into multiple units of accounting, we allocate the total fee on such arrangements to the individual units of accounting using management’s best estimate of
selling price ("ESP"), if third party evidence ("TPE") or vendor speciﬁc objective evidence ("VSOE") does not exist. We defer revenue recognition for
consideration that is contingent upon ﬁature performance or other contractual terms.
The Company’s process for determining its ESP for deliverables without VSOE or TPE considers multiple factors that may vary depending upon the unique
facts and circumstances related to each deliverable. The key factors considered by the Company in developing the ESPs include the nature and complexity of
different technologies being licensed, our cost to provide the deliverables, the availability of substitute technologies in the marketplace and the Company’s
historical pricing practices. We then recognize revenue for each unit of accounting depending on the nature of the deliverable(s) comprising the unit of
accounting in accordance with the revenue recognition criteria mentioned above.
Sales Returns and Allowances. Our customers do not have a stated right to return product except for replacement of defective products under our warranty
program discussed below. However, we have accepted customer returns on a case-by-case basis as customer accommodations in the past. As a result, we
provide for these returns in our reserve for sales returns and allowances. At the end of each reporting period, we estimate the reserve for returns based on
historical experience and knowledge of any applicable events or transactions.
Certain of our distributors have stock rotation provisions in their distributor agreements, which allow them to return a limited amount of their in-stock
inventory in exchange for products of equal value. At the end of each reporting period, we estimate the reserve for stock rotations based on historical
experience and knowledge of any applicable events or transactions.
Product Warranties. We warrant that our products will be free from defects in materials and workmanship for a period of twelve months from delivery.
Warranty repairs are guaranteed for the remainder of the original warranty period. Our warranty is limited to repairing or replacing products, or refunding the
purchase price.
At the end of each reporting period, we estimate a reserve for warranty returns based on historical experience and knowledge of any applicable events or
transactions. While we engage in extensive product quality programs and processes, which include actively monitoring and evaluating the quality of our
suppliers, should actual product failure rates or product replacement costs differ from our estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liability may be
required.
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts. We offer credit to customers after careﬁll examination of their creditworthiness. We maintain an allowance for doubtful
accounts for estimated losses that may result from the inability of our customers to make required payments. At the end of each reporting period, we estimate
the allowance for doubtful accounts based on our account-by-account risk analysis of outstanding receivable balances. The determination to write-off
speciﬁc accounts receivable balances is made based on the likelihood of collection and past due status. Past due status is based on invoice date and terms
speciﬁc to each customer. If the ﬁnancial condition of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments,
additional allowances may be required.
39