Item 1A. Risk Factors.
The following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, ﬁnancial condition, and results of operations, and the trading price of our common
stock could decline. These risk factors do not identify all of the risks that we face. Our business operations could also be affected by factors that we
currently consider to be immaterial or that are unknown to us at the present time. Investors should also refer to the other information contained or
incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 1 0-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, including our consolidated ﬁnancial statements and
related notes, and our other ﬁlings made from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC '9.
Compgygpeciﬁcﬁisks,
Our product strategy, which is targeted at markets demanding superior video and image quality, may not address the demands of 0 ur target customers and
may not lead to increased revenue in a timely manner or at all, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and limit our ability to
grow.
We have adopted a product strategy that focuses on our core competencies in video display processing and delivering high levels of Video and image
quality. With this strategy, we continue to make further investments in the development of our image processor architecture for the digital projector market,
with particular focus on adding increased performance and functionality. For the mobile device market, our strategy focuses on implementing our intellectual
property ("IP") to improve the video performance of our customers’ image processors through the use of our MotionEngine® advanced video co—processor
integrated circuits. This strategy is designed to address the needs of the high-resolution and high-quality segment of these markets. Such markets may not
develop or may take longer to develop than we expect. We cannot assure you that the products we are developing will adequately address the demands of our
target customers, or that we will be able to produce our new products at costs that enable us to price these products competitively.
Achieving design wins involves lengthy competitive selection processes that require us to incur significant expenditures prior to generating any revenue or
without any guarantee of any revenue related to this business. If we fail to generate revenue after incurring substantial expenses to develop our products,
our business and operating results would suﬁ’er.
We must achieve "design wins," that enable us to sell our semiconductor solutions for use in our customers’ products. These competitive selection processes
typically are lengthy and can require us to incur signiﬁcant research and development expenditures and dedicate scarce engineering resources in pursuit of a
single customer opportunity. We may not achieve a design win and may never generate any revenue despite incurring signiﬁcant research and development
expenditures. This could cause us to lose revenue and require us to write off obsolete inventory, and could weaken our position in ﬁxture competitive
selection processes.
Even if our product strategy is properly targeted, we cannot assure you that the products we are developing will lead to an increase in revenue from new
design wins. To achieve design wins, we must design and deliver cost-effective, innovative and integrated semiconductors that overcome the signiﬁcant
costs associated with qualifying a new supplier and which make developers reluctant to change component sources. Additionally, potential developers may
be unwilling to select our products due to concerns over our ﬁnancial strength. Further, design wins do not necessarily result in developers ordering large
volumes of our products. Developers can choose at any time to discontinue using our products in their designs or product development efforts. A design win
is not a binding commitment by a developer to purchase our products, but rather a decision by a developer to use our products in its design process. Even if
our products are chosen to be incorporated into a developer’s products, we may still not realize signiﬁcant revenue from the developer if its products are not
commercially successﬁll or it chooses to qualify, or incorporate the products, of a second source. Additionally, even if our product strategy is successful at
achieving design wins and increasing our revenue, we may continue to incur operating losses due to the signiﬁcant research and development costs that are
required to develop competitive products for the digital projection market and mobile market.
12