12. Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement. Executive shall execute and comply with the terms of the Company’s
standard Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement.
13. Miscellaneous Provisions.
(a) EffecLOfAnyiStatthryiBeneﬁts. If any severance beneﬁts are required to be paid to the Executive upon termination of
employment with the Company as a result of any requirement of law or any governmental entity in any applicable jurisdiction, the aggregate amount payable
pursuant to Section 4 hereof shall be reduced by such amount.
(b) Effect of Standard Company Policy or Other Agreements. To the extent that any severance beneﬁts or payments are required to
be paid to the Executive upon termination of employment with the Company as a result of any standard Company policy or other existing agreement(s),
Executive shall be entitled to the most favorable of any given beneﬁt (e.g., cash, option vesting, health beneﬁts) available under any one such source, but
shall not be entitled also to cumulate the same kind of beneﬁt from multiple agreements or policies.
(c) No Duty to Mitigate. The Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this
Agreement, nor shall any such payment be reduced by any earnings that the Executive may receive from any other source.
((1) Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may be modiﬁed, waived or discharged unless the modiﬁcation, waiver or discharge is
agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and by an authorized ofﬁcer of the Company (other than the Executive). No waiver by either party of any
breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or
provision or of the same condition or provision at another time.
(e) Integration. This Agreement and any agreements referenced herein represent the entire agreement and understanding between
the parties as to the subject matter herein and collectively supersede all prior or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the
same subj ect matter, provided that, for clariﬁcation purposes, this Agreement shall not affect any agreements between the Company and Executive regarding
intellectual property matters or conﬁdential information of the Company.
(f) Choice of Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal
substantive laws, but not the conﬂicts of law rules, of the State of California.
(g) Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or
enforceability of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect.
(h) Employment Taxes. All payments made pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to withholding of applicable income and
employment taxes.
(i) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but both of which
together will constitute one and the same instrument.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized ofﬁcer, as of the day
and year ﬁrst above written.
Executive
Pixelwo rks, Inc.
Todd DeBonis
By: /s/ Steven Moore /s/ Todd A. DeBonis
For: Bruce Walicek, CEO