If we fail to retain or attract the specialized technical and management personnel required to successfully operate our business, it could harm our business
and may result in lost sales and diversion of management resources.
Our success depends on the continued services of our executive ofﬁcers and other key management, engineering, and sales and marketing personnel and on
our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualiﬁed personnel. Competition for skilled engineers and management personnel is intense within our
industry, and we may not be successful in hiring and retaining qualiﬁed individuals. For example, we have experienced, and may continue to experience,
difﬁculty and increased compensation expense in order to hire and retain qualiﬁed engineering personnel in our Shanghai design center. The loss of, or
inability to hire, key personnel could limit our ability to develop new products and adapt existing products to our customers’ requirements, and may result in
lost sales and a diversion of management resources. Any transition in our senior management team may involve a diversion of resources and management
attention, be disruptive to our daily operations or impact public or market perception, any of which could have a negative impact on our business or stock
price.
We have significantly fewer financial resources than most of our competitors which limits our ability to implement new products or enhancements to our
current products and may require us to implement additional future restructuring plans, which in turn could adversely affect our future sales and financial
condition.
Financial resource constraints could limit our ability to execute our product strategy or require us to implement additional restructuring plans, particularly if
we are unable to generate sufﬁcient cash from operations or obtain additional sources of ﬁnancing. Any future restructuring actions may slow our
development of new or enhanced products by limiting our research and development and engineering activities. Our cash balances are also lower than those
of our competitors, which may limit our ability to develop competitive new products on a timely basis or at all. If we are unable to successﬁilly introduce new
or enhanced products, our sales, operating results and ﬁnancial condition will be adversely affected.
If we are not profitable in the future, we may be unable to continue our operations.
Although we recorded net income for the ﬁscal year ended December 31, 2010, we have otherwise incurred operating losses each year since 2004 and have an
accumulated deﬁcit of $375 .3 million as of December 31, 2016. If and when we achieve proﬁtability depends upon a number of factors, including our ability
to develop and market innovative products, accurately estimate inventory needs, contract effectively for manufacturing capacity and maintain sufﬁcient
ﬁlnds to ﬁnance our activities. We cannot assure our investors that we Will ever achieve annual proﬁtability, or that we can maintain proﬁtability if achieved.
If we are not proﬁtable in the ﬁiture, we may be unable to continue our operations.
A significant amount of our revenue comes from a limited number of customers and distributors and ﬁ'om time to time we may enter into exclusive deals
with customers, exposing us to increased credit risk and subjecting our cash ﬂow to the risk that any of our customers or distributors could decrease or
cancel its orders.
The display manufacturing market is highly concentrated and we are, and will continue to be, dependent on a limited number of customers and distributors
for a substantial portion of our revenue. Sales to our top distributor, TED, represented 24%, 31% and 29% of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2016,
2015, and 2014, respectively. If any of our distributors ceases to do business with us, it may be difficult for us to ﬁnd adequate replacements, and even if we
do, it may take some time. The loss of any of our top distributors could negatively affect our results of operations. Additionally, revenue attributable to our
top ﬁve end customers represented 82%, 83% and 60% of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. As of December 31,
2016, we had one account that represented 10% or more of accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2015 we had two accounts that each represented 10% or
more of accounts receivable. All of the orders included in our backlog are cancelable. Areduction, delay or cancellation of orders from one or more of our
signiﬁcant customers, or a decision by one or more of our signiﬁcant customers to select products manufactured by a competitor or to use its own intemally-
developed semiconductors, would signiﬁcantly and negatively impact our revenue. Further, the concentration of our accounts receivable with a limited
number of customers increases our credit risk. The failure of these customers to pay their balances, or any customer to pay ﬁiture outstanding balances, would
result in an operating expense and reduce our cash ﬂows.
We do not have long-term purchase commitments from our customers and if our customers cancel or change their purchase commitments, our revenue and
operating results could suffer.
Substantially all of our sales to date have been made on a purchase order basis, including sales made to Seiko Epson Corporation. We do not have any long-
term commitments with any of our customers. As a result, our customers may cancel, change or delay product purchase commitments with little or no notice
to us and without penalty. This, in turn, could cause our revenue to decline and materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
13