Our revenue and operating results can ﬂuctuate from period to period, which could cause our share price to decline.
Our revenue and operating results have ﬂuctuated in the past and may ﬂuctuate from period to period in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which
are beyond our control. Factors that may contribute to these ﬂuctuations include those described in this "Risk Factors" section of this report, such as the
timing, changes in or cancellation of orders by customers, market acceptance of our products and our customers’ products and the timing and extent of
product development costs. Additionally, our business is subject to seasonality related to the markets we serve and the location of our customers. For
example, we have historically experienced higher revenue from the digital projector market in the third quarter of the year, and lower revenue in the ﬁrst
quarter of the year. As a result of these and other factors, the results of any prior quarterly or annual periods should not be relied upon as indications of our
future revenue or operating performance. Fluctuations in our revenue and operating results could cause our share price to decline.
We may not be able to borrow funds under our credit facility or secure future financing which could affect our ability to fund ﬂuctuations in our working
capital requirements.
In December 2010, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank, which was later amended on December 14, 2012, December 4,
2013, December 18, 2015 and December 15, 2016 (as amended, the "Revolving Loan Agreement"). The Revolving Loan Agreement provides a secured
working capital-based revolving line of credit (the "Revolving Line") in an aggregate amount of up to the lesser of (i) $10.0 million or (ii) $1.0 million plus
80% of eligible domestic accounts receivable and certain foreign accounts receivable. As of December 15, 2016, the Revolving Line has a maturity date of
December 29, 2017. We view this line of credit as a source of available liquidity to fund ﬂuctuations in our working capital requirements. For example, if we
experience an increase in order activity from our customers, our cash balance may decrease due to the need to purchase inventories to ﬁilﬁll those orders. If
this occurs, we may need to draw on this facility in order to maintain our liquidity.
This facility contains various conditions, covenants and representations with which we must be in compliance in order to borrow funds. We cannot assure
you that we will be in compliance with these conditions, covenants and representations when we may need to borrow funds under this facility, in which case
we may need to seek alternative sources of funding, which may not be available quickly or which may be available only on less favorable terms. Our inability
to raise the necessary funding in the event we need it could negatively affect our business. In addition, the amount available to us under this facility depends
in part on our accounts receivable balance which could decrease due to a decrease in revenue.
This facility expires on December 29, 2017, after which time we may need to secure new ﬁnancing to continue funding ﬂuctuations in our working capital
requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to secure new ﬁnancing in a timely manner or at all, or secure ﬁnancing on terms that are acceptable
to us.
If we are unable to generate sufﬁcient cash from operations and are forced to seek additional ﬁnancing alternatives, or in the event we acquire or make an
investment in companies that complement our business, our working capital may be adversely aﬁ’ected and our shareholders may experience dilution or
our operations may be impaired.
If we are unable to generate sufﬁcient cash from operations, we may be unable to generate or sustain positive cash ﬂow from operating activities. We would
then be required to use existing cash and cash equivalents to support our working capital and other cash requirements. Additionally, from time to time, we
may evaluate acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, products or technologies that complement our business. Any such transactions, if consummated,
may consume a material portion of our working capital or require the issuance of equity securities that may result in dilution to existing shareholders. If
additional funds are required to support our working capital requirements, acquisitions or other purposes, we may seek to raise funds through debt and equity
ﬁnancing or from other sources. If we raise additional ﬁinds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our
shareholders could be signiﬁcantly diluted, and these newly-issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing
shareholders. If we raise additional funds by obtaining loans from third parties, the terms of those ﬁnancing arrangements may include negative covenants or
other restrictions on our business that could impair our operating ﬂexibility, and would also require us to incur interest expense. We can provide no assurance
that additional ﬁnancing will be available at all or, if available, that we would be able to obtain additional ﬁnancing on terms favorable to us.
We license our intellectual property, which exposes us to risks of infringement or misappropriation, and may cause ﬂuctuations in our operating results.
We have licensed certain of our intellectual properties to third parties and may enter into additional license arrangements in the future. We cannot assure you,
however, that others will be interested in licensing our intellectual property on commercially
14