cher,Risks,
The price of our common stock has and may continue to ﬂuctuate substantially.
Our stock price and the stock prices of technology companies similar to Pixelworks have been highly volatile. The price of our common stock may decline
and the value of our shareholders' investment may be reduced regardless of ourperformance.
The daily trading volume of our common stock has historically been relatively low, although, in the three most recent years, trading volume increased
compared to historical levels. As a result of the historically low volume, our shareholders may be unable to sell signiﬁcant quantities of common stock in the
public trading markets without a signiﬁcant reduction in the price of our common shares. Additionally, market ﬂuctuations, as well as general economic and
political conditions, including recessions, interest rate changes or international currency ﬂuctuations, may negatively impact the market price of our common
stock. Other factors that could negatively impact our stock price include:
0 actual or anticipated ﬂuctuations in our operating results;
° changes in or failure to meet expectations as to our ﬁlture ﬁnancial performance;
0 changes in or failure to meet ﬁnancial estimates of securities analysts;
- announcements by us or our competitors of technolo gical innovations, design wins, contracts, standards, acquisitions or divestitures;
- the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies;
- issuances or proposed issuances of equity, debt or other securities by us, or sales of securities by our security holders; and
0 changes in market valuations of other technology companies.
Any inability or perceived inability of investors to realize a gain on an investment in our common stock could have an adverse effect on our business,
ﬁnancial condition and results of operations by potentially limiting our ability to retain our customers, to attract and retain qualiﬁed employees and to raise
capital. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company's securities, securities class
action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of
our management's attention and resources.
The interest of our current or potential significant shareholders may conﬂict with other shareholders and they may attempt to effect changes or acquire
control, which could adversely aﬁ’ect our results of operations and ﬁnancial condition.
Our shareholders may from time to time engage in proxy solicitations, advance shareholder proposals, acquire control or otherwise attempt to effect changes,
including by directly voting their shares on shareholder proposals. Campaigns by shareholders to effect changes at publicly traded companies are sometimes
led by investors seeking to increase short-term shareholder value through actions such as ﬁnancial restructuring, increased debt, special dividends, stock
repurchases or sales of assets or the entire company. Responding to proxy contests and other actions by activist shareholders can be costly and time-
consuming, disrupting our operations and diverting the attention of our Board of Directors and senior management from the pursuit of business strategies.
Additionally, uncertainty over our direction and leadership may negatively impact our relationship with our customers and make it more difﬁcult to attract
and retain qualiﬁed personnel and business partners. As a result, shareholder campaigns could adversely affect our results of operations and ﬁnancial
condition.
Future sales of our equity could result in significant dilution to our existing shareholders and depress the market price of 0 ur common stock.
It is likely that we will need to seek additional capital in the ﬂiture and from time to time. If this ﬁnancing is obtained through the issuance of equity
securities, debt convertible into equity securities, options or warrants to acquire equity securities or similar instruments or securities, our existing
shareholders will experience dilution in their ownership percentage upon the issuance, conversion or exercise of such securities and such dilution could be
signiﬁcant. For example, we issued approximately 3.7 million and 3.0 million shares of our common stock in underwritten registered public offerings in
August 2015 and August 2013, respectively. New equity securities issued by us could have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our common
stock.
25