PART I
Item 1. Business.
Overview
Pixelworks designs, develops and markets Video processing semiconductors, intellectual property cores, software and custom ASIC solutions for high-quality
energy efﬁcient digital Video applications. Our products enable our customers to deliver the highest energy efﬁcient video quality on their devices. Our core
video display processing technology intelligently processes video signals ﬂom a variety of sources and optimizes the image for the viewer. The rapid growth
in video—capable consumption devices, especially mobile, has increased the demand for Video display processing technology in recent years. Our
technologies can be applied to a wide range of devices ﬂom large-screen projectors to low power mobile tablets and smartphones. Our products are
architected and optimized for power, cost, bandwidth, and overall system performance, according to the application requirements. Our primary target markets
include digital projection systems, tablets, and smartphones.
As of December 31, 2016, we held an intellectual property portfolio of 148 patents related to the Visual display of digital image data. We focus our research
and development efforts on developing video algorithms that improve quality, and architectures that reduce system power, cost, bandwidth and increase
overall system performance and device ﬂinctionality. We seek to expand our technology portfolio through internal development and co—development with
business partners, and we continually evaluate acquisition opportunities and other ways to leverage our technology into other high-value markets.
High-Resolution Displays
Display technologies have recently begun to transition ﬂom an era of higher resolutions, response times and ﬂame rates, with lower power and thinner form
factors, to one focused on higher contrast and more colors.
In mobile devices, Apple Inc. has brought wide color gamut to many of their devices including the iPhone, iPad Pro, MacBook Pro and iMac. These devices
deliver the same color gamut used in digital cinema theatres ("DCI—P3"). Meanwhile, television ("TV") manufacturers including Samsung, Sony and LG are
bringing high contrast, high brightness (High Dynamic Range or "HDR") TVs based on OLED and local—dimming LCD panels to the living room.
Several HDR, DCI—P3 capable mobile devices are expected to arrive during 2017. For example, Qualcomm’s latest mobile application processor supports
HDR and wide color gamut, and the UHD Alliance (of which Pixelworks is a contributing member) has stated that they will announce a mobile standard at the
end ofFebruary 2017.
Hardware improvements in color and contrast are of little value without content that can take advantage of them. In fact, a signiﬁcant gap now exists between
the vast majority of video content available to consumers, and these emerging display devices.
0 Contrast and Brightness: Almost all movies available to consumers today use the "Rec.709" ITU standard format. This format deﬁnes brightness
levels up to around 100 "nits" (a standard measure of brightness), whereas HDR TVs are ﬁve to ten times brighter (ﬂom 540 nits upwards). Most
mobile devices support over 400 nits and sometimes over 600 nits.
0 Color Gamut: DCI—P3 has a 25% larger color gamut than Rec.709.
- Frame Rate: Most movies are available in 24 or 25 ﬂames per second, a rate at which the human eye still perceives judder, but cannot identify
individual still images or ﬂames and sees a Video instead. Mobile devices on the other hand have displays that run at 60 frames per second, and TVs
commonly display 120 frames per second - ﬂame rates at which the eye perceives smooth motion. In addition to the display ﬂame rate discrepancy,
the transmission rates vary based on various factors such as available bandwidth. Standard ﬂame rate conversion requires the original content ﬂames
being repeated or dropped in order to match the ﬂame rate of the display. This causes the Video to appear to judder. Judder is a common problem in
Video systems and occurs when there is a sudden jump or discontinuity in motion ﬂom one ﬂame of a motion video sequence to the next. This can
be caused by content being created at a ﬂame rate per second that is too low, or the original content ﬂames are being repeated or dropped in order to
match either a transmission standard or the playback ﬂame rate of the display.
0 Resolution: Finally, TVs have achieved 4k resolutions (3840x2160) and mobile devices commonly achieve 2560x1440, and while some content is
available in 4k resolution, most movies are only available in FHD or HD resolutions (typically 1920x1080 and 1280x720 respectively).
This gap between display capabilities and available content brings signiﬁcant challenges to video display device manufacturers. Sophisticated video
processing is required to accurately reproduce the intended video on today’s displays.
4