Short-Term Line of Credit
On December 21, 2010, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank (the "Bank"), which was later amended on December 14,
2012, December 4, 2013, December 18, 2015 and December 15, 2016 (as amended, the "Revolving Loan Agreement"). The Revolving Loan Agreement
provides a secured working capital—based revolving line of credit (the "Revolving Line") in an aggregate amount of up to the lesser of (i) $10,000, or
(ii) $1,000 plus 80% of eligible domestic accounts receivable and certain foreign accounts receivable. The Revolving Line has a maturity date of December
29, 2017. In addition, the Revolving Loan Agreement provides for non—formula advances of up to $10,000 which may be made solely during the last ﬁve
business days of any ﬁscal month or quarter and which must be repaid by the Company on or before the ﬁfth business day after the applicable ﬁscal month or
quarter end.
Amounts advanced under the Revolving Line bear interest at an annual rate equal to the lender's prime rate plus 0.25%. The Revolving Loan Agreement, as
amended also provides an option for LIBOR advances that bear interest based on the LIBOR rate. Interest on the Revolving Line is due monthly, with the
balance due on December 29, 2017, which is the scheduled maturity date for the Revolving Line.
The Revolving Loan Agreement, as amended contains customary afﬁrmative and negative covenants, including with respect to the following: compliance
with laws, provision of ﬁnancial statements and periodic reports, payment of taxes, maintenance of inventory and insurance, maintenance of operating
accounts at the Bank, the Bank's access to collateral, formation or acquisition of subsidiaries, incurrence of indebtedness, dispositions of assets, granting
liens, changes in business, ownership or business locations, engaging in mergers and acquisitions, making investments or distributions and affiliate
transactions. The covenants also require that the Company maintain a minimum ratio of qualifying ﬁnancial assets to the sum of qualifying ﬁnancial
obligations.
The Revolving Loan Agreement, as amended also contains customary events of default, including the following: defaults with respect to covenant
compliance, the occurrence of a material adverse change, the occurrence of certain bankruptcy or insolvency events, cross—defaults, judgment defaults and
material misrepresentations. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the acceleration of the Company's obligations under the Revolving Loan
Agreement, as amended and an increase to the applicable interest rate, and would permit the Bank to exercise remedies with respect to its security interest.
To secure the repayment of any amounts borrowed under the Revolving Loan Agreement, as amended, the Company granted to the Bank a security interest in
substantially all of its assets, excluding its intellectual property assets. The Company has agreed not to pledge or otherwise encumber its intellectual property
assets without prior written permission from the Bank.
As of December 31, 2016, we had no outstanding borrowings on the Revolving Line. Short-tenn borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Line as of
December 31, 2015 consisted of a non-formula advance of $3,000 which was repaid within required terms. The weighted-average interest rate on short-term
borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2015 was 3.75%.
55