facility or a location more than ﬁfty (50) miles from the Executive’s current work location, provided that such requirement to relocate materially increases the
Executive’s commute; or (iv) the failure of the Company to obtain the assumption of this Agreement by any successors contemplated in Section 6 below. The
Executive must provide notice of intent to terminate for a Good Reason Event within thirty (30) days of occurrence of the event constituting a Good Reason
Event, and the Executive may terminate for Good Reason Event only if the Company shall fail to cure such event within fourteen (14) days of receipt of such
notice from the Executive.
((1) Involuntarylerminalinon. “Involuntary Termination” shall mean (i) any termination of the Executive’s employment by the
Company which is not effected for valid Cause; or (ii) any termination by the Executive for Good Reason.
(e) IcrminalionDaIe. “Termination Date” shall mean the effective date of any notice of termination delivered by one party to the
other hereunder.
2. Term of Agreement. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of two (2) years after a Change of Control, or (ii) the date that all
obligations of the parties hereto under this Agreement have been satisﬁed.
3. At-Will Emnpliqyment. The Company and the Executive acknowledge that the Executive’s employment is and shall continue to be at—will,
as deﬁned under applicable law. If the Executive’s employment terminates for any reason, the Executive shall not be entitled to any payments, beneﬁts,
damages, awards or compensation other than as provided by this Agreement, or as may otherwise be established under the Company’s then existing employee
beneﬁt plans or policies at the time of termination.
4. ,SeyeranceBeneﬁts.
(a) TenninationDuringPChangeio f Control Window.
(i) If Within Six MonthsnBeforeianChangeioLCiomrol. If the Executive’s employment with the Comp any terminates as a
result of an Involuntary Termination at any time within six (6) months before a Change of Control, and the Executive signs the release of claims pursuant to
Section 7 hereto, Executive shall be entitled to the following severance beneﬁts:
(1) Twelve (12) months of Executive’s base salary in effect as of, and annual target bonus in effect for the year of,
the date of such termination, less applicable withholding, payable in a lump sum thirty-ﬁve (35) days following such Involuntary Termination.
(2) All stock options granted by the Company to the Executive prior to the Change of Control shall accelerate
and become 100% vested and exercisable to the extent such stock options are outstanding and un-exercisable at the time of such termination. All restricted
stock units granted by the Company to the Executive prior to the Change of Control which are outstanding and unvested as of the time of such termination
shall accelerate and become 100% vested. All stock subject to a right of repurchase by the Company (or its successor) that was purchased prior to the Change
of Control shall have such right of repurchase lapse.
(3) The same level of Company-paid health (i.e., medical, Vision and dental) coverage and beneﬁts for such
coverage as in effect for the Executive (and any eligible dependents) on the day immediately preceding the Executive’s Termination Date; proxided,
however, that (i) the Executive constitutes a qualiﬁed beneﬁciary, as deﬁned in Section 4980B(g)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; and
(ii) Executive elects continuation coverage pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (“COBRA”), within the
time period prescribed pursuant to COBRA. The Company shall continue to provide Executive with such Company-paid coverage until the earlier of (i) the
date Executive (and Executive’s eligible dependents) is no longer eligible to receive continuation coverage pursuant to COBRA, or (ii) twelve (12) months
from the Termination Date.
(4) Rules For Uncertainty Period: During the six months following an Involuntary Termination that occurs at
some time other than in the 24 months following a Change of Control, these further rules will apply.
(1) As of the date of the Involuntary Termination, any options that have the potential to become vested
if a Change of Control occurs in the following six months, but which have not yet vested, will be regarded as unexpired until the end of the six month period,
at which time, if no Change of Control has occurred, the options will expire unvested. As of the date of an Involuntary Termination, Executive may hold
restricted stock units or other rights as to which, absent a Change of Control, would be forfeited or the the Company would have repurchase rights, but as to
which such rights would expire if a Change of Control occurs within six months. Until it is known Whether the status of such shares or rights has changed,
they shall not be forfeited or repurchased by the Company, and all periods for exercising repurchase