° changes in the regulatory environment in the PRC, Japan, Taiwan and Korea that may signiﬁcantly impact purchases of our products by our
customers or our customers’ sales of their own products;
0 outbreaks of health epidemics in the PRC or other parts of Asia;
- imposition of new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers and similar trade restrictions on our sales;
0 varying employment and labor laws; and
- greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than in established markets.
Any of these factors could require a disproportionate share of management’s attention, result in increased costs or decreased revenues, and could materially
affect our product sales, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
Our operations in Asia expose as to heightened risks due to natural disasters.
The risk of natural disasters in the Paciﬁc Rim region is signiﬁcant. Natural disasters in countries where our manufacturers or customers are located could
result in disruption of our manufacturers’ and customers’ operations, resulting in signiﬁcant delays in shipment of, or signiﬁcant reductions in orders for, our
products. There can be no assurance that we can locate additional manufacturing capacity or markets on favorable terms, or ﬁnd new customers, in a timely
manner, if at all. Natural disasters in this region could also result in:
0 reduced end user demand due to the economic impact of any natural disaster;
0 a disruption to the global supply chain for products manufactured in areas affected by natural disasters that are included in products purchased either
by us or by our customers;
0 an increase in the cost of products that we purchase due to reduced supply; and
0 other unforeseen impacts as a result of the uncertainty resulting from a natural disaster.
We face additional risks associated with our operations in the PRC and our results of operations and ﬁnancial position may
be harmed by changes in the PR C ’s political, economic or social conditions.
We have, and expect to continue to have, signiﬁcant operations in the PRC. The economy of the PRC differs from the economies of many countries in
important respects such as structure, government involvement, level of development, growth rate, capital reinvestment, allocation of resources, self-
sufﬁciency, rate of inﬂation, foreign currency ﬂows and balance of payments position, among others. There can be no assurance that the PRC’s economic
policies will be consistent or effective and our results of operations and ﬁnancial position may be harmed by changes in the PRC’s political, economic or
social conditions.
Additionally, our Chinese subsidiary is considered a foreign-invested enterprise and is subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investment in the
PRC and, in particular, laws applicable to foreign-invested enterprises. For example, the PRC's government imposes control over the convertibility of RMB
into foreign currencies, which can cause difﬁculties converting cash held in RMB to other currencies. While the overall effect of legislation over the past two
decades has signiﬁcantly enhanced the protections afforded to various foreign investments in the PRC, the PRC has not developed a fully integrated legal
system, and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufﬁciently cover all aspects of economic activities in the PRC. Because these laws and
regulations are relatively new, and published court decisions are limited and nonbinding in nature, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws and
regulations involve uncertainties. In addition, the PRC's legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not
published on a timely basis or at all, which may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until
after the violation occurs. Any administrative and court proceedings in the PRC may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources
and management attention. However, since PRC administrative and court authorities have signiﬁcant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory
and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings. These uncertainties may also impede our
ability to enforce the contracts entered into by our PRC subsidiary and could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
16