Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting (as deﬁned in Rules 13a-15(i) and 15d-
15(f) under the Exchange Act) to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of ﬁnancial reporting and the preparation of ﬁnancial statements for
external purposes in accordance with US. generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP"). All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations.
We conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our system of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, the last day of our ﬁscal
year. This assessment was based on criteria established in the framework Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and included an evaluation of elements such as the design and operating effectiveness of key
ﬁnancial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control environment. Based on our assessment, management has
concluded that our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting was effective as of the end of the ﬁscal year to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of ﬁnancial reporting and the preparation of ﬁnancial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with US. GAAP. We reviewed the
results of management’s assessment with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.
The effectiveness of our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016 has been audited by KPMG LLP, our independent registered public
accounting ﬁrm, as stated in their report, which is presented below.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There were no changes to our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting (as deﬁned in Rules l3a-15(f) and 15 d—15(i) under the Exchange Act) that occurred
during the fourth quarter of 20 1 6 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting.
67