Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.
Interest Rate Risk
As of December 31, 2016, all of our cash equivalents were held in highly liquid money market accounts, accordingly, we do not have signiﬁcant exposure to
changes in interest rates.
Exchange Rate Risk
We are exposed to risks resulting from the ﬂuctuations of foreign currencies, primarily those of Japan, Taiwan, Korea and the People's Republic of China. We
sell our products to original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") that incorporate our products into other products that they sell outside of the US. While
sales of our products to OEMs are denominated in US. dollars, the products sold by OEMs are denominated in foreign currencies. Accordingly, any
strengthening of the US. dollar against these foreign currencies will increase the foreign currency price equivalent of our products, which could lead to a
change in the competitive nature of these products in the marketplace.
In addition, a portion of our operating expenses, such as employee salaries and foreign income taxes, are denominated in foreign currencies. Accordingly, our
operating results are aﬁ‘ected by changes in the exchange rate between the US. dollar and those currencies. Any ﬁiture strengthening of those currencies
against the US. dollar will negatively impact our operating results by increasing our operating expenses as measured in US. dollars. We analyze our
exposure to foreign currency ﬂuctuations and may engage in ﬁnancial hedging techniques in the future to attempt to minimize the effect of these potential
ﬂuctuations; however, foreign currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations may adversely affect our ﬁnancial results in the future.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
The following ﬁnancial statements and reports are included in Item 8:
onrt of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
ConsolidatedBalanc,e,She,ets,asofDecembeniL,2,0,1,6,and,2,0,1,5
Con solid ate,d,St atements,o,f,0p,eration s,for,the,years,en de,d,De,c,emb,er,3,l,.,2,0,1,6.,20,1,5,an d,2,0,L4,
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
Con solid ate,d,St atementsoﬂla sh,Elows,for,the,ye ars,endedDeoemberjl. 2,016, . ,2,0,1,5iand,20,1£l
Con solid ate,d,St atementsofShareholdersLEqﬂyjorjheyearsendedDecemberjl.,2,0,1,6,,2,0,1,5Ian d,2,0,L4,
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
4 1