Item 9B. Other Information.
Not applicable.
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Ofﬁcers and Corporate Governance.
Information required by Item 10 with respect to our directors and executive oﬁicers will be set forth under the captions "Election of Directors - Director
Nominees for Election" and "Information about our Executive Ofﬁcers" in our Proxy Statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the "2017
Proxy Statement") to be ﬁled within 120 days after December 31, 2016 and pursuant to Regulation 14A and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 405 of Regulation S-K calls for disclosure of any known late ﬁling or failure by an insider to ﬁle a report required by Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). This information is incorporated by reference from the Section called "Section 16(a) Beneﬁcial
Ownership Reporting Compliance" in the 2017 Proxy Statement.
We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all directors and employees, including the Chief Executive Officer (our Principal
Executive Ofﬁcer) and our Chief Financial Ofﬁcer (our Principal Accounting and Financial Officer). We have also adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior or
Designated Financial Personnel (the "Code of Ethics for Senior or Designated Financial Personnel") that applies to our Chief Executive Ofﬁcer (our Principal
Executive Ofﬁcer), our Chief Financial Ofﬁcer (our Principal Accounting and Financial Ofﬁcer) and other designated ﬁnancial personnel. The Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics and the Code of Ethics for Senior or Designated Financial Personnel are each available on our website free of charge at
www.pixelw0rks.com. We intend to disclose any changes in or waivers from our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or Code of Ethics for Senior or
Designated Financial Personnel by posting such information on our website at www.pixelworks.com or by ﬁling a Current Report on Form 8—K.
We have a separately designated standing audit committee established in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The members of the audit
committee are Daniel Heneghan, Chairman, C. Scott Gibson and Richard Sanquini. The audit committee has the responsibility and authority described in the
Pixelworks, Inc. Charter of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which has been approved by our board of directors. A copy of the audit committee
charter is available on our website at www.pixelwarks.,cam. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Heneghan, Mr. Gibson and Mr. Sanquini meet the
independence requirements set forth in Rule 10A—3 (b)(1) under the Exchange Act and in the applicable rules of the NASDAQ. In addition, our board of
directors has determined that Mr. Heneghan, Mr. Gibson and Mr. Sanquini each qualify as an audit committee ﬁnancial expert as deﬁned by Securities and
Exchange Commission rules.
Item 11. Executive Compensation.
Information required by Item 1 1 with respect to executive compensation will be included under the captions "Compensation Committee Report", "Executive
Compensation", "Executive Compensation - Compensation Discussion and Analysis" and "Information About Our Board of Directors - Director
Compensation" in our 2017 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneﬁcial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
Information required by Item 12 with respect to security ownership of certain beneﬁcial owners and management and related stockholder matters will be
included under the captions "Security Ownership of Certain Beneﬁcial Owners and Management" and "Information about our Equity Compensation Plans" in
our 2017 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.
Information required by Item 13 with respect to certain relationships and related transactions and director independence will be included under the captions
"Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" and "Information About Our Board of Directors" in our 2017 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by
reference.
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.
Information required by Item 14 with respect to principal accounting fees and services will be set forth under the caption "Information About Our
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" in our 2017 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
69