IP claims could subject us to signiﬁcant liability for damages and invalidate our proprietary rights. Responding to such claims, regardless of their merit, can
be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, divert management’s attention and resources and cause us to incur signiﬁcant expenses. As each claim is
evaluated, we may consider the desirability of entering into settlement or licensing agreements. No assurance can be given that settlements will occur or that
licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur. In the event there is a temporary or permanent injunction entered prohibiting us
from marketing or selling certain of our products, or a successful claim of inﬁingement against us requiring us to pay damages or royalties to a third-party and
we fail to develop or license a substitute technology, our business, results of operations or ﬁnancial condition could be materially adversely affected. Any IP
litigation or claims also could force us to do one or more of the following:
° stop selling products using technology that contains the allegedly inﬁinging IP;
0 attempt to obtain a license to the relevant IP, which may not be available on terms that are acceptable to us or at all;
- attempt to redesign those products that contain the allegedly inﬁinging IP; or
0 pay damages for past inﬁingement claims that are determined to be valid or which are arrived at in settlement of such litigation or threatened
litigation.
If we are forced to take any of the foregoing actions, we may incur signiﬁcant additional costs or be unable to manufacture and sell our products, which could
seriously harm our business. In addition, we may not be able to develop, license or acquire non-inﬁinging technology under reasonable terms. These
developments could result in an inability to compete for customers or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations.
Our products are characterized by average selling prices that can decline over relatively short periods of time, which will negatively aﬁ’ect our ﬁnancial
results unless we are able to reduce our product costs or introduce new products with higher average selling prices.
Average selling prices for our products can decline over relatively short periods of time, while many of our product costs are ﬁxed. When our average selling
prices decline, our gross proﬁt declines unless we are able to sell more units or reduce the cost to manufacture our products. We have experienced declines in
our average selling prices and expect that we will continue to experience them in the future, although we cannot predict when they may occur or how severe
they will be. Our ﬁnancial results will suffer if we are unable to offset any reductions in our average selling prices by increasing our sales volumes, reducing
our costs, adding new features to our existing products or developing new or enhanced products in a timely manner with higher selling prices or gross proﬁts.
The cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry may lead to significant variances in the demand for our products and could harm our operations.
In the past, the semiconductor industry has been characterized by signiﬁcant downturns and wide ﬂuctuations in supply and demand. Also, the industry has
experienced signiﬁcant ﬂuctuations in anticipation of changes in general economic conditions, including economic conditions in Asia, Europe and North
America. The cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry has also led to signiﬁcant variances in product demand and production capacity. We have
experienced, and may continue to experience, periodic ﬂuctuations in our ﬁnancial results because of changes in industry-wide conditions.
24