Research and Development
Our research and development efforts are focused on the development of our solutions for the mobile device and digital projector markets. Our development
efforts are focused on pursuing higher levels of video performance, integration and new features in order to provide our customers with solutions that enable
them to introduce market leading products and help lower ﬁnal systems costs.
We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, signiﬁcant resources in research and development activities. Our research and development expenses
were $19.0 million, $24.6 million and $25.3 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Manufacturing
Within the semiconductor industry we are known as a "fabless" company, meaning that we do not manufacture the semiconductors that we design and
develop, but instead contract with a limited number of foundries and assembly and test vendors to produce all of our wafers and for completion of ﬁnished
products. The fabless approach allows us to concentrate our resources on product design and development where we believe we have greater competitive
advantages.
See "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on risks related to our manufacturing strategy and processes.
Intellectual Property
We rely on a combination of nondisclosure agreements and patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws to protect the algorithms, design and
architecture of our technology. As of December 31, 2016, we held 148 patents and have 20 patent applications pending, compared to 135 patents and 33
patent applications pending as of December 31, 2015. These patents relate generally to improvements in the Visual display of digital image data including,
but not limited to, improvements in image scaling, image correction, automatic image optimization and video signal processing for digital displays. Our U.S.
and foreign patents are generally enforceable for 20 years from the date they were ﬁled. Accordingly, our issued patents have from approximately 1 to
19 years remaining in their respective term, depending on their ﬁling dates. We believe that the remaining term of our patents is adequate relative to the
expected lives of our related products.
We intend to seek patent protection for other signiﬁcant technologies that we have already developed and expect to seek patent protection for ﬁiture
products and technologies as necessary. Patents may not be issued as a result of any pending applications and any claims allowed under issued patents may
be insufﬁciently broad to protect our technology. Existing or future patents may be invalidated, diluted, circumvented, challenged or licensed to others.
Furthermore, the laws of certain foreign countries in which our products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold, including various countries in Asia,
may not protect our products or intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the US. and, thus, make the possibility of piracy of our
technology and products more likely in these countries.
The semiconductor industry is characterized by vigorous protection of intellectual property rights, which have resulted in signiﬁcant and often protracted
and expensive litigation. We, our customers or our foundries from time to time may be notiﬁed of claims that we may be inﬁinging patents or other
intellectual property rights owned by third parties. Litigation by or against us relating to patent infringement or other intellectual property matters could
result in signiﬁcant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, whether or not such litigation results in a determination
favorable to us. In the event of an adverse result in any such litigation, we could be required to pay substantial damages, cease the manufacture, use and sale
of infringing products, expend signiﬁcant resources to develop non-infringing technology, discontinue the use of certain processes or obtain licenses to the
inﬁinging technology. We may not be able to settle any alleged patent inﬁingement claim through a cross-licensing arrangement. In the event any third party
made a valid claim against us, our customers or our foundries, and a license was not made available to us on terms that are acceptable to us or at all, we would
be adversely affected.
See "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A, and "Note 7: Commitments and Contingencies" in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on
various risks related to intellectual property.
Environmental Matters
Environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. We have incurred, and may
continue to incur, signiﬁcant expenditures to comply with these laws and regulations and we may incur additional capital expenditures and asset
impairments to ensure that our products and our vendors’ products are in compliance with these regulations. We would be subject to signiﬁcant penalties for
failure to comply with these laws and regulations.
See "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on various environmental risks.
10