In addition, any such issuance by us or sales of our securities by our security holders, including by any of our affiliates, or the perception that such issuances
or sales could occur, could negatively impact the market price of our securities. For example, a number of shareholders, including John A. Kryzanowski and
Heartland Advisors, Inc., own signiﬁcant blocks of our common stock. Ifone or more of these shareholders were to sell large portions of their holdings in a
relatively short time, for liquidity or other reasons, the prevailing market price of our common stock could be negatively affected. This could result in further
potential dilution to our existing shareholders and the impairment of our ability to raise capital through the sale of equity, debt or other securities.
We may be unable to maintain compliance with NASDAQMarketplace Rules which could cause our common stock to be delisted from the NASDAQ
Global Market. This could result in the lack of a market for our common stock, cause a decrease in the value of our common stock, and adversely affect
our business, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
Under the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules our common stock must maintain a minimum price of $ 1 .00 per share for continued inclusion on the NASDAQ
Global Market. Our stock price was previously below $1.00 on May 6, 2009 and we cannot guarantee that our stock price will remain at or above $1.00 per
share. If the price again drops below $1.00 per share, our stock could become subject to delisting, and we may seek shareholder approval for a reverse split,
which in turn could produce adverse effects and may not result in a long-term or permanent increase in the price of our common stock.
In addition to the minimum $1.00 per share requirement, the NASDAQ Global Market has other listing requirements, including: (i) a minimum of $50.0
million in total asset value and $50.0 million in revenues in the latest ﬁscal year or in two of the last three ﬁscal years; (ii) a minimum of $50.0 million in
market value of listed securities, $15 .0 million in market value of publicly held securities and at least 1.1 million publicly held shares; or (iii) a minimum of
$10.0 million in shareholders' equity. As of December 31, 2016, we were in compliance with these listing requirements based on the market value and
holdings of our listed securities, and on the amount of shareholders' equity. However, as recently as June 30, 2013, our shareholders’ equity was below $10.0
million and we currently have, and expect to continue to have, a total asset value of less than $50.0 million. In addition, as recently as during the ﬁrst quarter
of 20 l 6, the aggregate market value of our listed securities was below $50.0 million. Our stock price is volatile and we believe that we continue to remain
susceptible to the market value of our listed securities and/or the market value of our publicly held securities falling below $5 0.0 million and $15.0 million,
respectively. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to comply with the NASDAQ’s listing requirements. Should we be unable to
remain in compliance with these requirements, our stock could become subject to
delisting.
If our common stock is delisted, trading of the stock will most likely take place on an over-the-counter market established for unlisted securities. An investor
is likely to ﬁnd it less convenient to sell, or to obtain accurate quotations in seeking to buy, our common stock on an over-the-counter market, and many
investors may not buy or sell our common stock due to difﬁculty in accessing over-the-counter markets, or due to policies preventing them from trading in
securities not listed on a national exchange or other reasons. For these reasons and others, delisting would adversely affect the liquidity, trading volume and
price of our common stock, causing the value of an investment in us to decrease and having an adverse effect on our business, ﬁnancial condition and results
of operations by limiting our ability to attract and retain qualiﬁed executives and employees and limiting our ability to raise capital.
The continued uncertain global economic environment and volatility in global credit and financial markets could materially and adversely aﬁ’ect our
business and results of operations.
The state of the global economy continues to be uncertain. As a result of these conditions, our manufacturers, vendors and customers might experience
deterioration of their businesses, cash ﬂow shortages and difficulty obtaining ﬁnancing which could result in interruptions or delays in the performance of
any contracts, reductions and delays in customer purchases, delays in or the inability of customers to obtain ﬁnancing to purchase our products, and
bankruptcy of customers. Furthermore, the constraints in the capital and credit markets, may limit the ability of our customers to meet their liquidity needs,
which could result in an impairment of their ability to make timely payments to us and reduce their demand for our products, adversely impacting our results
of operations and cash ﬂows. This environment has also made it diﬁicult for us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities.
26