Qpital resources
Equity offering
On August 12, 2015, we completed the sale of 3,737,5 00 shares of common stock in an underwritten registered offering at a price to the public of $4.75 per
share. Net proceeds to the Company, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other expenses payable by us, were approximately $16.4
million.
Short—term line of credit
On December 21, 2010, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank (the "Bank"), which was later amended on December 14,
2012, December 4, 2013, December 18, 2015 and December 15, 2016 (as amended, the "Revolving Loan Agreement"). The Revolving Loan Agreement
provides a secured working capital—based revolving line of credit (the "Revolving Line") in an aggregate amount of up to the lesser of (i) $10.0 million, or
(ii) $1.0 million plus 80% of eligible domestic accounts receivable and certain foreign accounts receivable. The Revolving Line has a maturity date of
December 29, 2017. In addition, the Revolving Loan Agreement provides for non—formula advances of up to $10.0 million which may be made solely during
the last ﬁve business days of any ﬁscal month or quarter and which must be repaid by the Company on or before the ﬁfth business day after the applicable
ﬁscal month or quarter end. Due to their repayment terms, non-formula advances do not provide the Company with usable liquidity.
The Revolving Loan Agreement, as amended, contains customary affirmative and negative covenants as well as customary events of default. The occurrence
of an event of default could result in the acceleration of the Company's obligations under the Revolving Loan Agreement, as amended, and an increase to the
applicable interest rate, and would permit the Bank to exercise remedies with respect to its security interest. As of December 31, 2016, we were in compliance
with all of the terms of the Revolving Loan Agreement, as amended.
As of December 31, 2016, we had no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Line. Short-term borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Line as of
December 31, 2015 consisted of a non-formula advance of $3 .0 million which was repaid within required terms.
Qquidity:
As of December 31, 2016, we had no short- or long-term debt and our cash and cash equivalents balance was highly liquid. We anticipate that our existing
working capital will be adequate to fund our operating, investing and ﬁnancing needs for the next twelve months. We may pursue ﬁnancing arrangements
including the issuance of debt or equity securities or reduce expenditures, or both, to meet the Company’s cash requirements. There is no assurance that, if
required, we will be able to raise additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide the required liquidity which, in turn, may have an adverse
effect on our results of operations, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows.
From time to time, we may evaluate acquisitions of businesses, products or technologies that complement our business. Any transactions, if consummated,
may consume a material portion of our working capital or require the issuance of equity securities that may result in dilution to existing shareholders. Our
ability to generate cash from operations is also subject to substantial risks described in Part I, “Item 1A., Risk Factors.” If any of these risks occur, we may be
unable to generate or sustain positive cash ﬂow from operating activities. We would then be required to use existing cash and cash equivalents to support our
working capital and other cash requirements. If additional ﬁlnds are required to support our working capital requirements, acquisitions or other purposes, we
may seek to raise funds through debt ﬁnancing, equity ﬁnancing or from other sources. Ifwe raise additional ﬁmds through the issuance of equity or
convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our shareholders could be signiﬁcantly diluted, and these newly-issued securities may have rights,
preferences or privileges senior to those of existing shareholders. If we raise additional ﬁmds by obtaining loans from third parties, the terms of those
ﬁnancing arrangements may include negative covenants or other restrictions on our business that could impair our operating ﬂexibility, and would also
require us to incur interest expense. We can provide no assurance that additional ﬁnancing will be available at all or, if available, that we would be able to
obtain additional ﬁnancing on terms favorable to us.
3 8