favorable terms or at all. We also cannot ensure that licensees will honor agreed-upon market restrictions, not inﬁinge upon or misappropriate our intellectual
property or maintain the conﬁdentiality of our proprietary information.
IP license agreements are complex and earning and recognizing revenue under these agreements depends upon many factors, including completion of
milestones, allocation of values to delivered items and customer acceptances. Many of these factors require signiﬁcant judgments. Also, generating revenue
from these arrangements is a lengthy and complex process that may last beyond the period in which efforts begin and, once an agreement is in place, the
timing of revenue recognition may depend on events such as customer acceptance of deliverables, achievement of milestones, our ability to track and report
progress on contracts, customer commercialization of the licensed technology and other factors, any or all of which may or may not be achieved. The
accounting rules associated with recognizing revenue from these transactions are complex and subject to interpretation. Due to these factors, the amount of
licensing revenue recognized in any period, if any, and our results of operations, may differ signiﬁcantly from our expectations.
Finally, because licensing revenue typically has a higher margin compared to product sales, licensing revenue can have a disproportionate impact on our
gross proﬁt and results of operations. There is no assurance that we will be able to maintain a consistent level of licensing revenue or mix of licensing
revenue and revenue from product sales, which could result in wide ﬂuctuations in our results of operations from period to period, making it difﬁcult to
accurately measure the performance of our business.
Our net operating loss carryforwards may be limited or they may expire before utilization.
As of December 31, 2016, we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $226.0 million and $11.5 million, respectively, which
expire between 2017 and 2036. These net operating loss carryforwards may be used to offset ﬁiture taxable income and thereby reduce our income taxes
otherwise payable. However, we cannot assure you that we will have taxable income in the future before all or a portion of these net operating loss
carryforwards expire. Additionally, our federal net operating losses may be limited by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code"), which imposes an annual limit on the ability of a corporation that undergoes an "ownership change" to use its net operating loss carryforwards to
reduce its tax liability. An ownership change is generally deﬁned as a greater than 50% increase in equity ownership by 5% shareholders in any three-year
period. In the event of certain changes in our shareholder base, we may at some time in the future experience an "ownership change" and the use of our federal
net operating loss carryforwards may be limited.
We face a number of risks as a result of the concentration of our operations and customers in Asia.
Many of our customers are located in Japan, the People’s Republic of China ("PRC"), Korea, or Taiwan. Sales outside the U.S. accounted for approximately
100% , 100% and 94% of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. We anticipate that sales outside the U.S. will
continue to account for a substantial portion of our revenue in future periods. In addition, customers who incorporate our products into their products sell a
substantial portion of their products outside of the U.S. All of our products are also manufactured outside of the U.S. and most of our current manufacturers are
located in the PRC, Taiwan, or Singapore. Furthermore, most of our employees are located in the PRC, Japan and Taiwan. Our Asian operations require
signiﬁcant management attention and resources, and we are subject to many risks associated with operations in Asia, including, but not limited to:
0 difﬁculties in managing international distributors and manufacturers due to varying time zones, languages and business customs;
- compliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the U.S., such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;
0 reduced or limited protection of our IP, particularly in software, which is more prone to design piracy;
° difﬁculties in collecting outstanding accounts receivable balances;
° changes in tax rates, tax laws and the interpretation of those laws;
° difﬁculties regarding timing and availability of export and import licenses;
° ensuring that we obtain complete and accurate information from our Asian operations to make proper disclosures in the United States;
0 political and economic instability;
° difﬁculties in maintaining sales representatives outside of the U.S. that are knowledgeable about our industry and products;
15