Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.
Overview
Pixelworks designs, develops and markets Video processing semiconductors, intellectual property cores, software and custom ASIC solutions for high-quality
energy efﬁcient digital Video applications. Our products enable our customers to deliver the highest energy efﬁcient video quality on their devices. Our core
video display processing technology intelligently processes video signals from a variety of sources and optimizes the image for the viewer. The rapid growth
in video—capable consumption devices, especially mobile, has increased the demand for Video display processing technology in recent years. Our
technologies can be applied to a wide range of devices from large-screen projectors to low power mobile tablets and smartphones. Our products are
architected and optimized for power, cost, bandwidth, and overall system performance, according to the application requirements. Our primary target markets
include digital projection systems, tablets, and smartphones.
As of December 31, 2016, we had an intellectual property portfolio of 148 patents related to the Visual display of digital image data. We focus our research
and development efforts on developing video algorithms that improve quality, and architectures that reduce system power, cost, bandwidth and increase
overall system performance and device ﬁlnctionality. We seek to expand our technology portfolio through internal development and co—development with
business partners, and we continually evaluate acquisition opportunities and other ways to leverage our technology into other high-value markets.
Pixelworks was founded in 1997 and is incorporated under the laws of the state of Oregon.
Historically, signiﬁcant portions of our revenue have been generated by sales to a relatively small number of end customers and distributors. We sell our
products worldwide through a direct sales force, distributors and manufacturers’ representatives. We sell to distributors in China, Europe, Japan, Korea,
Southeast Asia, Taiwan and the U.S., and our manufacturers’ representatives support some of our Korean and European sales. Our distributors typically
provide engineering support to our end customers and often have valuable and established relationships with our end customers. In certain countries in which
we operate, it is customary to sell to distributors. While distributor payment to us is not dependent upon the distributor’s ability to resell the product or to
collect from the end customer, the distributors may provide longer payment terms to end customers than those we would offer.
Signiﬁcant portions of our products are sold overseas. Sales outside the US. accounted for approximately 100%, 100% and 94% of revenue in 2016, 2015
and 2014, respectively. Our integrators, branded manufacturers and branded suppliers incorporate our products into systems that are sold worldwide. All of
our revenue to date has been denominated in US. dollars.
Seasonality
Our business is subject to seasonality related to the markets we serve and the location of our customers. We have historically experienced higher revenue
from the digital projector market in the third quarter of the year, and lower revenue in the ﬁrst quarter of the year, as our Japanese customers reduce
inventories in anticipation of their March 31 ﬁscal year end.
32