We depend on manufacturers of our semiconductor products not only to respond to changes in technology and industry standards but also to continue the
manufacturing processes on which we rely.
To respond effectively to changes in technology and industry standards, we depend on our foundries to implement advanced semiconductor technologies
and our operations could be adversely affected if those technologies are unavailable, delayed or inefﬁciently implemented. In order to increase performance
and functionality and reduce the size of our products, we are continuously developing new products using advanced technologies that further miniaturize
semiconductors and we are dependent on our foundries to develop and provide access to the advanced processes that enable such miniaturization. We cannot
be certain that future advanced manufacturing processes will be implemented without difﬁculties, delays or increased expenses. Our business, ﬁnancial
condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected if advanced manufacturing processes are unavailable to us, substantially delayed or
inefﬁciently implemented.
Creating the capacity for new technological changes may cause manufacturers to discontinue older manufacturing processes in favor of newer ones. We must
then either retire the aﬁ‘ected part or port (develop) a new version of the part that can be manufactured with a newer process technology. In the event that a
manufacturing process is discontinued, our current suppliers may be unwilling or unable to manufacture our current products. We may not be able to place
last time buy orders for the old technology or ﬁnd alternate manufacturers of our products to allow us to continue to produce products with the older
technology while we expend the signiﬁcant costs for research and development and time to migrate to new, more advanced processes. For example, we utilize
0.18um and 0.15um standard logic processes, which may only be available for the next ﬁve to seven years. Additionally, a portion of our products use
0.11um technology for memory die, which is being phased out in favor of 63nm technology to increase yields and decrease cost. Because of this transition,
our customers must re-qualify the affected parts.
Shortages of materials used in the manufacturing of our products and other key components of our customers’ products may increase our costs, impair our
ability to ship our products on time and delay our ability to sell our products.
From time to time, shortages of components and materials that are critical to the manufacture of our products and our customers’ products may occur. Such
critical components and materials include semiconductor wafers and packages, double data rate memory die, display components, analog-to-digital
converters, digital receivers, video decoders and voltage regulators. If material shortages occur, we may incur additional costs or be unable to ship our
products to our customers in a timely fashion, both of which could harm our business and adversely affect our results of operations.
Because of our long product development process and sales cycles, we may incur substantial costs before we earn associated revenue and ultimately may
not sell as many units of our products as we originally anticipated.
We develop products based on anticipated market and customer requirements and incur substantial product development expenditures, which can include
the payment of large up-front, third—party license fees and royalties, prior to generating associated revenue. Our work under these projects is technically
challenging and places considerable demands on our limited resources, particularly on our most senior engineering talent. Additionally, the transition to
smaller geometry process technologies continues to signiﬁcantly increase the cost and complexity of new product development, particularly with regards to
tooling, software tools, third party IP and engineering resources. Because the development of our products incorporates not only our complex and evolving
technology, but also our customers’ speciﬁc requirements, a lengthy sales process is often required before potential customers begin the technical evaluation
of our products. Our customers typically perform numerous tests and extensively evaluate our products before incorporating them into their systems. The time
required for testing, evaluation and design of our products into a customer’s system can take nine months or more. It can take an additional nine months or
longer before a customer commences volume shipments of systems that incorporate our products, if at all. Because of the lengthy development and sales
cycles, we will experience delays between the time we incur expenditures for research and development, sales and marketing and inventory and the time we
generate revenue, if any, from these expenditures.
Furthermore, we have entered into and may in the future enter into, co-development agreements that do not guarantee ﬁlture sales volumes and limit our
ability to sell the developed products to other customers. The exclusive nature of these development agreements increases our dependence on individual
customers, particularly since we are limited in the number of products we are able to develop at any one time.
If actual sales volumes for a particular product are substantially less than originally anticipated, we may experience large write-offs of capitalized license fees,
software development tools, product masks, inventories or other capitalized or deferred product-related costs, any of which would negatively affect our
operating results.
22