Table,of,Contents
redemption rates of eligible students vary based on their term of enrollment. As of December 31, 2016, we had deferred $29.5
million for estimated redemptions earned under the Graduation Fund. Each quarter we assess our methodologies and assumptions
underlying our estimates for persistence and estimated redemptions based on actual experience. To date, any adjustments to our
estimates have not been material. However, if actual persistence or redemption rates change, adjustments to the reserve may be
necessary and could be material.
Tuition receivable — We record estimates for our allowance for doubtful accounts for tuition receivable from students
primarily based on our historical collection rates by age of receivable, net of recoveries, and consideration of other relevant
factors. Our experience is that payment of outstanding balances is significantly inﬂuenced by whether the student returns to the
institution as we require students to make payment arrangements for their outstanding balances prior to enrollment. Therefore, we
monitor outstanding tuition receivable balances through subsequent terms, increasing the reserve on such balances over time as
the likelihood of returning to the institution diminishes and our historical experience indicates collection is less likely. We
periodically assess our methodologies for estimating bad debts in consideration of actual experience. If the financial condition of
our students were to deteriorate, resulting in evidence of impairment of their ability to make required payments for tuition payable
to us, additional allowances or write-offs may be required. During 2015 and 2016, our bad debt expense was 3.0% and 3.7% of
revenue, respectively. A change in our allowance for doubtful accounts of 1% of gross tuition receivable as of December 31, 2016
would have changed our income from operations by approximately $0.3 million.
Accrued lease and related costs — We estimate potential sublease income and vacancy periods for space that is not in use,
adjusting our estimates when circumstances change. If our estimates change or if we enter into subleases at rates that are
substantially different than our current estimates, we will adjust our liability for lease and related costs. In 2015 and 2016, we
reduced our liability for leases by approximately $0.4 million and $1.9 million, respectively.
Other estimates — We record estimates for contingent consideration, certain of our accrued expenses, and income tax
liabilities. We estimate the useful lives of our property and equipment. We assess goodwill and intangible assets for impairment.
We periodically review our assumed forfeiture rates and ability to achieve performance targets for stock-based awards and adjust
them as necessary. Should actual results differ from our estimates, revisions to our accrued expenses, carrying amount of
goodwill and intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, and income tax liabilities may be required.
Results of Operations
In 2016, our revenues increased 2% to $441.1 million compared to 2015, principally due to a 3% increase in average
enrollment offset by a 1% decline in average revenue per student. Income from operations was $57.5 million in 2016, and
includes approximately $3.2 million in noncash adjustments related to the Company’s restructuring implemented in the fourth
quarter of 2013, and the acquisition of NYCDA. Income from operations in 2015 was $69.7 million, which includes $0.4 million
in noncash adjustments related to the Company’s restructuring implemented in the fourth quarter of 2013. Net income in 2016
was $34.8 million, including approximately $2.5 million in after-tax benefits from the noncash adjustments, compared to $40.0
million for the same period in 2015, which reﬂected approximately $0.3 million in noncash charges. Diluted earnings per share
was $3.21 compared to $3.73 for the same period in 2015. Diluted earnings per share for 2016 includes $0.23 per share in after-
tax earnings related to the noncash adjustments and diluted earnings per share for 2015 reﬂects approximately $0.03 per share in
the noncash adjustments.
49