Table,of,Contents
Department of Education regulations deﬁne a change of control as occurring when a person or entity acquires ownership and
control of a corporation, such that the corporation is required to file a Form 8-K with the SEC publicly disclosing the change of
control. The regulations also provide that a change in ownership and control of a publicly traded corporation occurs if a person or
entity who is a controlling stockholder of the corporation ceases to be a controlling stockholder. A controlling stockholder is a
stockholder who holds, or controls through agreement, at least 25% of the total outstanding voting stock of the corporation and
more shares of voting stock than any other stockholder.
The US. Department of Homeland Security, working with the US. Department of State, has implemented a mandatory
electronic reporting system for schools that enroll foreign students and exchange visitors. Strayer University currently is
authorized by the US. Department of Homeland Security to admit foreign students for study in the United States subject to
applicable requirements. In certain circumstances, the Department of Homeland Security may require an institution to obtain
approval for a change in ownership and control.
Pursuant to federal law providing benefits for veterans and reservists, some of the programs offered by Strayer University
are approved for the enrollment of persons eligible to receive US. Department of Veterans Affairs educational benefits by the
state approving agencies. In 2016, we had such approval in Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Maryland,
Mississippi, New Jersey, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, West Virginia, Wisconsin,
and Washington, DC. In certain circumstances, state approving agencies may require an institution to obtain approval for a
change in ownership and control.
If Strayer University underwent a change of control that required approval by any state authority, Middle States or any
federal agency, and such approval were significantly delayed, limited or denied, there could be a material adverse effect on
Strayer University’s ability to offer certain educational programs, award certain degrees, diplomas or certiﬁcates, operate one or
more of its locations, admit certain students or participate in Title IV programs, which in turn could materially and adversely
affect Strayer University’s operations. A change that required approval by a state regulatory authority, Middle States or a federal
agency could also delay Strayer University’s ability to establish new campuses or educational programs and may have other
adverse regulatory effects. Furthermore, the suspension from Title IV programs and the necessity of obtaining regulatory
approvals in connection with a change of control could materially limit Strayer University’s ﬂexibility in future ﬁnancing or
acquisition transactions.
Legislative and Regulatory Activity
Congress, from time to time, considers legislation that would make changes in the Higher Education Act and other
education-related federal laws. The Department of Education and other federal agencies similarly consider new regulations and
regulatory amendments. State legislatures and agencies and accreditors likewise periodically change their laws, regulations, and
standards. Such activity may adversely affect enrollment in for-profit educational institutions. Although legislative and regulatory
activity in recent years has had a negative impact on the for-proﬁt post-secondary education industry as a whole, we cannot
predict the impact, if any, on our long-term business model of recent, pending, or possible future legislative or regulatory
changes.
Congress
Congress historically has reauthorized the Higher Education Act (“HEA”), which is the law governing Title IV programs,
approximately every five to six years. In 2008, Congress reauthorized the HEA through the end of 2013. Congress has held
hearings regarding the reauthorization of the HEA and continued to consider new legislation regarding the passage thereof.
Despite inaction on reauthorization of the Higher Education Act, Congress extended funding for Title IV through September 30,
2017, through the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016. We cannot predict what the final reauthorization will or will not do, or
when or how it will be enacted, or its effects on Strayer University.
Congress continues to show interest in regulation and oversight of institutions of higher education, especially proprietary
institutions. For example, on March 23, 2016, Rep. Patrick Meehan (R-PA) introduced the legislation that would require
institutions of higher education to disclose the percentages of tuition revenue that go to speciﬁc institutional expenses, such as
marketing, and conspicuously post such information for prospective students. On January
28