Table,of,Contents
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants 0 11 Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedure s
The Company’s management, with the participation of its Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer has evaluated
the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2016. Based upon such review, the
Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer have concluded that the Company had in place, as of December 31, 2016,
effective controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company (including
consolidated subsidiaries) in the reports it ﬁles or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules
thereunder, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods speciﬁed in the Commission’s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by an issuer in reports it ﬁles or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to the Company’s management, including its principal executive ofﬁcer or ofﬁcers and principal ﬁnancial
ofﬁcer or ofﬁcers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting, as such term is deﬁned in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of ﬁnancial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of ﬁnancial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the ﬁnancial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s principal executive officer and principal financial ofﬁcer,
the Company’s management assessed the effectiveness of the registrant’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December
31, 2016, based on the framework in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment under the framework in Internal Control — Integrated
Framework , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2016.
The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016 has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting ﬁrm, as stated in their report which appears herein.
Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting
The Company’s Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer have evaluated any changes in the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2016, and have concluded that there was no
change during such quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control
over ﬁnancial reporting.
Item 9B. Other Informatio 11
None
83