Table,of,Contents
Dr. Carol Shapiro, MD* Dr. Shapiro was elected to the Board of Trustees in 2015. Dr. Shapiro, a plastic surgeon,
is the Medical Director of the Wound Healing Center of Sentara Northern Virginia
Medical Center. She has served as President of the medical staff of the two hOSpitals in
the county in which she practices. She has also served as President of the Prince William
County Medical Society and was the first woman to be elected President of the Medical
Society of Virginia. She chaired the Virginia Delegation of the American Medical
Society. Dr. Shapiro served as President of the National Capital Society of Plastic
Surgeons, and was appointed to serve on the Ethics and Judicial Committees of the
American Society of Plastic Surgeons. Additionally, she has served on the Board of
Trustees of the Prince William Hospital and Potomac HOSpital. Currently, she is the Vice
Chair of the Potomac Health Foundation and Chair of the Grants Committee, and serves
on the Board of Trustees of Sentara Northern Virginia Medical Center. Dr. Shapiro did
her undergraduate work at the University of Pittsburgh and earned her MD at the
Woman’s Medical College in Philadelphia. After completing a residency in General
Surgery and Plastic Surgery at Georgetown University, she started a solo practice in
Woodbridge, Virginia. For several years, Dr. Shapiro was a Clinical Instructor at
Georgetown University Department of Plastic Surgery. In 1996, she earned an MBA from
George Mason University.
Dr. J. Chris Toe* Dr. Toe has served as a member of the Board of Trustees since 2003. He served as
President of Strayer University from 2003 to April 2006 and as Minister of Agriculture of
the Republic of Liberia from 2006 to 2009. Dr. Toe now serves as Executive Chairman of
Agrifore Advisory & Investment Services (AAIS), Incorporated in Liberia and Senior
Advisor for Country Strategic Planning for the World Food Programme in Rome, Italy.
Dr. Toe holds a bachelor’s degree in economics from the University of Liberia, and a
master’s degree in agricultural economics and a doctorate in economics, both from Texas
Tech University.
* Independent member.
Within the academic, strategic and financial parameters set by the Board of Trustees, the University is managed on a daily
basis by the University President. The President is charged with the responsibility of overseeing the implementation of the
policies established by the Board of Trustees and is supported in this function by senior administrative officers, including the
Provost/Chief Academic Officer and the Chief Operating Officer of the University. The majority of the University’s operations
are centralized within the President’s Ofﬁce or the University’s senior administrative staff offices. These operations include
academic programs, academic intelligence, academic services, student affairs, academic records, accounting and auditing, human
resources, operations, marketing, public relations, facilities, information technology, and regulatory compliance, including
oversight of the University’s participation in federal student financial aid programs.
Within this centralized structure, responsibilities fit within the purview of either the Provost/Chief Academic Officer or the
Chief Operating Ofﬁcer, both of whom report to the University President. The senior administrative ofﬁcers that support the
Provost/Chief Academic Officer in performing academic functions include six Academic Program Directors, a Vice President of
Student and Faculty Resources, a Dean of Students in Student Affairs, a Vice President of Faculty, a Vice President of
Institutional Research, and a Vice President for Content. Together, these individuals are responsible for faculty hiring and
management, faculty development, curriculum development, student complaint resolution, policy oversight, student learning
resources, and student learning outcomes. Each academic function receives further support from the University Registrar.
Operational functions including Student Financial Services, Information Technology, and campus operations are the primary
responsibility of the Chief Operating Officer of the University. Other senior administrative ofﬁcers also support the President in
areas such as legal compliance, accounting and auditing, computer technology, insurance and human resources. All of the senior
administrative officers collaborate to ensure that University operations meet the annual budget established by the Board of
Trustees and all applicable regulatory requirements.
1 0