Table,of,Contents
correspondence course within the past five years, refund policies specific to the state, and applicable licensure or certiﬁcation
requirements for a career that the program prepares a student to enter. An institution must disclose directly to all prospective
students if a distance education or correspondence course does not meet the licensure or certiﬁcation requirements for a state. An
institution must disclose to each current and prospective student when an adverse action is taken against a distance education or
correspondence program and any determination that a program ceases to meet licensure or certification requirements.
If an institution’s distance education program is found not to be in compliance, the institution may lose its ability to award
Title IV funds for that distance education program.
State Authorization Reciprocity Agreement (SARA)
Varying state regulations, fees, and paperwork embedded in the many different state approaches to regulation of post-
secondary institutions has limited the ability of growth across state lines to offer students high quality choices for education and
has hindered national workforce initiatives. As a solution to the ever-growing complexity of the regulatory oversight of
institutions of higher learning on a state by state basis, the State Authorization Reciprocity Agreement (SARA) has emerged to
aid in the advancement of distance education.
The State Authorization Reciprocity Agreement (SARA) is intended to make it easier for students to take online courses
offered by post-secondary institutions based in another state, while also facilitating more effective and efficient oversight and
monitoring processes nationally for the benefit of states and institutions. On December 2, 2016, Strayer University became a
participant in SARA, and, as a participant in SARA, Strayer University may offer online courses and other forms of distance
education to students in any participating SARA state without having to seek any new state institutional approval beyond its home
state (Washington, DC.) Strayer University’s home state, in turn, will continually monitor the institution’s compliance with
SARA standards. With this initiative, Strayer University will be able to expand its distance education offerings with increased
consistency and ease.
The reciprocity agreement does not impact Strayer University operations that constitute a physical presence in a particular
state, and the University will continue to follow individual state regulations for its on-ground campuses and activities. To the
extent that such approval is required by state law, the University also must obtain approval from each state that is not a SARA
member (i.e., California, Florida, Massachusetts) if the University seeks to enroll students from those states in the University’s
distance education programs. At this time, SARA does not deal with professional licensing board approval for programs leading
to state licensing in fields such as nursing, teacher education, psychology, and the like, and Strayer University must seek such
approvals on a state-by-state basis, as needed.
Other Approvals
Strayer University is approved by appropriate authorities for the education of active duty military personnel and qualifying
family members, veterans and members of the selected reserve and their spouses and dependents, as well as for the rehabilitation
of veterans. In addition, Strayer University is authorized by the US. Department of Homeland Security to admit foreign students
for study in the United States subject to applicable requirements. The US. Department of Homeland Security, working with the
US. Department of State, has implemented a mandatory electronic reporting system for schools that enroll foreign students and
exchange visitors. The University is also authorized to participate in state financial aid programs in Pennsylvania, Florida and
Vermont.
Financing Student Education
Students finance their Strayer University education in a variety of ways, and historically about three quarters of students
participated in one or more Title IV programs. Many financial aid programs are designed to assist eligible students whose
financial resources are inadequate to meet the cost of education. With these programs, financial aid is awarded on the basis of
financial need, generally defined under the Higher Education Act as the difference between the cost of attending a program of
study and the amount a student reasonably can be expected to contribute to those expenses. All recipients of federal student
financial aid must maintain a satisfactory grade point average (“GPA”) and progress in a timely manner toward completion of a
program of study.
17