Table,of,Contents
In addition, many of our working adult students ﬁnance their own education or receive full or partial tuition reimbursement
from their employers. Congress has enacted several tax credits for students pursuing higher education and has provided for a tax
deduction for interest on student loans and exclusions from income of certain tuition reimbursement amounts. Eligible students at
Strayer University may also participate in educational assistance programs administered by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
the State of Florida, the State of Vermont, the US. Department of Veterans Affairs (“VA”) (and related state agencies), the US.
Department of Defense (“DOD”), and various private organizations.
Under the Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2009 (as amended August 1, 2011), sometimes referred to as
the “New GI Bill,” eligible veterans may receive, among other beneﬁts, tuition benefits up to the net cost to the student (after
accounting for state and federal aid, scholarships, institutional aid, fee waivers, and similar assistance), subject to a cap of
$21,970 for non-public domestic institutions for 2016-2017. In addition, eligible students pursuing an educational program solely
through distance learning are eligible to receive a housing stipend equal to half the amount available to students attending certain
classroom-based programs or programs that combine classroom learning and distance learning.
Strayer University participates in DOD military tuition assistance programs under a Memorandum of Understanding
executed on September 5, 2014. Service members of the United States Armed Forces are eligible to receive tuition assistance
from their branch of service through the DOD military tuition assistance programs. Under the Memorandum of Understanding,
the University agrees to comply with DOD rules and procedures regarding the receipt of tuition assistance on behalf of active
duty military personnel (and qualifying family members) in attendance at the University.
Title I VPrograms
Strayer University maintains eligibility for its students to participate in the following Title IV programs:
0 Federal Grants. Grants under the Federal Pell Grant program are available to eligible students based on financial need
and other factors.
0 Campus-Based Programs. The campus-based Title IV programs include the Federal Supplemental Educational
Opportunity Grant program, the Federal Perkins Loan, and the Federal Work-Study Program. Strayer University does
not actively participate in the Perkins Loan or the Federal Work-Study Program.
0 Federal Direct Student Loans. Under the William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan Program, the Department of Education
makes loans directly to students and their parents. Undergraduate students who demonstrate financial need may qualify
for a subsidized loan. The federal government pays the interest on a subsidized loan while the student is in school and
during any approved periods of deferment, after which the student’s obligation to repay the loan begins. Unsubsidized
loans are available to students who do not qualify for a subsidized loan or, in some cases, in addition to a subsidized
loan. PLUS loans, including Graduate PLUS loans, are unsubsidized loans available in amounts up to the total cost of
attendance less any other financial aid.
Federal Financial Aid Regulation
To be eligible to participate in Title IV programs, Strayer University must comply with specific standards and procedures set
forth in the Higher Education Act and the regulations issued thereunder by the Department of Education. As part of those
participation standards, the Department of Education determines whether, among other things, the institution meets certain
standards of administrative capability and ﬁnancial responsibility. The institution must also follow extensive Department of
Education rules regarding the awarding and processing of funds issued under Title IV programs. Some of the key provisions
regarding institutional eligibility and processing federal ﬁnancial aid are described below.
1 8