Table,of,Contents
academic year, (3) the largest percentage increase in tuition and fees for the most recent three academic years, and (4) the largest
percentage increase in net price for the most recent three academic years. An institution that is placed on a list for high percentage
increases in either tuition and fees or in net price must submit a report to the Department of Education explaining the increases
and the steps that it intends to take to reduce costs. The Department of Education will report annually to Congress on these
institutions and will publish their reports on its website. The Department of Education also posts lists of the top 10% of
institutions in each of the nine categories with lowest tuition and fees or the lowest net price for the most recent academic year.
Under HEOA, net price means average yearly price actually charged to first-time, full-time undergraduate students who receive
student aid at a higher education institution after such aid is deducted.
College Scorecard
On December 19, 2014, the Department of Education issued a framework for a college ratings system, which was to include
predominantly four-year and two-year institutions. On June 25, 2015, the Department of Education stated that in lieu of the
previously announced college ratings system, it would instead create a consumer-driven website that will allow users to compare
colleges based on measures that may be of importance to them. In September 2015, the Department of Education publicly
released its “College Scorecard” website. Among other characteristics, the College Scorecard allows users to search for schools
based upon programs offered, location, size, tax status, mission, and religious afﬁliation.
Executive Order on Military and Veterans Beneﬁts Programs
In April 2012, President Obama issued an Executive Order directing the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs, along
with other Executive Branch agencies, to implement actions to establish “Principles of Excellence” to apply to educational
institutions receiving funding from federal military and veterans educational benefits programs, including benefits programs
provided by the Post-9/11 GI Bill and the military tuition assistance program. The Principles of Excellence relate broadly to
information regarding tuition and fees, academic quality, marketing, and state authorization requirements. The Principles of
Excellence require federal agencies to create a centralized complaint system for students receiving federal military and veterans
educational benefits to register complaints that relevant agencies can track and address. On January 30, 2014, the Department of
Defense, Department of Veterans Affairs, Department of Education, and Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), in collaboration
with the CFPB and the US. Department of Justice, announced a new online student complaint system for service members,
veterans, and their families to report negative experiences at education institutions and training programs administering the Post-
9/11 GI Bill, Department of Defense tuition assistance programs, and other military-related education benefit programs.
Additional Information
We maintain a website at www.strayereducation.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our web address is included as an inactive textual reference only. We make available on
our website our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments
to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after
we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC.
The Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC can be read or copied at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F
Street, NE, Washington, DC. 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room can be obtained by calling the
SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other
information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC; the website address is wwwsec. gov.
30