Table,of,ContentS
Program Participation Agreement
Each institution participating in Title IV programs must enter into a Program Participation Agreement with the Department
of Education. Under the agreement, the institution agrees to follow the Department of Education’s rules and regulations
governing Title IV programs. Strayer University’s provisional Program Participation Agreement with the Department of
Education allows it to participate in Title IV programs until June 30, 2017. Strayer University must apply to the Department of
Education for recertiﬁcation to participate in Title IV programs on or before March 31, 2017 and intends to do so in a timely
manner.
Provisional Certification
In certain circumstances, the Department of Education may certify an institution’s continuing eligibility to participate in
Title IV programs on a provisional basis for up to three complete award years (July 1 — June 30) from the date of provisional
certification. During the period of provisional certiﬁcation, the institution must comply with any additional conditions included in
its program participation agreement. If the Department of Education determines that a provisionally certified institution is unable
to meet its responsibilities under its program participation agreement, it may revoke or further condition the institution’s
certiﬁcation to participate in Title IV programs with fewer due process protections for the institution than if it were fully certiﬁed.
Should the Department of Education revoke eligibility during the provisional period, the institution may request reconsideration
and the Secretary of Education’s decision whether or not revocation is warranted constitutes final agency action. Strayer
University is operating under a provisional Program Participation Agreement through June 30, 2017, and the only material
additional condition with which the University must comply as a result of this provisional certification is obtaining the
Department of Education’s prior approval for substantial changes, including the addition of any new location, level of academic
offering, or non-degree and degree programs.
Administrative Capability
Department of Education regulations specify extensive criteria by which an institution must establish that it has the requisite
administrative capability to participate in Title IV programs. To meet the administrative capability standards, an institution,
among other things, must: comply with all applicable Title IV program regulations; have cohort default rates below speciﬁed
levels; have various procedures in place for safeguarding federal funds; not be, and not have any principal or afﬁliate who is,
debarred or suspended from federal contracting or engaging in activity that is cause for debarment or suspension; submit in a
timely manner all reports and ﬁnancial statements required by the regulations; and not otherwise appear to lack administrative
capability.
Financial Responsibility
The Higher Education Act and Department of Education regulations establish extensive standards of ﬁnancial responsibility
that institutions such as Strayer University must satisfy in order to participate in Title IV programs. These standards generally
require that an institution provide the services described in its ofﬁcial publications and statements, properly administer Title IV
programs in which it participates and meet all of its ﬁnancial obligations, including required refunds and any repayments to the
Department of Education for debts and liabilities incurred in programs administered by the Department of Education.
Department of Education standards utilize a complex formula to assess financial responsibility. The standards focus on three
financial ratios: (1) equity ratio (which measures the institution’s capital resources and ability to borrow); (2) primary reserve
ratio (which measures the institution’s financial viability and liquidity); and (3) net income ratio (which measures the institution’s
ability to operate at a proﬁt or within its means). An institution’s ﬁnancial ratios must yield a composite score of at least 1.5 for
the institution to be deemed ﬁnancially responsible without alternative measures and further federal oversight. We have applied
the financial responsibility standards to our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2016, and based on
our calculated composite score and other relevant factors, we believe we meet the Department of Education’s ﬁnancial
responsibility standards.
1 9