Table,of,Contents
regulations, we could lose our eligibility to participate in Title IV programs or have that eligibility adversely conditioned, which
would have a material adverse effect on our business.
Student loan defaults could result in the loss of eligibility to participate in Title I V programs.
In general, under the Higher Education Act, an educational institution may lose its eligibility to participate in some or all
Title IV programs if, for three consecutive federal ﬁscal years, 30% or more of its students who were required to begin repaying
their student loans in the relevant federal fiscal year default on their payment by the end of the second federal fiscal year
following that fiscal year. Institutions with a cohort default rate equal to or greater than 15% for any of the three most recent ﬁscal
years for which data are available are subject to a 30-day delayed disbursement period for first-year, ﬁrst-time borrowers. While
its cohort default rate for 2011 was 14.9%, Strayer University voluntarily delays disbursement of Direct Loans in this manner. In
addition, an institution may lose its eligibility to participate in some or all Title IV programs if its default rate for a federal fiscal
year was greater than 40%.
If we lose eligibility to participate in Title IV programs because of high student loan default rates, it
would have a material adverse effect on our busmess. Strayer UniverSIty’s three-year cohort default rates
for federal ﬁscal years 2011, 2012 and 2013, were 14.9%, 11.6%, and 11.3%, respectlvely. The average
off1c1al cohort default rates for proprietary 1nst1tut10ns nationally were 19.1%,15.8%, and 15.0% for
federal ﬁscal years 201 1, 2012, and 2013, respectively.
Strayer University could lose its eligibility to participate in federal student ﬁnancial aid programs or be provisionally
certiﬁed with respect to such participation if the percentage of our revenues derived from those programs were too high.
A proprietary institution may lose its eligibility to participate in the federal Title IV student financial aid program if it derives
more than 90% of its revenues, on a cash basis, from Title IV programs for two consecutive fiscal years. A proprietary institution
of higher education that violates the 90/10 Rule for any fiscal year will be placed on provisional status for up to two fiscal years.
Using the formula speciﬁed in the Higher Education Act, we derived approximately 74% of our cash-basis revenues from these
programs in 2015. Certain members of Congress have proposed to revise the 90/10 Rule to count tuition assistance provided by
the Department of Defense and veterans education benefits, along with Title IV revenue, toward the 90% limit and to reduce the
limit to 85% of total revenue. Such proposals could make it difﬁcult for us to comply with the 90/ 10 rule. If we were to violate
the 90/10 Rule, the loss of eligibility to participate in the federal student financial aid programs would have a material adverse
effect on our business.
Our failure to comply with the Department of Education ’s incentive compensation rules could result in sanctions and
other liability.
If we pay a bonus, commission or other incentive payment in violation of applicable Department of Education rules or if the
Department of Education or other third parties interpret our compensation practices as such, we could be subject to sanctions or
other liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Our failure to comply with the Department of Education ’s misrepresentation rules could result in sanctions and other
liability.
The Higher Education Act prohibits an institution that participates in Title IV programs from engaging in “substantial
misrepresentation” of the nature of its educational program, its ﬁnancial charges, or the employability of its graduates. The
Department of Education’s Program Integrity Regulations, which took effect July 1, 2011, interpret this provision to prohibit any
statement on those topics, made by the institution or a third party that provides educational programs, marketing, advertising,
recruiting, or admissions services to the institution, that has the likelihood or tendency to confuse. The US. Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia held on June 5, 2012, that the term “substantial misrepresentation” could not include true, nondeceitful
statements that are merely confusing. The misrepresentation rules are scheduled to expand on July 1, 2017 to include “any
statement that has the likelihood or tendency to mislead under the circumstances.” The definition would also expand to include
“any statement that omits information in such a way as to make the statement false, erroneous, or misleading.” On January 30,
2017, the new Administration indicated in
35