Table,of,Contents
STRAYER EDUCATION, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Total potential cash payments for the acquisition and the Earnout could total $25.0 million.
The Company estimated the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of the Acquisition. During
2016, based on ﬁnal analyses that supported the underlying estimate, the Company recorded measurement period adjustments of
$0.3 million to goodwill and deferred tax liabilities. The final allocation of the purchase price is as follows:
Purchase
Price
I Allocationi _ iUsefulLifei
Cash 39 790 l
cherassets 1,265
Intangibles; l
,Iradename 5:660 Indeﬁnite
quqdmu 13,944 1
Liabilitieaassymed (42734)
T T_otal_assets_acquire_d_and_liabilities_assumed,net 16,925 l
Lessz_cpnt£1gemrrmsidsration (142500)
L_ess_:_cash_acquir_e_d (790) l
Cash paid for acquisition, net of cash acquired 1,635 :
The fair value of the contingent consideration was measured by applying a probability weighted discounted cash ﬂow model
based on significant inputs not observable in the market (Level 3 inputs). Key assumptions include a discount rate of 4.5% and
expected future value of payments of $12.5 million. During the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company revised its assumptions of
the timing of future cash ﬂows and recorded an adjustment to reduce the fair value of contingent consideration by $1.3 million.
The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed was determined based on assumptions that reasonable market participants
would use while employing the concept of highest and best use of the respective items. The following assumptions were used, the
majority of which include significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), and valuation methodologies to determine fair value:
0 Intangibles — Income approaches were used to value the substantial majority of the acquired intangibles. The trade name
was valued using the relief from-royalty method, which represents the benefit of owning these intangible assets rather
than paying royalties for their use.
0 Other assets and liabilities — The carrying value of all other assets and liabilities approximated fair value at the time of
acquisition.
Pro forma ﬁnancial information for the NYCDA acquisition has not been presented as it was not material to the Company’s
consolidated results.
4. Restructuring and Related Charges
In October 2013, the Company implemented a restructuring to better align the Company’s resources with student
enrollments at the time. This restructuring included the closing of 20 physical locations and reductions in the number of campus-
based and corporate employees. A liability for lease obligations, some of which continue through 2022, was recorded and is
measured at fair value using a discounted cash flow approach encompassing significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). The
estimation of future cash ﬂows includes non-cancelable contractual lease costs over the remaining terms of the leases discounted
at the Company’s marginal borrowing rate of 4.5%, partially offset by estimated future sublease rental income discounted at
credit-adjusted rates. The Company’s estimates, which involve significant judgment, also consider the amount and timing of
sublease rental income based on subleases that have been executed
69