Table,of,Contents
STRAYER EDUCATION, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Graduation Fund
In the third quarter of 2013, the Company introduced the Graduation Fund, which allows new undergraduate students to earn
tuition credits that are redeemable in the ﬁnal year of a student’s course of study if he or she successfully remains in the program.
New students registering in credit-bearing courses in any undergraduate program receive one free course for every three courses
that are successfully completed. Students must meet all of the University’s admission requirements, and must be enrolled in a
bachelor’s degree program. The Company’s employees and their dependents are not eligible for the program. Students who have
more than one consecutive term of non-attendance lose any Graduation Fund credits earned to date, but may earn and accumulate
new credits if the student is reinstated or readmitted by the University in the future.
Revenue from students participating in the Graduation Fund is recorded in accordance with the Revenue Recognition Topic,
ASC 605-50. The Company defers the value of benefits estimated to be redeemed in the future based on the underlying revenue
transactions that result in progress by the student toward earning the benefit. The Company’s estimate of the benefits that will be
redeemed in the future is based on its historical experience of student persistence toward completion of a course of study within
this program and similar programs. Each quarter, the Company assesses its methodologies and assumptions underlying these
estimates and, to date, any adjustments to the estimates have not been material. The amount estimated to be redeemed in the next
twelve months is $14.5 million and is included in deferred revenue as a current liability in the consolidated balance sheets.
The table below presents activity in the Graduation Fund for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2016 (in thousands):
December 31, December 31,
I 2015 20,16
Ba1,anc.e_at_b_eginning_Q£ period $ 92706 $ 20,937 i
Reyenuqdefeged 16,219 20,766
B.e,n,e.ﬁ,t_r_e_d,e.e,mc_d (42988) (129091
Balance at end of period 20:937, 29:499,
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash maintained in mostly FDIC-insured bank accounts and cash invested in bank
overnight deposits and money market mutual funds. The Company places its cash and temporary cash investments with various
financial institutions. The Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less at
the date of purchase to be cash equivalents.
Concentration of Credit Risk
Most cash and cash equivalent balances are in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company has not experienced any
losses on its cash and cash equivalents.
Restricted Cash
A significant portion of the Company’s revenues are funded by various federal and state government programs. The
Company generally does not receive funds from these programs prior to the start of the corresponding academic term. The
Company may be required to return certain funds for students who withdraw from the University during the academic term. At
December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately $13,000 of these unpaid obligations, which are recorded as restricted cash
and included in other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. There were no amounts payable for these obligations at
December 31, 2015.
62