Table,of,Contents
other matters related to third-party servicers. Strayer University has written contracts with third-party servicers to perform
activities related to Strayer University’s participation in Title IV programs. Strayer University also has a contract with Heartland
Payment Systems, Inc. for processing stipends due to students. For loan default prevention, Strayer University had contracted
with General Revenue Corporation through February 2015, and with i3 Group, LLC thereafter. Strayer believes that its third-party
servicer contracts comply with the regulations and we have reported such contracts to the Department of Education.
Lender Relationships
As part of an institution’s program participation agreement with the Department of Education, the institution must adopt a
code of conduct pertaining to student loans. Strayer University has a code of conduct that it believes complies with the provisions
of the Higher Education Act in all material reSpects. In addition to the code of conduct requirements that apply to institutions, the
Higher Education Act contains provisions that apply to lenders, prohibiting lenders from engaging in certain activities as they
interact with institutions.
Restrictions on Adding Locations and Educational Programs
State requirements and accrediting agency standards can limit or slow the ability of Strayer University to establish legally
authorized additional locations and programs. Most states require approval before institutions can add new programs, campuses or
teaching locations. Middle States requires its accredited institutions to notify it in advance of implementing new programs or
locations, which may require additional approval. At its discretion, Middle States may also conduct site visits to additional
locations to ensure that accredited institutions that experience rapid growth in the number of additional locations, among other
reasons, maintain educational quality. All new Strayer University campus locations require Middle States approval before
students are enrolled, and the Higher Education Act requires Middle States to monitor institutions with signiﬁcant enrollment
growth. In addition, under Strayer University’s provisional certification, the Department of Education must approve any new
campus location, level of academic offering and non-degree and degree programs.
The Higher Education Act requires proprietary institutions of higher education to be in full operation for two years before
qualifying to participate in Title IV programs. However, the applicable regulations in many circumstances permit an institution
that is already qualified to participate in Title IV programs to establish additional locations that are exempt from the two-year
rule. These additional locations generally may qualify immediately for participation in Title IV programs, unless the location was
acquired from another institution that has ceased offering educational programs at that location and has Title IV liabilities that it is
not repaying in accordance with an agreement to do so, and the acquiring institution does not agree, among other matters, to be
responsible for certain liabilities of the acquired institution. The new location must satisfy all other applicable requirements for
institutional eligibility, including approval of the additional location by the relevant state authorizing agency and the institution’s
accrediting agency. Any Strayer University expansion plans assume its continued ability to establish new campuses as additional
locations of Strayer University under such applicable regulations and thereby to avoid incurring the two-year delay in
participation in Title IV programs. The loss of state authorization or accreditation of Strayer University or an existing campus, or
the failure of Strayer University or a new campus to obtain state authorization or accreditation, would render Strayer University
ineligible to participate in Title IV programs, at least in that state or at that location. Department of Education regulations require
institutions to report to the Department of Education a new additional location at which at least 50% of an eligible program will
be offered, if the institution wants to disburse Title IV program funds to students enrolled at that location. Under its provisional
Program Participation Agreement with the Department of Education, Strayer University must obtain Department of Education
approval for the addition of any such location. Institutions are responsible for knowing whether they need approval, and
institutions that add locations and disburse Title IV program funds without having obtained any necessary approval may be
subject to administrative repayments and other sanctions.
The gainful employment regulation that became effective July 1, 2015 provides that an institution may establish a new
program’s Title IV eligibility by updating the list of the institution’s programs maintained by the Department of Education, and
thereby making the certification required by the regulation, as described under Gainful Employment. However, an institution may
not update its list of eligible programs to include a failing or zone program that the
25