Table,of,Contents
STRAYER EDUCATION, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
preferred stock may be issued in the future, the Board of Directors would need to establish the preferences, conversion or other
rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications, and the terms or conditions of the redemption of the
preferred stock.
Advertising Costs
The Company expenses advertising costs in the quarter incurred, except for costs associated with the production of media
commercials which are expensed when the commercial is first aired.
Stock-Based Compensation
As required by the Stock Compensation Topic, ASC 718, the Company measures and recognizes compensation expense for
all share-based payment awards made to employees and directors, including employee stock options, restricted stock, restricted
stock units, and employee stock purchases related to the Company’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan, based on estimated fair
values. Stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of income for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2016 is based on awards ultimately expected to vest and, therefore, has been adjusted for estimated
forfeitures. The Company estimates forfeitures at the time of grant and revises the estimate, if necessary, in subsequent periods if
actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The forfeiture rate used is based on historical experience. The Company also
assesses the likelihood that performance criteria associated with performance-based awards will be met. If it is determined that it
is more likely than not that performance criteria will not be achieved, the Company revises its estimate of the number of shares it
believes will ultimately vest.
Net Income Per Share
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding during the periods. Diluted earnings per share reﬂects the potential dilution that could occur assuming conversion or
exercise of all dilutive unexercised stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units. The dilutive effect of stock awards
was determined using the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, all of the following are assumed to be used to
repurchase shares of the Company’s common stock: (1) the proceeds received from the exercise of stock options, (2) the amount
of compensation cost associated with the stock awards for future service not yet recognized by the Company, and (3) the amount
of tax beneﬁts that would be recorded in additional paid-in capital when the stock awards become deductible for income tax
purposes. Stock options are not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share when the stock option exercise price of
an individual grant exceeds the average market price for the period. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company had
no issued and outstanding stock options that were excluded from the calculation. Set forth below is a reconciliation of shares used
to calculate basic and diluted earnings per share for each of the three years ended December 31, 2016 (in thousands):
I 720147 _ 7270,1757 _ 72,0167
Viejghtndﬁxerage_shares_qutstandnlg_us_e_d_t9_cp_n3pytehasicﬁamingsneLshare 102561 102588 102610 1
IncrementaLsharesgssnabiguppmhenss_ume_d_exercis_e_ofstgckopticms 6 6 5
Linnea,stein:stnotedstockaIndiestrictc_d_stock_units 83 _ 146 _ 230 1
Shares used to compute diluted earnings per share : 102650: i 102740: i 102845:
Income Taxes
The Company provides for deferred income taxes based on temporary differences between financial statement and income
tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect in the year in which the differences are expected to reverse.
The Income Taxes Topic, ASC 740, requires the company to determine whether uncertain tax positions should be recognized
within the Company’s financial statements. The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to uncertain tax
positions in income tax expense. Uncertain tax positions are recognized when a tax position, based solely
66