Table,of,Contents
PART I
CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS:
This document and the documents incorporated by reference herein include “forward-looking statements,” within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), including, in particular, the statements about our plans, strategies and
prospects under the headings “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and
“Business.” We have typically used the words “may,” “will,” “expect,” “believe,” “estimate,” “plan,” “intend” and similar
expressions in this document and the documents incorporated by reference herein to identify forward-looking statements. We
have based these forward-looking statements on our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Actual
results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are
subject to many risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, among other things:
0 student enrollment;
0 our continued compliance with Title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965, as amended (the “Higher Education Act”
or “HEA”), and the regulations thereunder, as well as state regulatory requirements and accrediting agency
requirements;
0 changes in regulation of the US. education industry and eligibility of pr0prietary schools to participate in US. federal
student financial aid programs;
0 risks related to the timing of regulatory approvals;
o competitive factors;
0 our ability to continue to implement our online growth strategy;
0 risks associated with the opening of new campuses;
o risks associated with the offering of new educational programs and adapting to other program changes;
0 risks associated with the acquisition of educational institutions;
0 risks associated with the ability of our students to finance their education in a timely and affordable manner; and
0 general economic and market conditions.
You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. You should understand that many important factors,
including those discussed under the headings “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” and “Business,” could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or suggested in any forward-
looking statements. Further information about these and other relevant risks and uncertainties may be found in Item 1A (“Risk
Factors”) below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other ﬁlings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements, except as required by law.
References to “we,” “our” and the “Company” refer to Strayer Education, Inc., together with our consolidated subsidiaries
Strayer University and the New York Code and Design Academy, unless the context suggests otherwise.
3