Table,of,C,ontentS
Item 1A. Risk Factor s
Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and all
other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 1 0-K or in the documents incorporated by reference herein before
making an investment decision. The occurrence of any of the following risks could materially harm our business, adversely aﬁ’ect
the market price of our common stock and could cause you to suffer a partial or complete loss of your investment. Additional risks
not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also materially harm our business and operations. See
“Cautionary Notice Regarding F orward-Looking Statements. ”
Risks Related to Extensive Regulation of Our Business
If we fail to comply with the extensive regulatory requirements for our business, we could face significant monetary
liabilities, fines and penalties, including loss of access to federal student loans and grants for our students.
As a provider of higher education, we are subject to extensive regulation on both the federal and state levels. In particular,
the Higher Education Act and related regulations subject Strayer University and all other higher education institutions that
participate in the various Title IV programs to significant regulatory scrutiny.
The Higher Education Act mandates specific regulatory responsibilities for each of the following components of the higher
education regulatory triad: (1) the federal government through the Department of Education; (2) the accrediting agencies
recognized by the Secretary of Education; and (3) state education regulatory bodies. In addition, other federal agencies such as the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and Federal Trade Commission, and various state agencies and state Attorneys General
enforce consumer protection laws applicable to post-secondary educational institutions.
The regulations, standards and policies of these regulatory agencies frequently change, and changes in, or new
interpretations of, applicable laws, regulations, standards or policies could have a material adverse effect on our accreditation,
authorization to operate in various states, permissible activities, receipt of funds under Title IV programs or costs of doing
business.
Title IV requirements are enforced by the Department of Education and in some instances by private plaintiffs. If we are
found to be in noncompliance with these laws, regulations, standards or policies, we could lose our access to Title IV program
funds, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. Findings of noncompliance also could result in our being
required to pay monetary damages, or being subjected to fines, penalties, injunctions, restrictions on our access to Title IV
program funds or other censure that could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Our failure to comply with the Department of Education ’s gainful employment regulations could result in heightened
disclosure requirements and loss of Title IV eligibility.
To be eligible for Title IV funding, academic programs offered by proprietary institutions of higher education must prepare
students for gainful employment in a recognized occupation. On October 31, 2014, the Department of Education published the
final regulations on gainful employment, generally, effective July 1, 2015. The regulations include two debt-to-earnings
measures, consisting of an annual income rate and a discretionary income rate. The annual income rate measures student debt in
relation to earnings, and the discretionary income rate measures student debt in relation to discretionary income. A program
passes if the program’s graduates:
0 Have an annual income rate that does not exceed 8%; or;
0 Have a discretionary income rate that does not exceed 20%.
A program that does not pass either of the debt-to-earnings metrics, and that has an annual income rate between 8% and
12%, or a discretionary income rate between 20% and 30%, is considered to be in a warning zone. A program fails if the
program’s graduates have an annual income rate of 12% or greater and a discretionary income rate of 30% or greater. A program
would become Title IV-ineligible for three years if it failed both metrics for two out of three consecutive
3 1