Table,of,Contents
Failure to comply with the incentive payment rule could result in loss of certiﬁcation to participate in federal student
financial aid programs, limitations on participation in the federal student financial aid programs, or financial penalties. In June
2015, the Department of Education announced in a memorandum that it will revise its approach to measuring damages for
noncompliance with the incentive payment prohibition. The Department of Education will calculate the amount of institutional
liability based on the cost to the Department of the Title IV funds improperly received by the institution, including the cost to the
Department of all Title IV funds received by the institution over a period of time if those funds were obtained through
implementation of a policy or practice in which students were recruited in violation of the incentive payment prohibition. We
believe we are in compliance with the regulation.
Gainful Employment
Under the Higher Education Act, a proprietary institution offering programs of study other than a baccalaureate degree in
liberal arts (for which there is a limited statutory exception) must prepare students for gainful employment in a recognized
occupation. On October 31, 2014, the Department of Education published final regulations related to gainful employment. The
regulation went into effect on July 1, 2015, with the exception of new disclosure requirements, which were scheduled to go into
effect January 1, 2017, but have been delayed until April 3, 2017.
The regulations include two debt—to-earnings measures, consisting of an annual income rate and a discretionary income rate.
The annual income rate measures student debt in relation to earnings, and the discretionary income rate measures student debt in
relation to discretionary income. A program passes if the program’s graduates:
0 have an annual income rate ratio that does not exceed 8%; g
0 have a discretionary income rate that does not exceed 20%.
In addition, a program that does not pass either of the debt-to-earnings metrics, and that has an annual income rate between
8% and 12% or a discretionary income rate between 20% and 30%, is considered to be in a warning zone. A program fails if the
program’s graduates have an annual income rate of 12% or greater and a discretionary income rate of 30% or greater. A program
would become Title IV-ineligible for three years if it fails both metrics for two out of three consecutive years, or fails to pass at
least one metric for four consecutive award years. The regulations provide a means by which an institution may challenge the
Department of Education’s calculation of any of the debt metrics prior to loss of Title IV eligibility.
If an institution is notified by the Secretary of Education that a program could become ineligible, based on its final rates, for
the next award year:
0 the institution must provide a warning with respect to the program to students and prospective students indicating,
among other things, that students may not be able to use Title IV funds to attend or continue in the program; and
o the institution must not enroll, register or enter into a financial commitment with a prospective student until a specified
time after providing the warning to the prospective student.
On January 8, 2017, Strayer received its final 2015 debt-to-earnings measures. None of Strayer’s programs failed the debt-
to-earnings metrics. Two active programs, the Associate in Arts in Accounting and Associate in Arts in Business Administration,
are “in the zone,” which means each program remains fully eligible unless (I) either program has a combination of zone and
failing designations for four consecutive years, in which case it would become Title IV-ineligible in the fifth year; or (2) either
program fails the metrics for two out of three consecutive years, in which case the program could become ineligible for the
following award year.
The new regulation also requires institutions annually to report student- and program-level data to the Department of
Education, and comply with additional disclosure requirements. Final regulations adOpted by the Department of Education, which
generally became effective on July 1, 2011, require an institution to use a template designed by the Department of Education to
disclose to prospective students, with respect to each gainful employment program,
22