Table,of,C,ontents
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
There are no SEC staff comments on our periodic SEC reports which are unresolved.
Item 2. Propertie s
Except for ﬁve campus facilities which we own, our campus and administrative facilities are leased. Our facilities are located
predominantly in the Eastern United States. The Company’s corporate headquarters is located at 2303 Dulles Station Blvd.,
Herndon, VA 20171, while the headquarters and main campus of Strayer University is located at 1133 15 *Street NW,
Washington, DC 20005. Our leases generally range from ﬁve to 10 years with one to two renewal options for extended terms. As
of December 31, 2016, we leased 85 campus and administrative facilities consisting of approximately 1.6 million square feet. The
facilities that we own consist of approximately 110,000 square feet. NYCDA is party to certain real estate leases for small
amounts of space, including in Manhattan, NY for approximately 5,500 square feet for its corporate offices and classroom space.
As announced in October 2013, we closed 20 physical locations predominantly in the Midwest. We have subleased or
terminated arrangements on most of this space, and to date approximately 47,000 square feet remains vacant, with remaining
lease obligations ranging from six months to six years. We continuously evaluate various options to address unused facility space
including sublets, both short—term and long-term, and lease buyouts.
We evaluate current utilization of our facilities and anticipated enrollment to determine facility needs. We do not anticipate
any significant addition of campus or administrative space in 2017.
For more information regarding our ongoing lease commitments, see Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements below.
Item 3. Legal Proceeding s
From time to time, we are involved in litigation and other legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of our
business. There are no pending material legal proceedings to which we are subject or to which our property is subject.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure s
Not applicable.
4 1