Table,of,C,ontents
Dr. Charlotte F. Beason is a consultant in education and health care administration, as she was from 2004 to 2005. She was
Executive Director of the Kentucky Board of Nursing from 2005 to 2012. From 2000 to 2003, Dr. Beason was Chair and Vice
Chair of the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education (an autonomous agency accrediting baccalaureate and graduate
programs in nursing); she is an evaluator for the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education. From 1988 to 2004, Dr. Beason
was with the Department of Veterans Affairs, first as Director of Health Professions Education Service and the Health
Professional Scholarship Program, and then as Program Director, Office of Nursing Services. Dr. Beason has served on the Board
since 1996 and is a member of the Nominating Committee of the Board. She is also Chairwoman of the Strayer University Board
of Trustees. Dr. Beason holds a bachelor’s degree in nursing from Berea College, a master’s degree in psychiatric nursing from
Boston University and a doctorate in clinical psychology and public practice from Harvard University.
Senator William E. Brock is the Founder and Chairman of the Brock Ofﬁces, a firm specializing in international trade,
investment and human resources. From 1985 to 1987, Senator Brock served in the President’s Cabinet as the US. Secretary of
Labor, and from 1981 to 1985, as the US. Trade Representative. Senator Brock previously served as a Member of Congress and
subsequently as US. Senator for the State of Tennessee. Senator Brock is a member of the Board of Directors of On Assignment,
Inc., and ResCare, Inc., and is a Senior Counselor and Member of the Board of Trustees of the Center for Strategic and
International Studies, where he chairs the International Policy Roundtable. Senator Brock has been a member of the Board since
2001 and is a member of the Compensation Committee of the Board. He holds a bachelor’s degree in commerce from Washington
and Lee University.
Mr. Nathaniel C. F ick is the Chief Executive Officer of Endgame, a technology firm focusing on cybersecurity. He
previously served as a Captain in the United States Marine Corps leading infantry and reconnaissance units in combat in
Afghanistan and Iraq. His book about that experience, “One Bullet Away,” was a New York Times bestseller, a Washington Post
“Best Book of the Year,” and one of the Military Times’ “Best Military Books of the Decade.” Mr. F ick is a member of the
Company’s Audit Committee. Mr. F ick is a graduate of Dartmouth College, the Harvard Kennedy School, and the Harvard
Business School, and serves as a Trustee of Dartmouth College.
Mr. Robert R. Grusky is a member of Strayer Education, Inc. Board of Directors, on which he has served since 2001. He is
the Founder and Managing Member of Hope Capital Management, LLC, an investment manager, since 2000. He co-founded New
Mountain Capital, LLC, a private equity firm, in 2000 and was a Principal and Member from 2000 to 2005, and has been a Senior
Advisor since then. From 1998 to 2000, Mr. Grusky served as President of RSL Investments Corporation. From 1985 to 1997,
with the exception of 1990 to 1991 when he was on a leave of absence to serve as a White House Fellow and Assistant for Special
Projects to the Secretary of Defense, Mr. Grusky served in a variety of capacities at Goldman, Sachs & Co., first in its Mergers &
Acquisitions Department and then in its Principal Investment Area. He also serves on the Board of Directors of AutoNation, Inc.
In the past five years, he has also served on the Board of Directors of AutoZone, Inc. He is a member of the Company’s
Nominating Committee. He holds a bachelor’s degree in history from Union College and a master’s degree in business
administration from Harvard University.
Mr. Karl McDonnell was named Strayer’s Chief Executive Officer in May 2013. He was President and Chief Operating
Officer from 2006 to 2013. Mr. McDonnell served as Chief Operating Officer of InteliStaf Healthcare, Inc., one of the nation’s
largest privately-held healthcare staffing firms. Prior to his tenure at InteliStaf, he served as Vice President of the Investment
Banking Division at Goldman, Sachs & Co. Mr. McDonnell has held senior management positions with several Fortune 100
companies, including The Walt Disney Company. He has served on the Board since 2011 and from 2006 to 2013 was a member
of the Strayer University Board of Trustees. Mr. McDonnell holds a bachelor’s degree from Virginia Wesleyan College and a
master’s degree in business administration from Duke University.
Mr. Todd A. Milano is President Emeritus and Ambassador for Central Penn College, where he served as President and Chief
Executive Officer from 1989 to 2012. Mr. Milano has served on the Board since 1996 and is a member of the Compensation
Committee of the Board and is also a member of the Strayer University Board of Trustees. Mr. Milano holds a bachelor’s degree
in industrial management from Purdue University.
85