Table,of,C,ontents
State Education Licensure
Licensure of Physical Campuses
The Higher Education Act and certain state laws require Strayer University to be legally authorized to provide educational
programs in the states in which the University is physically located. We are authorized to offer programs by the applicable
educational regulatory agencies in all states where our physical campuses and online delivery facilities are located. We are
dependent upon the authorization of each state where we are physically located to allow us to operate and to grant degrees,
diplomas or certificates to students in those states. We are subject to extensive regulation in each jurisdiction in which our
campuses are located, including in 2016: Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Maryland, Mississippi, New Jersey,
North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, West Virginia, and Washington, DC. We will be
subject to similar extensive regulation in those additional states in which we may expand our operations in the future. State laws
and regulations affect our operations and may limit our ability to introduce educational programs or establish new campuses.
On October 29, 2010, the Department of Education adopted new regulations, effective July 1, 2011, that set new
requirements on states for their authorization of schools for purposes of Title IV eligibility. We believe that every state above in
which Strayer is authorized has processes in place that comply with these requirements.
Licensure 0f0nline Programs
The increasing popularity and use of the internet and other technology for the delivery of education has led, and may
continue to lead, to the adoption of new laws and regulatory practices in the United States or foreign countries or to the
interpretation of existing laws and regulations to apply to such services. These new laws and interpretations may relate to issues
such as the requirement that online education institutions be licensed as a school in one or more jurisdictions even where they
have no physical location. New laws, regulations, or interpretations related to doing business over the internet could increase
Strayer University’s cost of doing business, affect its ability to increase enrollments and revenues, or otherwise have a material
adverse effect on our business.
In April 2013, the Department of Education announced that it would address state authorization of distance education
through negotiated rulemaking. While four negotiated rulemaking sessions were conducted from February through May 2014, no
consensus was reached.
In June 2016, despite the lack of consensus at the negotiated rulemaking sessions, but as permitted by federal law, the
Department of Education issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking for public comment on the issue of state authorization for
online programs. On December 19, 2016, the Department issued final regulations, which are scheduled to become effective on
July 1, 2018. On January 30, 2017, the new Administration indicated in a notice published in the Federal Register that it intends
to take action in relation to this regulation, but it is unclear what that action will be or when it will be taken. The regulations
currently expected to be effective on July 1, 2018, will, among other things, require an institution offering Title IV-eligible
distance education or correspondence courses to be authorized by each state in which the institution enrolls students, if such
authorization is required by the state. Institutions can obtain such authorization directly from the state or through a state
authorization reciprocity agreement. A state authorization reciprocity agreement is defined as an agreement between two or more
states that authorizes an institution located and legally authorized in a state covered by the agreement to provide post-secondary
education through distance education or correspondence courses to students in other states covered by the agreement and does not
prohibit a participating state from enforcing its own laws with respect to higher education. The regulations also require
institutions to document the state process for resolving complaints from students enrolled in programs offered through distance
education or correspondence courses for each state in which such students reside.
In addition, the regulations require an institution to provide public and individualized disclosures to enrolled and prospective
students regarding its programs offered solely through distance education or correspondence courses. The public disclosures
would include state authorization for the program or course, the process for submitting complaints to relevant states, any adverse
actions by a state or accrediting agency related to the distance education program or
1 6