Table,of,Contents
Approximately 95% of our revenues during the year ended December 31, 2016 consisted of tuition revenue. Tuition revenue is
recognized ratably over the course of instruction as the University provides academic services in a given term, whether delivered
in person at a physical campus or online. Tuition revenue is shown net of any refunds, withdrawals, corporate discounts,
scholarships and employee tuition discounts. The University also derives revenue from other sources such as textbook-related
income, certificate revenue, certain academic fees, licensing revenue, and other income, which are all recognized when earned. At
the start of each academic term or session, a liability (deferred revenue) is recorded for academic services to be provided and a
tuition receivable is recorded for the portion of the tuition not paid in advance. Any cash received prior to the start of the term or
session is recorded as deferred revenue.
Students of Strayer University finance their education in a variety of ways, and historically about three quarters of our
students participated in one or more financial aid programs provided through Title IV of the Higher Education Act. In addition,
many of our working adult students finance their own education or receive full or partial tuition reimbursement from their
employers. Those students who are veterans or active duty military personnel have access to various additional government-
funded educational benefit programs.
A typical class is offered in weekly increments and is followed by an exam. Students who withdraw from a course may be
eligible for a refund of tuition charges based on the timing of the withdrawal. We use the student’s last date of attendance for this
purpose. Student attendance is based on physical presence in class for on-ground classes. For online classes, attendance consists
of logging into one’s course shell and performing an academically related activity (e. g., engaging in a discussion post or taking a
quiz).
If a student withdraws from a course prior to completion, a portion of the tuition is refundable depending on when the
withdrawal occurs. Our refund policy typically permits students who complete less than half of a course to receive a partial refund
of tuition for that course. Refunds reduce the tuition revenue that would have otherwise been recognized for that student. Since
the University’s academic terms coincide with our ﬁnancial reporting periods, nearly all refunds are processed and recorded in the
same quarter as the corresponding revenue. The amount of tuition revenue refundable to students may vary based on the student’s
state of residence.
For undergraduate students who withdraw from all their courses during the quarter of instruction, we reassess collectibility
of tuition and fees for revenue recognition purposes. In addition, we cease revenue recognition when a student fully withdraws
from all of his or her courses in the academic term. Tuition charges billed in accordance with our billing schedule may be greater
than the pro rata revenue amount, but the additional amounts are not recognized as revenue unless they are collected in cash.
For students who receive funding under Title IV, funds are subject to return provisions as defined by the Department of
Education. The University is responsible for returning Title IV funds to the Department of Education and then may seek payment
from the student of prorated tuition or other amounts charged to him or her. Loss of ﬁnancial aid eligibility during an academic
term is rare and would normally coincide with the student’s withdrawal from the institution. As discussed above, we cease
revenue recognition upon a student’s withdrawal from all of his or her classes in an academic term.
New students registering in credit—bearing courses in any undergraduate program for the summer 2013 term (ﬁscal third
quarter) and subsequent terms qualify for the Graduation Fund, whereby qualifying students earn tuition credits that are
redeemable in the final year of a student’s course of study if he or she successfully remains in the program. Students must meet all
of the University’s admission requirements and not be eligible for any previously offered scholarship program. Our employees
and their dependents are not eligible for the program. To maintain eligibility, students must be enrolled in a bachelor’s degree
program. Students who have more than one consecutive term of non-attendance lose any Graduation Fund credits earned to date,
but may earn and accumulate new credits if the student is reinstated or readmitted by the University in the future. In their ﬁnal
academic year, qualifying students will receive one free course for every three courses that were successfully completed. Revenue
and the value of the benefit earned by students participating in the Graduation Fund is recognized based on a systematic and
rational allocation of the cost of honoring the benefit earned to each of the underlying revenue transactions that result in progress
by the student toward earning the beneﬁt. The estimated value of awards under the Graduation Fund that will be recognized in the
future is based on historical experience of students” persistence in completing their course of study and earning a degree.
Estimated
48