Table,of,Contents
Item 1. Busines s
Overview
Our company provides a variety of post-secondary education and other academic programs through two wholly-owned
subsidiaries, Strayer University (the “University”) and the New York Code and Design Academy (“NYCDA”).
Founded in 1892, Strayer University is an institution of higher learning that offers undergraduate and graduate degree
programs in business administration, accounting, information technology, education, health services administration, nursing,
public administration, and criminal justice at 74 physical campuses, predominantly located in the Mid-Atlantic and Southern
regions of the United States, and online. Strayer University also offers an executive MBA online through its Jack Welch
Management Institute. For the 2016 fall term, we had 45,509 students enrolled in our programs. Strayer University is accredited
by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education (hereinafter referred to as “Middle States” or “Middle States
Commission”), one of the six regional collegiate accrediting agencies recognized by the US. Department of Education
(“Department of Education”). Middle States is located at 3624 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 19104 (267-284-5000). By
offering its programs both online and in physical classrooms, the University provides its working adult students more ﬂexibility
and convenience. Strayer University, with its online offerings, attracts students from around the country and throughout the
world.
The New York Code and Design Academy provides non-degree courses in web and application software development,
primarily at its campus in New York City. NYCDA is licensed by the New York Bureau of Proprietary School Supervision, but is
not accredited and does not participate in state or federal student financial aid programs. We acquired NYCDA on January 13,
20 1 6.
We generated net revenue of $441 million in 2016. For more information regarding our revenues, profits and financial
condition, please refer to “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our
consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Industry Background
The market for post-secondary education is large, fragmented, and competitive. According to the National Center for
Education Statistics, more than 20 million students attend approximately 7,200 post-secondary institutions in the United States.
About 1.5 million students attend proprietary institutions. Controversy about the cost of higher education, under-employment of
college graduates due to the uneven economic conditions, and increasingly negative media coverage may be causing some
prospective students to question the value proposition of higher education. According to the National Student Clearinghouse
Research Center, college enrollments in all higher education sectors declined 1.7% and 1.4% in fall 2015 and 2016, respectively.
Enrollment at pr0prietary colleges declined 13.7% and 14.5% in fall 2015 and 2016, respectively. The industry is heavily
dependent on continued availability of funding for programs under Title IV of the Higher Education Act (“Title IV programs”)
and concerns about potential reductions in such funding also can reduce the level of growth.
Notwithstanding weakened demand dynamics over the past few years, we believe that over time, demand for post-secondary
education will increase as a result of demographic, economic and social trends. The US. Census Bureau has reported that
approximately 63 million adults over the age of 25 in the United States do not have more than a high school education, and
approximately 35 million adults over the age of 25 have some college experience but have not completed a college degree. Other
trends that could positively impact demand for our programs include:
0 increasing demand by employers for certain types of professional and skilled workers;
0 growth in the number of high school graduates from 2.8 million in 1999-2000 to an estimated 3.5 million in 2016-2017,
according to the National Center for Education Statistics;
0 the signiﬁcant and measurable income premium and enhanced employment prospects attributable to post-secondary
education;
4