Table,of,Contents
Mr. Brian W. Jones Mr. Jones was elected to the Board of Trustees in 2015 as an ex officio member and has
served as Strayer University President since 2015. Mr. Jones joined Strayer University in
2012 as the General Counsel. (See Item 10 below for additional biographical information.)
Mr. Todd A. Milano Mr. Milano has served as a member of the Board of Trustees since 1992 and has more
than 30 years of experience in post-secondary education. He is President Emeritus and
Ambassador for Central Penn College, where he has devoted his entire professional
career, having served as President and Chief Executive Officer from 1989 to 2012. (See
Item 10 below for additional biographical information.)
Dr. William C. Reha, MD* Dr. Reha has served as a member of the Board of Trustees since 2007 and is Chair of its
Alumni and Student Affairs Committee. He is a Board Certified Urologic Surgeon in
Woodbridge, Virginia. Dr. Reha is active in Strayer University alumni affairs and is the
2005 Outstanding Alumni Award winner. Dr. Reha has served as President of the Prince
William County Medical Society, the Potomac Hospital Medical Staff, and the Virginia
Urological Society. He was also Speaker and is the immediate former President of the
Medical Society of Virginia. He serves on the Virginia Delegation to the American
Medical Association and is a State Society Network Representative for the American
Association of Clinical Urologists. Dr. Reha is a Fellow of the Claude Moore Physician
Leadership Institute and holds a bachelor’s degree in biochemistry from Binghamton
University, an MD. from New York Medical College, and a master’s in business
administration from Strayer University. He completed his residency in Surgery/Urology at
Georgetown University.
Dr. Peter D. Salins* Dr. Salins has served as a member of the Board of Trustees since 2002 and is Chair of its
Curriculum and Assessment Committee. Having served as Provost and Vice Chancellor
for Academic Affairs of the State University of New York (SUNY) system from 1997 to
2006, he is currently University Professor of Political Science at SUNY’s Stony Brook
University and Director of its graduate program in public policy. Dr. Salins is a Fellow of
the American Institute of Certiﬁed Planners and a Director of the Citizens Housing and
Planning Council of New York. Dr. Salins holds a bachelor’s degree in architecture, a
master’s degree in regional planning and a doctorate in metropolitan studies and regional
planning, all from Syracuse University.
9