Table,of,C,ontents
University Senior Management
Brian W. Jones is University President. His biographical information is set forth in Item 10 below. At the regional and
campus levels, the academic functions are overseen by the Regional Vice Provost and Campus Deans. Faculty are overseen by the
Vice President of Faculty and Deans of Faculty. Day-to-day business operations are managed by a Campus Director. Campuses
are staffed with personnel performing academic advising, financial aid, student services, admissions and career development
functions. Learning resource centers at campuses support the University’s instructional programs. Each learning resource center
contains a library and computer laboratories and is Operated by a full-time manager and/or a part-time assistant, depending on the
campus student population, who assist students in the use of research resources.
Strayer Education, Inc. Executive Ofﬁcers
For a description of Strayer Education, Inc’s senior management, see the biographical information set forth in Item 10
below.
Outreach
To identify potential students, we engage in a broad range of activities to inform working adults and their employers about
the programs offered at Strayer University. These activities include direct and digital marketing, marketing to our existing
students and graduates, print and broadcast advertising, student referrals, and corporate and government outreach activities. Direct
response methods (direct and digital marketing) are used to generate inquiries from potential students. Strayer University
maintains booths and information tables at appr0priate conferences and expos, as well as at transfer days at community colleges.
We also depend on the recommendation of our alumni network to maintain and enhance Strayer University’s reputation and
promote its quality education. Our business-to-business outreach efforts include personal telephone calls, distribution of
information through corporate intranets and human resource departments, and on—site information meetings. We record inquiries
in our database and track them through to application and registration. Additionally, we provide information about new programs
to students and alumni to encourage them to return for further education.
Student Proﬁle
The majority of Strayer University students are working adults completing their first college degree to improve their job
skills and advance their careers. Of the students enrolled in Strayer University’s programs at the beginning of the 2016 fall
quarter, approximately 65% were age 31 or older and approximately 85% were engaged in part-time study (fewer than three
courses each quarter for undergraduate students and fewer than two for graduate students).
In the 2016 fall quarter, our undergraduate students registered for an average of approximately two courses and our graduate
students for an average of approximately one course.
Strayer University has a very diverse student population. At the beginning of the 2016 fall quarter, approximately 76% of
students reporting ethnicity were minorities and approximately 66% of students were women. Approximately 1% of the
University’s students were international, and approximately 1% were active duty military personnel. Strayer University prides
itself on making post-secondary education accessible to working adults who were previously unable to take advantage of
educational Opportunities.
1 1