Table,of,Contents
We face strong competition in the post-secondary education market
Post-secondary education in the United States is highly competitive. We compete with traditional public and private two-
year and four-year colleges, other for-proﬁt schools and alternatives to higher education, such as employment and military
service. Public colleges may offer programs similar to those of Strayer University at a lower tuition level as a result of
government subsidies, government and foundation grants, tax-deductible contributions and other ﬁnancial sources not available to
proprietary institutions. Some of our competitors in both the public and private sectors have substantially greater ﬁnancial and
other resources than we do. Congress, the Department of Education, and other agencies have required increasing disclosure of
information to consumers. While we believe that Strayer University provides valuable education to its students, we cannot predict
the bases on which individual students and potential students will choose among the range of educational and other options
available to them. This strong competition could adversely affect our business.
Strayer relies on exclusive proprietary rights and intellectual property, and competitors may attempt to duplicate our
programs and methods.
Third parties may attempt to develop competing programs or duplicate or copy aspects of our curriculum, online library,
quality management and other pr0prietary content. Any such attempt, if successful, could adversely affect our business. In the
ordinary course of business, we develop intellectual pr0perty of many kinds that is or will be the subject of copyright, trademark,
service mark, patent, trade secret or other protections. Such intellectual property includes, but is not limited to, courseware
materials for classes taught online and on-ground, and business know-how and internal processes and procedures developed to
respond to the requirements of its various education regulatory agencies.
Seasonal and other ﬂuctuations in our operating results could adversely aﬂect the trading price of our common stock.
Our business is subject to seasonal ﬂuctuations, which cause our operating results to ﬂuctuate from quarter to quarter. This
ﬂuctuation may result in volatility or have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. We experience, and expect
to continue to experience, seasonal ﬂuctuations in our revenue. Historically, our quarterly revenues and income have been lowest
in the third quarter (July through September) because fewer students are enrolled during the summer months. We also incur
signiﬁcant expenses in the third quarter in preparing for our peak enrollment in the fourth quarter (October through December),
including investing in online and campus infrastructure necessary to support increased usage. These investments result in
ﬂuctuations in our operating results which could result in volatility or have an adverse effect on the market price of our common
stock. In addition, the online education market is a rapidly evolving market, and we may not be able to forecast accurately future
enrollment growth and revenues.
Regulatory requirements may make it more difﬁcult to acquire us.
A change in ownership resulting in a change of control of Strayer University would trigger a requirement for recertification
of Strayer University by the Department of Education for purposes of participation in federal student financial aid programs, a
review of Strayer University’s accreditation by Middle States and reauthorization of Strayer University by certain state licensing
and other regulatory agencies. If we underwent a change of control that required approval by any state authority, Middle States or
any federal agency, and any required regulatory approval were significantly delayed, limited or denied, there could be a material
adverse effect on our ability to offer certain educational programs, award certain degrees, diplomas or certiﬁcates, operate one or
more of our locations, admit certain students or participate in Title IV programs, which in turn could have a material adverse
effect on our business. These factors may discourage takeover attempts.
Capacity constraints or system disruptions to Strayer University ’s computer networks could damage the reputation of
Strayer University and limit our ability to attract and retain students.
The performance and reliability of Strayer University’s computer networks, especially the online educational platform, is
critical to our reputation and ability to attract and retain students. Any system error or failure, or a sudden and significant increase
in trafﬁc, could result in the unavailability of Strayer University’s computer networks. We
39