Table,of,Contents
On November 1, 2016, the Department of Education released a new regulation, scheduled to take effect July 1, 2017, that
makes significant changes to the financial responsibility criterion. Under the final regulation, an institution may no longer be
considered ﬁnancially responsible if one or more of a list of “triggering events” occurs. The Department of Education will
automatically determine that an institution is not financially responsible if, among other things, the institution receives certain
warnings from the SEC, fails to timely file required reports, or has a cohort default rate of 30% or greater for each of the two most
recent ofﬁcial calculations. The Department of Education will also determine that an institution is not financially responsible if
certain triggering events, such as a lawsuit against the institution, an accrediting agency’s requirement that the institution submit a
teach-out plan, or potential loss of Title IV eligibility for gainful employment programs, result in the institution’s recalculated
composite score to be less than 1.0. The Department of Education may also invoke certain “discretionary” triggering events, such
as citation by a state agency or accrediting agency for failure to satisfy the agency’s standards, to determine that an institution is
not financially responsible. On January 30, 2017, the new Administration indicated in a notice published in the Federal Register
that it intends to take action in relation to this regulation, but it is unclear what that action will be or when it will be taken.
Student Loan Defaults
Under the Higher Education Act, an educational institution may lose its eligibility to participate in some or all of the Title IV
programs if defaults on the repayment of Direct Loan or Federal Family Education Loan (“F FEL”) Program loans by its students
exceed certain levels. The Department of Education uses a speciﬁc methodology to determine default rates and imposes varying
sanctions based upon the results of that calculation. As discussed below, the cohort default rate calculation and threshold for
regulatory sanctions changed effective 2014 as a result of the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act through the Higher
Education Opportunity Act (“HEOA”), which was effective August 18, 2008.
The Department of Education calculates a rate of student defaults (known as a cohort default rate) for each institution with
30 or more borrowers entering repayment in a given federal fiscal year. The Department of Education includes in the cohort all
student borrowers at the institution who entered repayment on any Direct or FFEL Program loan during that year. The cohort
default rate is the percentage of those borrowers who become subject to their repayment obligation in the relevant federal fiscal
year and default by the end of the second federal fiscal year following that fiscal year, resulting in a three-year cohort default rate.
Because of the need to collect data on defaults, the Department of Education publishes cohort default rates three years in arrears;
for example, in the fall of 20 16, the Department of Education issued cohort default rates for federal fiscal year 2013.
The Department of Education may take adverse action against an institution if it has excessive cohort default rates, including
the following:
o If an institution’s cohort default rate is 30% or more in a given fiscal year, the institution will be required to assemble a
“default prevention task force” and submit to the Department of Education a default improvement plan.
0 If an institution’s cohort default rate exceeds 30% for two consecutive years, the institution will be required to review,
revise and resubmit its default improvement plan.
0 If an institution’s cohort default rate exceeds 30% for two out of three consecutive years, the Department of Education
may subject the institution to provisional certiﬁcation.
0 If an institution’s cohort default rate is equal to or greater than 30% for each of the three most recent federal ﬁscal years
for which data are available, the institution will be ineligible to participate in the Direct Loan Program and Federal Pell
Grant Program.
An institution generally loses eligibility to participate in Title IV programs if its most recent cohort default rate is greater
than 40%, and institutions with a cohort default rate equal to or greater than 15% for any of the three most recent fiscal years for
which data are available are subject to a 30-day delayed disbursement period for ﬁrst-year, first-time
20