Table,of,Contents
institution voluntarily discontinued or became ineligible, or a gainful employment program that is substantially similar to such a
program, until three years after the loss of eligibility or discontinuance.
Credit Hours
The Higher Education Act and regulations use the term “credit hour” to deﬁne an eligible program and an academic year and
to determine enrollment status and the amount of Title IV program funds an institution may disburse during a payment period.
The regulations define the term “credit hour” and require accrediting agencies and/or state authorization agencies to review the
reliability and accuracy of an institution’s credit hour assignments. If an accreditor does not comply with this requirement, its
recognition by the Department of Education could be jeopardized. If an accreditor identifies systematic or significant
noncompliance in one or more of an institution’s programs, the accreditor must notify the Secretary of Education. If the
Department of Education determines that an institution is out of compliance with the credit hour definition, the Department of
Education could impose liabilities or other sanctions.
Other Regulations Governing Title IV Programs
The Department of Education has enacted a comprehensive set of regulations governing an institution’s participation in Title
IV programs. If Strayer University were not to continue to comply with these regulations, such noncompliance might affect the
operations of the University and its ability to participate in Title IV programs.
The Clery Act
Strayer University must comply with the campus safety and security reporting requirements as well as other requirements in
the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act (the “Clery Act”). In addition, the
Department has interpreted Title IX to categorize sexual violence as a form of prohibited sex discrimination and to require
institutions to follow certain disciplinary procedures with respect to such offenses. Failure by Strayer University to comply with
the Clery Act or Title IX requirements or regulations thereunder could result in action by the Department fining Strayer
University, or limiting or suspending its participating in Title IV programs, could lead to litigation, and could harm Strayer
University’s reputation. We believe that Strayer University is in compliance with these requirements.
Compliance Reviews
Strayer University is subject to announced and unannounced compliance reviews and audits by various external agencies,
including the Department of Education, its Ofﬁce of Inspector General, state licensing agencies, guaranty agencies, and
accrediting agencies. The Higher Education Act and Department of Education regulations also require an institution to submit
annually to the Secretary of Education a compliance audit of its administration of Title IV programs conducted by an independent
certified public accountant in accordance with Government Auditing Standards and applicable audit guides of the Department of
Education’s Office of Inspector General. In addition, to enable the Secretary of Education to make a determination of financial
responsibility, an institution must submit annually to the Secretary of Education audited financial statements prepared in
accordance with Department of Education regulations.
In 2014, the Department of Education conducted four campus-based program reviews of Strayer University locations in three
states and the District of Columbia. The reviews covered federal financial aid years 2012-2013 and 2013-2014, and two of the
reviews also covered compliance with the Clery Act, the Drug-Free Schools and Communities Act, and regulations related
thereto. For three of the program reviews, we received correspondence from the Department closing the program reviews with no
further action required by us. For the other program review, the University received a Final Program Review Determination Letter
closing the review and identifying a payment of less than $500 due to the Department of Education based on an underpayment on
a return to Title IV calculation. The University remitted payment, and received a letter from the Department indicating that no
further action was required and that the matter was closed.
26