Table,of,Contents
STRAYER EDUCATION, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
goods or services to a customer at an amount that reﬂects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those goods
or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the
Eﬂective Date , which defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year to fiscal years, and interim periods within those
years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years,
beginning after December 15, 2016. Accordingly, the new revenue recognition standard is effective for the Company on January
1, 2018 using either a full retrospective or a modiﬁed retrospective approach. During 2016, the F ASB issued four new ASUS
amending certain aspects of ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently evaluating which transition approach to use and the impact
that the new revenue recognition standard and related ASUS will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses , which is included in ASC Topic
326, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The new guidance revises the accounting requirements related to
the measurement of credit losses and will require organizations to measure all expected credit losses for ﬁnancial assets based on
historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts about collectibility. Assets must be presented in
the financial statements at the net amount expected to be collected. The guidance will be effective for the Company's annual and
interim reporting periods beginning January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact this
standard will have on its financial condition, results of operations, and disclosures.
In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-
15, Classiﬁcation of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments , which is included in FASB Accounting Standards Codiﬁcation
(ASC) Topic 230, Statement of Cash Flows . The new guidance clarifies how companies present and classify certain cash receipts
and cash payments in the statement of cash ﬂows, including contingent consideration payments made after a business acquisition.
The guidance will be effective for the Company's annual and interim reporting periods beginning January 1, 2018, and early
adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its financial
condition, results of operations, or disclosures.
Other ASUS issued by the FASB but not yet effective are not expected to have a material effect on the Company’s
Consolidated Financial Statements.
3. Acquisition of New York Code and Design Academy
On January 13, 2016, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of NYCDA, a provider of non-degree information
technology curriculum based in New York City (the “Acquisition”). The Acquisition supports the Company’s strategy to leverage
current resources and capabilities to grow into new high demand sectors of the education marketplace. The Company incurred
transaction costs of approximately $0.2 million, and these costs are included in general and administrative costs in the
consolidated statements of income. The Acquisition is accounted for as a business combination.
The purchase price included $2.4 million paid up front in cash, plus contingent cash payments of (a) up to $12.5 million
payable based on NYCDA’s results of operations over a five-year period (the “Earnout”), and (b) $5.5 million payable based on
NYCDA’s receipt of state regulatory permits. Pursuant to the Acquisition, $1.0 million of the Earnout may be accelerated upon
receipt of one of the state regulatory permits. In April 2016 and August 2016, NYCDA received the state regulatory permits and
the Company paid $6.0 and $0.5 million of contingent consideration to the sellers, respectively.
In addition, the Company paid a total of $4.6 million to two of NYCDA’s founders who are required to remain employed for
at least three years from the acquisition date. If either of them terminates employment voluntarily, or is terminated for cause (as
defined), he is required to reimburse the Company his respective portion of the retention amount. This amount is classified as
prepaid compensation and is amortized to compensation expense over three years.
68