Table,of,Contents
Mr. Chad D. Nyce is the University’s Chief Operating Ofﬁcer. He joined Strayer University in 2007. Previously, he was a
regional vice president of operations for InteliStafHealthcare, Inc., one of the nation's largest privately-held healthcare staffing
firms. Prior to his tenure at InteliStaf, he served as a vice president of the Investment Banking Division at Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Chad has also held senior management positions at BostonCoach, a wholly owned subsidiary of Fidelity Investments. He holds a
bachelor’s and master’s degree from Temple University.
Additional information responsive to this item is hereby incorporated by reference from the sections titled “Election of
Directors,” “Board Structure,” “Code of Ethics” and “Section 16(a) Beneﬁcial Ownership Reporting Compliance” contained in
the Company’s Proxy Statement, which will be filed no later than 120 days following December 31, 2016.
Item 11. Executive Compensatio n
The information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference from the sections entitled “Compensation
Discussion and Analysis” and the related tables and narrative thereto, “Director Compensation” and the related tables thereto,
“Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” and “Compensation Committee Report” to be contained in the
Company’s Proxy Statement, which will be ﬁled no later than 120 days following December 31, 2016.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneﬁcial Owners and Management
The information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference from the section entitled “Beneficial Ownership of
Common Stock” and “Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans” to be contained in the Company’s
Proxy Statement, which will be ﬁled no later than 120 days following December 31, 2016.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transaction s
The information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference from the sections entitled “Board Structure” and
“Certain Transactions with Related Parties” to be contained in the Company’s Proxy Statement, which will be ﬁled no later than
120 days following December 31, 2016.
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Service s
The information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference from the section entitled “Proposal 2 —
Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” to be contained in the Company’s Proxy
Statement, which will be filed no later than 120 days following December 31, 2016.
PART I V
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 8
(A)(1) Financial Statements
All required ﬁnancial statements of the registrant are set forth under Item 8 of this report on Form 10-K.
(A)(2) Financial Statement Schedule
All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the
consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.
(A)(3) Exhibits
The exhibits required to be ﬁled as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed in the Exhibit Index attached hereto
and are incorporated herein by reference.
Item 16. Item 10-K Summary
Not applicable.
87