Table,of,Contents
STRAYER EDUCATION, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
qualitative assessment as of September 30 and December 31, the Company determined it was not more likely than not that the fair
value of its goodwill for JW MI and NYCDA was less than the carrying amount and, accordingly, no impairment existed in 2016.
The Company tested its intangible assets concurrently with goodwill and determined that no impairment existed in 2016.
The following table presents changes in goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2016 (in thousands):
I 2,015 _ 2016
Balanc_e_as_oﬂhe_beginningof p_er_io_d $ 6,800 $ 6,800 |
Acqusiticmsep th_e_3_) — 142242 I
LMeasurementperindﬁdjustments — _ (298)
Balance as of the end of period 6,800: 20,744:
Long-Term Liabilities
Included in the Company’s long-term liabilities are amounts related to the Company’s operating leases, deferred payments
related to an acquisition completed in 2011, and the non-current portion of deferred revenue. In conjunction with the opening of
some campuses and other facilities, the Company was reimbursed by the lessors for improvements made to those leased
properties. In accordance with the Operating Leases Subtopic, ASC 840-20 (“ASC 840-20”), these underlying assets were
capitalized as leasehold improvements and a liability was established for the reimbursements. The leasehold improvements and
the liability are amortized on a straight-line basis over the corresponding lease terms, which generally range from five to ten
years. In accordance with ASC 840-20, the Company records rent expense on a straight-line basis over the initial term of a lease.
The cumulative difference between the rent payment and the straight-line rent expense is recorded as a liability. The Company
also recorded the non-current portion of the gain related to the sale and lease back of a campus facility as a long-term liability.
Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
On the date that the Company enters into a derivative contract, it designates the derivative as a hedge of (a) a forecasted
transaction or (b) the variability of cash ﬂows that are to be received or paid in connection with a recognized asset or liability (a
cash ﬂow hedge). All derivatives are recognized in the balance sheet at their fair value.
Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is highly effective and that is designated and qualifies as a cash ﬂow hedge, to
the extent that the hedge is effective, are recorded, net of income tax, in other comprehensive income, until earnings are affected
by the variability of cash flows of the hedged transaction (e. g., until periodic settlements of a variable-rate asset or liability are
recorded in earnings). Any hedge ineffectiveness (which represents the amount by which the changes in the fair value of the
derivative exceed the variability in the cash flows of the forecasted transaction) is recorded in current-period earnings.
The Company formally documents all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk-
management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. The Company also formally assesses (both at the
hedge’s inception and on an ongoing basis) whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions have been highly
effective in offsetting changes in the fair value or cash ﬂows of hedged items and whether those derivatives may be expected to
remain highly effective in future periods. When it is determined that a derivative is not (or has ceased to be) highly effective as a
hedge, the Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively.
Authorized Stock
The Company has authorized 20,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.01, of which 11,027,177 and 11,093,489
shares were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2015 and 2016, respectively. The Company also has authorized 8,000,000
shares of preferred stock, none of which has been issued or outstanding since 2004. Before any
65