Table,of,Contents
The Department of Education conducted four campus-based program reviews of Strayer University’s administration of Title
IV programs in three states and the District of Columbia, with one on-site review conducted August 18-20, 2014; one on-site
review conducted September 8-11, 2014; and two on-site reviews conducted September 22-26, 2014. On October 21, 2014, the
Department of Education issued an Expedited Final Program Review Determination Letter for one of the program reviews
conducted the week of September 22, 2014, closing the program review with no further action required by us. On November 17,
2014, we received a Program Review Report for the program review conducted in August 2014, and provided a response to the
Department of Education on December 15, 2014. On January 7, 2015, we received a Final Program Review Determination letter
from that August 2014 review, closing the program review with no further action required by us. On March 24, 2015, the
Company received a Program Review Report for another program review, and provided a response to the Department on April
21, 2015. On April 29, 2015, the Company received a Final Program Review Determination Letter closing the review and
identifying a payment of less than $500 due to the Department of Education based on an underpayment on a return to Title IV
calculation. The Company remitted payment, and received a letter from the Department on May 26, 2015, indicating that no
further action was required and that the matter was closed. On September 15, 2015, the Company received a Program Review
Report for the final program review, and provided a response to the Department on October 5, 2015. On January 5, 2016, the
Company received a Final Program Review Determination Letter for the ﬁnal program review, indicating that the program review
was closed and no further action was required.
On August 21, 2014, the Department of Education notified Strayer University that its Program Participation Agreement was
approved on a provisional basis because of the Department of Education’s program reviews open at the time of issuance. On
October 1, 2014, we received a fully executed provisional Program Participation Agreement which allows us to continue to
administer Title IV aid through June 30, 2017, subject to the condition that Strayer University must obtain the Department of
Education’s approval for substantial changes, including the addition of any new location, level of academic offering, or non-
degree and degree programs. Strayer University must apply to the Department of Education for recertification to participate in
Title IV programs on or before March 31, 2017, and intends to do so in a timely manner.
If we fail to maintain our institutional accreditation or if our institutional accrediting body loses recognition by the
Department of Education, we would lose our ability to participate in Title I V programs.
The loss of Strayer University’s accreditation by Middle States or Middle States’ loss of recognition by the Department of
Education would render Strayer University ineligible to participate in Title IV programs and would have a material adverse effect
on our business. In addition, an adverse action by Middle States other than loss of accreditation, such as issuance of a warning,
could have a material adverse effect on our business. In November 2015, the Department of Education announced a set of
executive actions and legislative proposals to increase transparency and rigor in accreditation. On January 20, 2016, the
Department of Education issued additional recommendations related to accreditation. On September 22, 2016, the Department of
Education rescinded its recognition of the Accreditation Council of Independent Colleges and Schools. Increased scrutiny of
accreditors by the Secretary of Education in connection with the Department of Education’s recognition process may result in
increased scrutiny of institutions by accreditors or have other adverse consequences.
If we fail to maintain any of our state authorizations, we would lose our ability to operate in that state and to participate
in Title I V programs there.
Each Strayer University campus is authorized to operate and to grant degrees, diplomas or certificates by the applicable
education agency or agencies of the state where the campus is located. Such state authorization is required for students at the
campus to participate in Title IV programs. The loss of state authorization would, among other things, render Strayer University
ineligible to participate in Title IV programs at least at those state campus locations, limit Strayer University’s ability to operate
in that state and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Effective July 1, 2011, Department of Education regulations provide that an institution is considered legally authorized by a
state if the state has a process to review and appropriately act on complaints concerning the institution, including enforcing
applicable state laws, and the institution complies with any applicable state approval or licensure
33