Table,of,Contents
programs of higher education. These associations establish criteria for accreditation, conduct peer-review evaluations of
institutions and programs, and publicly designate those institutions that meet their standards. Accredited schools are subject to
periodic review by accrediting bodies to determine whether such schools continue to maintain the performance, integrity and
quality required for accreditation. If an institution’s performance does not meet its accrediting agency’s (or other regulator’s)
expectations or applicable standards, then its operations may be conditioned, severely constrained or even curtailed, depending on
the severity of the noncompliance.
Middle States accredits degree-granting public and private colleges and universities in its region (including Delaware,
Washington, DC, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Puerto Rico and the US. Virgin Islands), including distance
education programs offered by those institutions. Accreditation by Middle States is an important attribute of Strayer University.
Colleges and universities depend on accreditation to evaluate transferability of credit and applications to graduate schools.
Employers rely on the accreditation status of institutions when evaluating a candidate’s credentials or considering tuition
reimbursement programs. Students rely on accreditation status for assurance that an institution maintains quality educational
standards.
In order for institutions to be eligible to participate in federal student financial assistance programs, they must be accredited
by an institutional accreditor recognized by the Secretary of Education. The Higher Education Act charges the National Advisory
Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity (“NACIQI”) with recommending to the Secretary of Education which
accrediting or state approval agencies should be recognized as reliable authorities for judging the quality of post-secondary
institutions and programs. In December 2014, NACIQI renewed its recognition of Middle States through fall 2017. If an
institutional accreditor loses recognition by the Secretary of Education, an institution may be allowed to continue its participation
on a provisional basis in Title IV programs for a period not to exceed 18 months to allow the institution to seek accreditation from
another recognized accrediting agency. An institution that does not become accredited by another recognized accreditor within 18
months will lose Title IV eligibility.
Beginning in 2013, Middle States undertook a review of its accreditation standards and, in June 2014, approved revised
accreditation standards. Middle States gave some institutions that were due for reaccreditation in 2016-2017, the opportunity to be
evaluated against the revised standards. However, most institutions scheduled for evaluations during the 2016-2017 time frame
will be evaluated under the standards in place prior to June 2014. Strayer’s ongoing evaluation, which commenced in Spring 2015
with a self-study, will proceed under the accreditation standards in place prior to the revision. The next evaluation visit is
scheduled for February 27, 2017.
In 2016, Middle States provided that reaccreditation for all of its institutions will be for a period of eight years (rather than
ten, as previously was the case) and that institutions will be required to submit annual reports on student achievement and
financial sustainability. In accordance with Middle States’ accreditation standards, every accredited institution will undergo a
periodic review at the mid-point between its eight-year evaluations.
All of Strayer University’s substantive changes require prior Middle States approval. Such changes include, but are not
limited to, certain new educational programs, certain contractual arrangements with other institutions providing a portion of an
educational program, establishment or closure of additional locations and branch campuses, and changes in ownership or control.
In 2000, the agencies that accredit higher education institutions in various regions of the United States adopted a Policy
Statement on Evaluation of Institutions Operating Interregionally. Under that policy, both the home regional accreditor and the
host regional accreditor c00perate to evaluate an institution that delivers education at a physical site in the host accreditor’s
region. Although the home region is solely responsible for final accreditation actions, as Strayer University opens campuses in
regions outside Middle States’ region, the host regional accreditors may elect to participate in the accreditation process of such
expansion operations.
In addition to institutional accreditation, the University has obtained specialized or programmatic accreditation, or
professional recognition, from the following organizations for specific programs: the Accreditation Council for Business Schools
and Programs (ACBSP), the Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM), the National Security Agency’s Committee on
National Security Systems, and the Council for the Accreditation of Educator Preparation (CAEP, formerly the Teacher
Education Accreditation Council).
1 5