Table,of,C,ontents
Mr. G. Thomas Waite, III has been Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Humane Society of the United States since
1997 and prior to that served as Controller beginning in 1993. In 1992, Mr. Waite was the Director of Commercial Management
of The National Housing Partnership. Mr. Waite has served on the Board since 1996, is Chair of the Audit Committee of the
Board and is a former member of the Strayer University Board of Trustees. Mr. Waite holds a bachelor’s degree in commerce
from the University of Virginia and is a Certified Public Accountant.
Mr. J. David Wargo has been President of Wargo and Company, Inc., an investment management company, since 1993. Mr.
Wargo is a co-founder and was a Member of New Mountain Capital, LLC, from 2000 to 2008, and was a Senior Advisor there
from 2008 until 2011. From 1989 to 1992, Mr. Wargo was a Managing Director and Senior Analyst of The Putnam Companies, a
Boston-based investment management company. From 1985 to 1989, Mr. Wargo was a partner and held other positions at Marble
Arch Partners. Mr. Wargo is also a Director of Liberty Global, Inc., Liberty Broadband Corporation, Discovery Communications,
Inc., and Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. Mr. Wargo has served on the Board since 2001 and is Chair of the Compensation
Committee of the Board and is a member of the Audit Committee. Mr. Wargo holds a bachelor’s degree in physics and a master’s
degree in nuclear engineering, both from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He also holds a master’s degree in
management science from the Sloan School of Management, which is the business school of the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology.
Executive Ofﬁcers
Mr. Daniel W. Jackson is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Jackson has been with the company
since 2003 and has served as Senior Vice President of Finance, Regional Vice President of Operations, Director of Business
Operations, Campus Director, and as Manager of Financial Analysis. Prior to joining Strayer, Mr. Jackson was an Equity
Research Associate with Legg Mason Wood Walker, and Director of Operations for Fairmont Schools, Inc. Mr. Jackson holds a
bachelor’s degree in international affairs from the University of Colorado at Boulder, and a master’s degree in business
administration from Georgetown University.
Mr. Thomas J. Aprahamian is Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Aprahamian has been
with the Company since 2009 and has served as University Controller and Vice President and Controller. Mr. Aprahamian
previously held a variety of accounting operations and financial reporting roles including the Chief Accounting Officer at The
Advisory Board Company, where he served from 2001 to 2007. Prior to that he spent seven years in the telecommunications
industry and began his career at Arthur Andersen & Co. Mr. Aprahamian passed the CPA exam and earned his bachelor of
business administration degree from James Madison University.
University Ofﬁcers
Mr. Brian W. Jones is the University President. Mr. Jones joined Strayer University in 2012 as the General Counsel. Prior to
joining Strayer University, he co-founded and served as president of Latimer Education, Inc., a venture-backed company
partnering with a historically black college to provide online postsecondary education solutions to African American working
adults. He previously served for four years as the US. Department of Education’s general counsel, a Senate-confirmed
presidential appointment, under former Secretary of Education Rod Paige; among other senior higher education roles. Jones
currently chairs the board of the National Alliance for Public Charter Schools. He previously served as chair of the DC. Public
Charter School Board (PCSB), having been twice nominated by the Secretary of Education and appointed by the Mayor of the
District of Columbia. Mr. Jones holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Georgetown University and a juris
doctor degree from the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA) School of Law.
Ms. Andrea S. Backman is Provost and Chief Academic Officer. Ms. Backman most recently served as Dean of the Jack
Welch Management Institute where she was responsible for all academic matters including faculty on-boarding and performance
management, product design and development and the overall student experience. Prior to joining JWIVII, Ms. Backman served as
a faculty member and online leader at the University of Virginia. She also served as Senior Vice Provost for Faculty at Strayer
University, Director of New Program Development at the University of Virginia and Associate Director for Distance Education at
DePaul University. Prior to her work in academia, she worked in industry in both marketing and research functions. She holds a
PhD from the University of Virginia, a master’s degree from DePaul University and an undergraduate degree from the
Pennsylvania State University.
86