Table,of,Contents
participate actively in the University by providing leadership, developing the curriculum, setting academic policy, and serving on
assessment committees.
We provide financial support for faculty members seeking to enhance their skills and knowledge. The University maintains a
professional development funding program that reimburses eligible faculty and deans for completing courses, continuing
education, seminars, and various programs that enhance their current credentials and knowledge base to improve their content
expertise. Full-time faculty (and all other full-time employees) receive a 90% discount for all Strayer University courses. The
University also conducts annual in-house faculty workshops in each discipline. We believe that our dedicated and capable faculty
is one of the keys to our success.
Organization of Strayer University
Overall academic and business decisions of the University, including review and approval of the annual financial budget, are
directed by its Board of Trustees. The Board of Trustees consists of Dr. Charlotte F. Beason, Chairwoman, and currently eight
other members. The University By-Laws prescribe that a majority of members be independent from the University and Strayer
Education, Inc. to assure independent oversight of all academic programs and services. Of the nine members, ﬁve are independent
from the University and Strayer Education, Inc. The current Trustees are listed below:
Board of Trustees
Dr. Charlotte F. Beason Dr. Beason is the Chairwoman of the Board of Trustees. She has served as a member of
the Board of Trustees since 1996. She has extensive experience in education, distance
learning, and the accreditation of education programs. (See Item 10 below for additional
biographical information.)
Mr. Mark C. Brown Mr. Brown is Vice Chairman of the Board of Trustees. In 2015, he retired from his role as
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer of Strayer Education, Inc, a
position he held for 14 years, and joined the University’s Board of Trustees. Mr. Brown
was previously the Chief Financial Officer of the Kantar Group, the information and
consultancy division of WPP Group, a multi—national communications services company.
Prior to that, for nearly 12 years, Mr. Brown held a variety of management positions at
PepsiCo, Inc., including Director of Corporate Planning for Pepsi Bottling Group and
Business Unit Chief Financial Ofﬁcer for Pepsi-Cola International. Mr. Brown is a
Certiﬁed Public Accountant who started his career with PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP.
Mr. Brown holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Duke University and a master’s
degree in business administration from Harvard University.
Dr. Jonathan Gueverra* Dr. Gueverra was elected to the Board of Trustees in 2012. He now serves as the President
and Chief Executive Officer of Florida Keys Community College. Prior to this
appointment, he was the founding Chief Executive Officer of the Community College of
the District of Columbia, the ﬁrst community college in Washington, DC. With over 25
years of higher education experience, Dr. Gueverra has served in a variety of
administrative and faculty positions in two-year and four-year colleges and universities
along the nation’s east coast. In 2015, he was elected to the board of trustees for the
Southern Association of Schools and Colleges, Commission on Colleges. Prior to this, he
served as a member of the board of the American Association for Community Colleges
and co-chaired the Commission on Workforce Development. In addition, Dr. Gueverra
serves on the Steering Committee and the Communications Committee for the Council of
Presidents for the Florida College System. Dr. Gueverra holds an associate degree from
Newbury College, a bachelor’s degree from Providence College, and a master’s degree in
business administration and a doctorate in education both from the University of
Massachusetts.
8