Table,of,Contents
Potential Eﬁ‘ect of Regulatory Violations
If Strayer University fails to comply with the regulatory standards governing Title IV programs, the Department of
Education could impose one or more sanctions, including transferring Strayer University from the advance payment method to the
reimbursement or cash monitoring system of payment, seeking to require repayment of certain Title IV funds, requiring the
University to post a letter of credit in favor of the Department of Education as a condition for continued Title IV certiﬁcation,
taking emergency action against the University, referring the matter for criminal prosecution or initiating proceedings to impose a
fine or to limit, condition, suspend or terminate Strayer University’s participation in Title IV programs. Although there are no
such sanctions currently in force, if such sanctions or proceedings were imposed against Strayer University and resulted in a
substantial curtailment, or termination, of the University’s participation in Title IV programs or resulted in substantial fines or
monetary liabilities, Strayer University would be materially and adversely affected.
If Strayer University lost its eligibility to participate in Title IV programs, or if Congress reduced the amount of available
federal student financial aid, the University would seek to arrange or provide alternative sources of revenue or financial aid for
students. Although the University believes that one or more private organizations would be willing to provide financial assistance
to students attending Strayer University, there is no assurance that this would be the case, and the interest rate and other terms of
such student financial aid are unlikely to be as favorable as those for Title IV program funds. Strayer University might be required
to guarantee all or part of such alternative assistance in a manner that complies with rules governing schools’ relationships with
lenders or might incur other additional costs in connection with securing alternative sources of financial aid. Accordingly, the loss
of eligibility of Strayer University to participate in Title IV programs, or a reduction in the amount of available federal student
financial aid, would be expected to have a material adverse effect on Strayer University, even if it could arrange or provide
alternative sources of revenue or student financial aid.
In addition to the actions that may be brought against us as a result of our participation in Title IV programs, we also may be
subject, from time to time, to complaints and lawsuits relating to regulatory compliance brought not only by our regulatory
agencies, but also by other government agencies and third parties.
Change in Ownership Resulting in a Change of Control
Many states and accrediting agencies require institutions of higher education to report or obtain approval of certain changes
in ownership or other aspects of institutional status, but the types of and triggers for such reporting or approval vary among states
and accrediting agencies. Strayer University’s accrediting agency, Middle States, requires institutions that it accredits to inform it
in advance of any substantive change, including a change that significantly alters the ownership or control of the institution.
Examples of substantive changes requiring advance notice to, and approval of, Middle States include changes in the legal status,
ownership or form of control of the institution, such as the sale of a proprietary institution. Middle States must approve a
substantive change in advance in order to include the change in the institution’s accreditation status. Middle States will undertake
a site visit to an institution that has undergone a change in ownership or control no later than six months after the change.
Federal agencies also regulate changes in ownership and control. The Higher Education Act provides that an institution that
undergoes a change in ownership resulting in a change of control loses its eligibility to participate in Title IV programs and must
apply to the Department of Education in order to reestablish such eligibility. An institution is ineligible to receive Title IV
program funds during the period prior to recertification. The Higher Education Act provides that the Department of Education
may temporarily, provisionally certify an institution seeking approval of a change of ownership and control based on preliminary
review by the Department of Education of a materially complete application received by the Department of Education within ten
business days after the transaction. The Department of Education may continue such temporary, provisional certiﬁcation on a
month-to-month basis until it has rendered a final decision on the institution’s application. If the Department of Education
approves the application after a change in ownership and control, it issues a provisional certification, which extends for a period
expiring not later than the end of the third complete award year following the date of provisional certification. The Higher
Education Act defines one of the events that would trigger a change in ownership resulting in a change of control as the transfer
of the controlling interest of the stock of the institution or its parent corporation. For a publicly traded corporation such as Strayer
Education, Inc., the
27