Table,of,C,ontents
We believe the key factors affecting our competitive position include the quality of the programs offered, the quality of other
services provided to students, our reputation among students and in the general marketplace, the cost and perceived value of our
offerings, the employment rate and terms of employment for our graduates, the ease of access to our offerings, the quality and
reputation of our faculty and other employees, the quality of our campus facilities and online platform, the time commitment
required to complete our program and obtain a degree, the quality and size of our alumni base, and our relationship with other
learning institutions.
Regulation
Regulatory Environment
As an institution of higher education accredited by Middle States and operating in multiple jurisdictions, Strayer University
is subject to accreditation rules and varying state licensing and regulatory requirements. In addition, the federal Higher Education
Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder require all higher education institutions that participate in the various Title IV
programs, including Strayer University, to comply with detailed substantive and reporting requirements, and to undergo periodic
regulatory scrutiny. The Higher Education Act mandates speciﬁc regulatory responsibility for each of the following components
of the higher education regulatory triad: (1) the institutional accrediting agencies recognized by the US. Secretary of Education
(“Secretary of Education”); (2) state education regulatory bodies; and (3) the federal government through the Department of
Education. The regulations, standards and policies of these regulatory agencies are subject to frequent change. NYCDA is
subject to certain state regulatory requirements but does not participate in Title IV programs.
The November 2016 federal elections brought a new President and Congress, and we cannot predict the actions that the new
Administration or Congress may take or their effect on Strayer University, NYCDA, or the Company. Among other things, the
new Congress may reauthorize the Higher Education Act and repeal or amend other legislation affecting higher education
institutions. The new Congress or administration may also delay, block, modify, or eliminate certain Title IV and other
regulations applicable to higher education institutions. In addition, the new Administration may interpret, apply, and enforce Title
IV and other regulations in a manner different from current guidance and practice.
Department of Education
To be eligible to participate in Title IV programs, Strayer University must comply with specific standards and procedures set
forth in the Higher Education Act and the regulations issued thereunder by the Department of Education. An institution must,
among other things, be authorized to offer its educational programs by each state in which it is physically located and maintain
institutional accreditation by a recognized accrediting agency, as discussed below. The institution also must be certiﬁed by the
Department of Education to participate in Title IV programs and follow Department of Education rules regarding the awarding
and processing of funds issued under Title IV programs. For purposes of Title IV programs, Strayer University and all of its
campuses are considered to be a single institution of higher education, such that Department of Education requirements applicable
to an institution of higher education are generally applied to all of Strayer University’s campuses in the aggregate rather than on
an individual basis. On October 1, 2014, Strayer University received an executed provisional Program Participation Agreement
with the Department of Education allowing it to participate in Title IV programs until June 30, 2017. The Program Participation
Agreement is provisional because of the program reviews that were open at the time the agreement was issued (described below
in section entitled Program Participation Agreement). Strayer University must apply to the Department of Education for
recertification to participate in Title IV programs on or before March 31, 2017 and intends to do so in a timely manner.
Accreditation
Strayer University has been institutionally accredited since 1981 by Middle States, a regional accrediting agency recognized
by the Secretary of Education. Strayer University’s current period of accreditation by Middle States extends into 2017, and the
University is currently engaged in the reaccreditation process. Accreditation is a system for recognizing educational institutions
for integrity, educational quality, faculty, physical resources, administrative capability and financial stability that signifies that
they merit the confidence of the educational community and the public. In the United States, this recognition comes primarily
through private voluntary associations of institutions and
14