Table,of,C,ontents
Adding new locations, programs and services is dependent on our forecast of the demand for those locations, programs
and services and on regulatory approvals.
Adding new locations, programs and services require us to expend signiﬁcant resources, including making human capital
and financial capital investments, incurring marketing expenses and reallocating other resources. To open a new location, we are
required to obtain appropriate federal, state, and accrediting agency approvals, which may be conditioned or delayed in a manner
that could significantly affect our growth plans. We cannot assure investors that we will open new locations or add new programs
or services in the future.
Our future success depends in part upon our ability to recruit and retain key personnel
Our success to date has been, and our continuing success will be, substantially dependent upon our ability to attract and
retain highly qualified executive ofﬁcers, faculty and administrators and other key personnel. If we cease to employ any of these
integral personnel or fail to manage a smooth transition to new personnel, our business could suffer.
Our success depends in part on our ability to update and expand the content of existing academic programs and develop
new programs in a cost-eﬁ“ective manner and on a timely basis.
Our success depends in part on our ability to update and expand the content of our academic programs, develop new
programs in a cost-effective manner and meet students’ needs in a timely manner. Prospective employers of our graduates
increasingly demand that their entry-level employees possess appropriate technological and other skills. The update and
expansion of our existing programs and the development of new programs may not be received favorably by students, prospective
employers or the online education market. If we cannot respond to changes in industry requirements, our business may be
adversely affected. Even if we are able to develop acceptable new programs, we may not be able to introduce these new programs
as quickly as students require due to regulatory constraints or as quickly as our competitors introduce competing new programs.
Our financial performance depends in part on our ability to continue to develop awareness of the academic programs we
oﬂer among working adult students.
The continued development of awareness of the academic programs we offer among working adult students is critical to the
continued acceptance and growth of our programs. If we are unable to continue to develop awareness of the programs we offer,
this could limit our enrollments and negatively impact our business. The following are some of the factors that could prevent us
from successfully marketing our programs:
0 the emergence of more successful competitors;
0 customer dissatisfaction with our services and programs;
0 performance problems with our online systems; and
0 our failure to maintain or expand our brand or other factors related to our marketing.
Congressional and other governmental activities could damage the reputation of Strayer University and limit our ability
to attract and retain students.
In the last seven years, Congress increased its focus on proprietary educational institutions, including administration of Title
IV programs, military assistance programs, and other federal programs. The Department of Education indicated to Congress that
it intended to increase its regulation of and attention to proprietary educational institutions, and the Government Accountability
Office released several reports of investigations into proprietary educational institutions. In 2014, the Department of Education
announced the creation of an interagency task force to oversee proprietary educational institutions by coordinating the activities
of several agencies and promote information sharing among the agencies, which include the Department of Justice, VA, the
CFPB, the FTC, and the SEC as well as state attorneys general. These and other governmental activities, including new
regulations on program integrity and gainful employment, even if resulting in no adverse findings or actions against Strayer
University, singly or cumulatively could affect public perception of proprietary higher education, damage the reputation of
Strayer University, and limit our ability to attract and retain students.
38