Table,of,C,ontents
STRAYER EDUCATION, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Clery Act. In addition, the Department has interpreted Title IX to categorize sexual violence as a form of prohibited sex
discrimination and to require institutions to follow certain disciplinary procedures with respect to such offenses. Failure by
Strayer University to comply with the Clery Act or Title IX requirements or regulations thereunder could result in action by the
Department fining Strayer University, or limiting or suspending its participating in Title IV programs, could lead to litigation, and
could harm Strayer University’s reputation. We believe that Strayer University is in compliance with these requirements.
Compliance Reviews
Strayer University is subject to announced and unannounced compliance reviews and audits by various external agencies,
including the Department of Education, its Ofﬁce of Inspector General, state licensing agencies, guaranty agencies, and
accrediting agencies. The Department conducted four campus-based program reviews of Strayer University campuses in three
states and the District of Columbia, with one on-site review conducted August 18-20, 2014; one on-site review conducted
September 8-11, 2014; and two on-site reviews conducted September 22-26, 2014. The reviews covered federal ﬁnancial aid
years 2012-2013 and 2013-2014, and two of the reviews also covered compliance with the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus
Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act, the Drug-Free Schools and Communities Act, and regulations related thereto.
On October 21, 2014, the Department issued an Expedited Final Program Review Determination Letter for one of the program
reviews conducted the week of September 22, 2014, closing the program review with no further action required by the University.
On November 17, 2014, the University received a Program Review Report for the program review conducted in August 2014, and
provided a response to the Department on December 15, 2014. On January 7, 2015, the University received a Final Program
Review Determination letter from that review, closing the review with no further action required by the University. On March 24,
2015, the University received a Program Review Report for another program review, and provided a response to the Department
on April 21, 2015. On April 29, 2015, the University received a Final Program Review Determination Letter closing the review
and identifying a payment of less than $500 due to the Department of Education based on an underpayment on a return to Title IV
calculation. The University remitted payment, and received a letter from the Department on May 26, 2015, indicating that no
further action was required and that the matter was closed. On September 15, 2015, the University received a Program Review
Report for the final program review, and provided a response to the Department on October 5, 2015. On January 5, 2016 the
University received a Final Program Review Determination Letter for the final program review, indicating that the program
review was closed and no further action was required.
Program Participation Agreement
Each institution participating in Title IV programs must enter into a Program Participation Agreement with the Department.
Under the agreement, the institution agrees to follow the Department’s rules and regulations governing Title IV programs. On
October 1, 2014, Strayer University received an executed provisional Program Participation Agreement from the Department
allowing it to participate in Title IV programs until June 30, 2017. The Program Participation Agreement was issued on a
provisional basis because of the Department’s program reviews open at the time of issuance. Under the provisional agreement, the
only material additional condition that the University must comply with is obtaining Department approval for substantial changes,
including the addition of any new location, level of academic offering, non-degree program, or degree program.
82