Table,of,Contents
cannot assure you that Strayer University, including its online educational platform, will be able to expand its program
infrastructure on a timely basis sufficient to meet demand for its programs. Strayer University’s computer systems and operations
could be vulnerable to interruption or malfunction due to events beyond its control, including natural disasters and
telecommunications failures. Any interruption to Strayer University’s computer systems or operations could have a material
adverse effect on our ability to attract and retain students.
Strayer University’s computer networks may be vulnerable to security risks that could disrupt operations and require it to
expend significant resources.
Strayer University’s computer networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer hackers, computer viruses and
other security problems. A user who circumvents security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause
interruptions or malfunctions in operations. As a result, Strayer University may be required to expend signiﬁcant resources to
protect against the threat of these security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these breaches.
The personal information that we collect may be vulnerable to breach, theft or loss that could adversely aﬂect our
reputation and operations.
Possession and use of personal information in our operations subject us to risks and costs that could harm our business. We
collect, use, and retain large amounts of personal information regarding our students and their families, including social security
numbers, tax return information, personal and family ﬁnancial data and credit card numbers. We also collect and maintain
personal information of our employees in the ordinary course of our business. Some of this personal information is held and
managed by certain vendors. Although we use security and business controls to limit access to and use of personal information, a
third party may be able to circumvent those security and business controls, which could result in a breach of student or employee
privacy. In addition, errors in the storage, use or transmission of personal information could result in a breach of student or
employee privacy. Possession and use of personal information in our operations also subjects us to legislative and regulatory
burdens that could require notiﬁcation of data breaches and restrict our use of personal information. We cannot assure you that a
breach, loss or theft of personal information will not occur. A breach, theft or loss of personal information regarding our students
and their families or our employees that is held by us or our vendors could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and
results of operations and result in liability under state and federal privacy statutes and legal actions by state authorities and private
litigants, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Strayer University, with its online programs, operates in a highly competitive market with rapid technological changes
and it may not compete successfully.
Online education is a highly fragmented and competitive market that is subject to rapid technological change. Competitors
vary in size and organization from traditional colleges and universities, many of which have some form of online education
programs, to for-proﬁt schools, corporate universities and software companies providing online education and training software.
We expect the online education and training market to be subject to rapid changes in technologies. Strayer University’s success
will depend on its ability to adapt to these changing technologies.
We may not be able to complete or integrate any future acquisitions successfully.
As part of our growth strategy, we expect to consider selective acquisitions. We cannot assure investors that we will be able
to complete successfully any acquisitions on favorable terms, or that if we do, we will be able to integrate successfully the
personnel, operations and technologies of any such acquisitions. Our failure to complete or integrate successfully future
acquisitions could disrupt our business and materially and adversely affect our profitability and liquidity by distracting our
management and employees and increasing our expenses. In addition, because an acquisition is considered a change in ownership
and control of the acquired institution under applicable regulatory standards, we must seek approval from the Department of
Education if the acquired institution participates in Title IV programs, and most applicable state agencies and accrediting agencies
and possibly other regulatory bodies when we acquire an institution. If we were unable to obtain such approvals of an institution
we acquired, depending on the size of that acquisition, that failure could have a material adverse effect on our business.
40