Table,of,C,ontents
STRAYER EDUCATION, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. Nature of Operation s
Strayer Education, Inc. (the “Company”), a Maryland corporation, conducts its operations through its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, Strayer University (the “University”) and New York Code and Design Academy (“NYCDA”). The University is an
accredited institution of higher education that provides undergraduate and graduate degrees in various fields of study through
physical campuses, predominantly located in the Eastern United States, and online. NYCDA is a New York City-based provider
of non-degree web and mobile app development courses. NYCDA courses are delivered on-ground to students seeking to further
their career in software application development. The Company has only one reporting segment.
2. Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Financial Statement Presentation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. On January
13, 2016, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of NYCDA, and the results of NYCDA are included with the
Company from the acquisition date. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidated
financial statements.
Revenue Recognition
The Company’s educational programs typically are offered on a quarterly basis and such periods coincide with the
Company’s quarterly financial reporting periods. Approximately 95% of the Company’s revenues during the year ended
December 31, 2016 consisted of tuition revenue, which is recognized ratably over the course of instruction as academic services
are provided. Tuition revenue is assessed for collectibility on a student—by-student basis throughout the quarter of instruction, and
is shown net of any refunds, withdrawals, corporate discounts, scholarships and employee tuition discounts. This collectibility
assessment considers available sources of funds for the student including Federal Financial Student Aid programs. The Company
reassesses the collectibility of tuition revenue that it may earn based on new information and changes in the facts and
circumstances relevant to a student’s ability to pay, including the timing of a student’s withdrawal from a program of study.
At the start of each academic term or program, a liability (deferred revenue) is recorded for academic services to be provided
and a tuition receivable is recorded for the portion of the tuition not paid in advance. Any cash received prior to the start of an
academic term or program is recorded as deferred revenue. Some students may be eligible for scholarship awards, the estimated
value of which will be realized in the future and is deducted from revenue when earned, based on historical student attendance
and completion behavior. Deferred revenue is recorded as a current or long-term liability in the consolidated balance sheets based
on when the benefit is expected to be realized. Revenues also include textbook-related income, certificate revenue, certain
academic fees, licensing revenue, and other income, all of which are recognized when earned.
The Company’s refund policy typically permits students who complete less than half of a course to receive a partial refund
of tuition for that course. Refunds reduce the tuition revenue that would have otherwise been recognized for that student. Since
the University’s academic terms coincide with the Company’s financial reporting periods, nearly all refunds are processed and
recorded within the same quarter as the corresponding revenue. The amount of tuition revenue refundable to students may vary
based on the student’s state of residence. Unused books and related academic materials may be returned for a full refund within
21 days of the start of class; however, purchases of electronic content are not refundable if downloaded. Revenues derived from
fees are not eligible for a refund.
6 1