Table,of,Contents
Misrepresentation
Under the Higher Education Act, the Department of Education may ﬁne, suspend or terminate an institution’s participation
in Title IV programs if it engages in substantial misrepresentation of the nature of its educational program, its financial charges,
or the employability of its graduates. The Program Integrity Regulations, which took effect July 1, 2011, set forth the types of
activities that constitute misrepresentation and describe the adverse actions that the Department of Education may take if it ﬁnds
that an institution or a third party that provides educational programs, marketing, advertising, recruiting or admissions services to
the institution engaged in substantial misrepresentation. The rule speciﬁes the types of statements that can subject the institution
to liability for misrepresentation, as well as the nature and form of misleading statements. The rule provides that an institution
may not describe the eligible institution’s participation in Title IV programs in a manner that suggests Department of Education
approval or endorsement of the quality of its educational programs by the Department of Education.
On June 5, 2012, the US. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit held that the Department of Education’s
expansion of the definition of misrepresentation to include “any statement that has the likelihood or tendency to deceive or
confuse” was unsupported by law, and thus vacated that portion of the regulation. In response to the court’s ruling, on September
20, 2013, the Department of Education published technical amendments to the regulation. As part of the Department’s 2016
promulgation of the Borrower Defenses to Repayment regulation, the Department changed the deﬁnition of misrepresentation for
Title IV regulations to include any statement that “has the likelihood or tendency to mislead under the circumstances.” The newly
expanded definition also includes “any statement that omits information in such a way as to make the statement false, erroneous,
or misleading.” This regulation was published on November 1, 2016 and is scheduled to take effect on July 1, 2017. On January
30, 2017, the new Administration indicated in a notice published in the Federal Register that it intends to take action in relation to
the regulation establishing a new deﬁnition of misrepresentation, but it is unclear what that action will be or when it will be taken.
Borrower Defenses
Pursuant to the Higher Education Act and following negotiated rulemaking, on November 1, 2016, the Department of
Education released a final regulation specifying the acts or omissions of an institution that a borrower may assert as a defense to
repayment of a loan made under the Direct Loan Program and the consequences of such borrower defenses for borrowers,
institutions, and the Secretary of Education. Under the regulation, for Direct Loans disbursed after July 1, 2017, a student
borrower may assert a defense to repayment if: (1) the student borrower obtained a state or federal court judgment against the
institution; (2) the institution failed to perform on a contract with the student; and/or (3) the institution committed a “substantial
misrepresentation” on which the borrower reasonably relied to his or her detriment. These defenses are asserted through claims
submitted to the Department of Education, and the Department has the authority to issue a final decision. In addition, the
regulation permits the Department to grant relief to an individual or group of individuals, including individuals who have not
applied to the Department seeking relief. If a defense is successfully raised, the Department has discretion to initiate action to
collect from an institution the amount of losses incurred based on the borrower defense. The new regulation also amends the rules
concerning discharge of federal student loans when a school or campus closes and prohibits pre-dispute arbitration agreements
and class action waivers for borrower defense-type claims. On January 19, 2017, the Department of Education issued a ﬁnal rule
with request for comments, updating the hearing procedures for actions to establish liability against an institution of higher
education and establishing procedures for recovery proceedings under the borrower defense regulations. On January 30, 2017, the
new Administration indicated in a notice published in the Federal Register that it intends to take regulatory action in relation to
this regulation, but it is unclear what that action will be or when it will be taken.
Third-Party Servicers
Department of Education regulations permit an institution to enter into a written contract with a third-party servicer for the
administration of any aspect of the institution’s participation in Title IV programs. The third-party servicer must, among other
obligations, comply with Title IV requirements and be jointly and severally liable with the institution to the Secretary of
Education for any violation by the servicer of any Title IV provision. An institution must report to the Department of Education
new contracts or any significant modiﬁcations to contracts with third-party servicers as well as
24