Table,of,Contents
STRAYER EDUCATION, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
and payroll-related costs for employees that are directly associated with the project are capitalized and will be amortized over the
estimated useful life of the software once placed into operation. Purchases of property and equipment and changes in accounts
payable for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 in the consolidated statements of cash ﬂows have been
adjusted to exclude noncash purchases of property and equipment transactions during that period.
Fair Value
The F air Value Measurement Topic, ASC 820-10 (“ASC 820- 10”), establishes a framework for measuring fair value,
establishes a fair value hierarchy based upon the observability of inputs used to measure fair value, and expands disclosures about
fair value measurements. Assets and liabilities are classiﬁed in their entirety within the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest
level input that is signiﬁcant to the fair value measurement. Under ASC 820-10, fair value of an investment is the price that would
be received to sell an asset or to transfer a liability to an entity in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to assets and liabilities with readily available quoted prices in an
active market and lowest priority to unobservable inputs which require a higher degree of judgment when measuring fair value, as
follows:
0 Level 1 assets or liabilities use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the measurement
date;
0 Level 2 assets or liabilities use observable inputs, other than quoted market prices, that are either directly or indirectly
observable in the marketplace for identical or similar assets and liabilities; and
0 Level 3 assets or liabilities use unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity.
The Company’s assets and liabilities that are subject to fair value measurement are categorized in one of the three levels
above. Fair values are based on the inputs available at the measurement dates, and may rely on certain assumptions that may
affect the valuation of fair value for certain assets or liabilities.
Goodwill and Indeﬁnite-Lived Intangible Assets
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of acquired businesses over the amount assigned to the assets acquired
and liabilities assumed. At the time of an acquisition, the Company assigns the goodwill and related acquired assets and liabilities
to its reporting units. Accordingly, the Company’s goodwill is allocated to JWMI and NYCDA. Indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets,
which include trade names, are recorded at fair market value on their acquisition date. An indeﬁnite life was assigned to the trade
names because they have the continued ability to generate cash flows indeﬁnitely.
Goodwill and the indefinite-lived intangible assets are assessed at least annually for impairment during the three-month
period ending September 30, or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change between annual tests that would more
likely than not reduce the fair value of the respective reporting unit below its carrying amount. During the fourth quarter of
2016, the Company changed the date of its annual impairment test from September 30 to December 31. The change was made to
more closely align the impairment testing date with the Company’s planning and forecasting process. The change in the annual
impairment testing date did not delay, accelerate, or avoid an impairment charge. The Company has determined that this change
in accounting principle is preferable under the circumstances and does not result in adjustments to its financial statements when
applied retrospectively. During 2016, the annual impairment test was performed as of September 30, 2016 and was performed
again as of December 31, 2016.
Under Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-08, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Goodwill for
Impairment , the Company is permitted, but not required, to ﬁrst assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to
perform the more thorough quantitative goodwill impairment test for each reporting unit. Following its
64