Table,of,Contents
and/or availability of private education loans, decrease Strayer University’s non-Title IV revenue and thereby increase Strayer
University’s 90/10 ratio and have a material adverse effect on our business.
We rely on one or more third parties for software and services necessary to administer our participation in Title IV
programs and failure of such a third party to provide compliant software and services, or by us in our use of the software,
could cause us to lose our eligibility to participate in Title I V programs.
Because Strayer University is jointly and severally liable to the Department of Education for the actions of third-party Title
IV processing software providers, failure of such providers to comply with applicable regulations could have a material adverse
effect on Strayer University, including loss of eligibility to participate in Title IV programs. If any of the third-party providers
discontinue providing software and services to us, we may not be able to replace them in a timely, cost-efficient, or effective
manner, or at all, and we could lose our ability to comply with the requirements of Title IV programs, which could adversely
affect our enrollment, revenues and results of operations.
Our business could be harmed if we experience a disruption in our ability to process student loans under the Federal
Direct Loan Program
We collected the majority of our fiscal year 2016 total consolidated net revenue from receipt of Title IV financial aid
program funds, principally from federal student loans under the Federal Direct Loan Program. Any processing disruptions by the
Department of Education may affect our students’ ability to obtain student loans on a timely basis. If we experience a disruption
in our ability to process student loans through the Federal Direct Loan Program, either because of administrative challenges on
our part or the inability of the Department of Education to process the volume of direct loans on a timely basis, our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash ﬂows could be adversely and materially affected.
Our business could be harmed if Congress makes changes to the availability of Title I V funds.
We collected the majority of our fiscal year 2016 total consolidated net revenue from receipt of Title IV financial aid
program funds, principally from federal student loans under the Federal Direct Loan Program. Changes in the availability of these
funds or a reduction in the amount of funds disbursed may have a material adverse effect on our enrollment, financial condition,
results of operations and cash ﬂows. Congress eliminated further federal direct subsidized loans for graduate and professional
students as of July 1, 2012. On August 9, 2013, Congress passed legislation that ties interest rates on Title IV loans to the rate
paid on US. Treasury bonds. Interest rates are set every July lst for loans taken out from July 1st to June 30th of the following
year. In April 2011, Congress eliminated year-round Pell Grant awards beginning with the 2011-2012 award year and in July
2012, Congress reduced eligibility for Pell Grants from 18 semesters to 12 semesters. To date, these changes have not had a
material impact on our business, but future changes in the availability of Title IV funds could impact students’ ability to fund their
education and thus may have a material adverse effect on our enrollment, financial condition, results of operations and cash ﬂows.
Risks Related to Our Business
Our enrollment rate is uncertain, and we may not be able to assess our future enrollments ejfectively.
Our growth depends on a number of factors, including increased unemployment and the resulting lower confidence in job
prospects, and many of the regulatory risks discussed above. In 2011, we revised our business model to acknowledge lower
growth or reductions in enrollments. Our enrollment in 2017 will be affected by legislative uncertainty, regulatory activity, and
market conditions. Until legislative, regulatory, and market uncertainties are resolved, it may be difﬁcult to assess whether and to
what extent there is an impact on our long-term growth prospects. In 2013, 2014, 2015, and 2016, we closed physical locations to
better align our resources with our current student enrollments. Although we may continue to invest in new campuses and to
pursue our strategic goals in the future, there can be no assurance as to what our growth rate will be or as to the steps we may
need to take if regulatory and legislative matters are not clarified or if market conditions do not stabilize.
37