Table,of,Contents
occupations that the program prepares students to enter, total cost of the program, on-time graduation rate, job placement rate, if
applicable, and the median loan debt of program completers for the most recently completed award year. The regulation effective
July 1, 2015, expands upon those existing disclosure requirements and institutions must update their disclosure templates to
comply by April 3, 2017.
In addition, the gainful employment regulation requires institutions to certify, among other things, that each eligible gainful
employment program is programmatically accredited if required by a federal governmental entity or a state governmental entity
of a state in which it is located or is otherwise required to obtain state approval. Institutions also must certify that each eligible
program satisﬁes the applicable educational prerequisites for professional licensure or certification requirements in each state in
which it is located or is otherwise required to obtain state approval, so that a student who completes the program and seeks
employment in that state qualifies to take any licensure or certiﬁcation exam that is needed for the student to practice or find
employment in an occupation that the program prepares students to enter. The University has timely made the required
certification.
Under the gainful employment regulation, an institution may establish a new program’s Title IV eligibility by updating the
list of the institution’s programs maintained by the Department of Education. However, an institution may not update its list of
eligible programs to include a failing or zone program that the institution voluntarily discontinued or became ineligible, or a
gainful employment program that is substantially similar to such a program, until three years after the loss of eligibility or
discontinuance.
The requirements associated with the gainful employment regulations may substantially increase our administrative burdens
and could affect our program offerings, student enrollment, persistence and retention. Further, although the regulations provide
opportunities for an institution to correct any potential deficiencies in a program prior to the loss of Title IV eligibility, the
continuing eligibility of our academic programs may be affected by factors beyond management’s control, such as changes in our
graduates’ employment and income levels, changes in student borrowing levels, increases in interest rates, and various other
factors. Even if we were able to correct any deficiency in the gainful employment metrics in a timely manner, the disclosure
requirements associated with a program’s failure to meet at least one metric may adversely affect student enrollments in that
program and may adversely affect the reputation of our institution.
Return of Federal Funds
Under the Higher Education Act’s return-of-funds provision, an institution must return Title IV funds to a Title IV program
in a timely manner if a student received funds from that program but did not earn them due to the student’s withdrawal from the
institution. In order to determine if funds should be returned, the institution must first determine the amount of Title IV program
funds that the student earned. If the student attends the institution, but withdraws during the first 60% of any period of enrollment
or payment period, the amount of Title IV program funds that the student earned is equal to a pro rata portion of the funds for
which the student would otherwise be eligible. Strayer University is required to measure the last day of attendance based on
official attendance records, and “attendance” for online classes must include participation in an academically related activity.
Strayer University’s systems allow for measurement on this basis. If the student withdraws after the 60% point, then the student
has earned 100% of the Title IV program funds. The institution must return to the appropriate Title IV programs, in a speciﬁed
order, the lesser of the unearned Title IV program funds or the institutional charges incurred by the student for the period
multiplied by the percentage of unearned Title IV program funds. An institution must return the funds no later than 45 days after
the date that the institution determines that a student withdrew.
If the funds are not returned in a timely manner, an institution may be subject to adverse action, including being required to
submit a letter of credit equal to 25% of the refunds the institution should have made in its most recently completed ﬁscal year.
Under Department of Education regulations, if late returns of Title IV program funds constitute 5% or more of students sampled
in the institution’s annual compliance audit for either of its two most recently completed ﬁscal years, an institution generally must
submit an irrevocable letter of credit payable to the Secretary of Education.
23