Table,of,Contents
educational services already provided and deferred revenue represents advance payments for academic services to be provided in
the future. Based upon past experience and judgment, the University establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts with respect
to accounts receivable. Any uncollected account more than one year past due is charged against the allowance. Accounts less than
one year past due are reserved according to the length of time the balance has been outstanding. In establishing reserve amounts,
we also consider the status of students as to whether or not they are currently enrolled for the next term, as well as the likelihood
of recovering balances that have previously been written off, based on historical experience. Bad debt expense as a percentage of
revenues for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2015, and 2016, was 3.8%, 3.0% and 3.7%, respectively.
Below is a description of the nature of the costs included in our operating expense categories:
0 Instruction and educational support expenses generally contain items of expense directly attributable to educational
activities. This expense category includes salaries and benefits of faculty and academic administrators, as well as
administrative personnel who support and serve student interests. Instruction and educational support expenses also
include costs of educational supplies and facilities, including rent for campus facilities, certain costs of establishing and
maintaining computer laboratories and all other physical plant and occupancy costs, with the exception of costs
attributable to the corporate offices. Bad debt expense incurred on delinquent student account balances is also included
in instruction and educational support expenses.
0 Marketing expenses include the costs of advertising and production of marketing materials and related personnel costs.
0 Admissions advisory expenses include salaries, benefits and related costs of personnel engaged in admissions.
0 General and administration expenses include salaries and benefits of management and employees engaged in
accounting, human resources, legal, regulatory compliance, and other corporate functions, along with the occupancy and
other related costs attributable to such functions.
Investment income consists primarily of earnings and realized gains or losses on investments, and interest expense consists
of interest incurred on our outstanding borrowings, unused revolving credit facility fees, and amortization of deferred financing
costs.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” discusses our consolidated
financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the related disclosures of contingent assets and
liabilities. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments related to its allowance for doubtful accounts;
valuation of contingent consideration; income tax provisions; the useful lives of property and equipment; redemption rates for
scholarship programs; fair value of future contractual operating lease obligations for facilities that have been closed; valuation of
deferred tax assets, goodwill, and intangible assets; forfeiture rates and achievability of performance targets for stock-based
compensation plans; and accrued expenses. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and various
other factors and assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for
making judgments regarding the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Management regularly reviews its estimates and judgments for reasonableness and may modify them in the future. Actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
Management believes that the following critical accounting policies are its more significant judgments and estimates used in
the preparation of its consolidated financial statements.
Revenue recognition — Like many traditional institutions, Strayer University offers its educational programs on a quarter
system having four academic terms, which coincide with our quarterly financial reporting periods.
47