Table,of,Contents
o Enhance student experience — Our students are predominately working adults who are furthering their education in
order to advance their careers and professional lives. Our students are busy with work and family responsibilities that
leave little time for other endeavors. Thus, we must make sure every interaction with our students is a productive one.
We are constantly looking for ways to serve them better. This includes providing outstanding service not only in the
classroom, but also in areas such as student advising, tutoring, registration, technology, and administration. We measure
our performance through student surveys and focus groups.
0 Address aﬂordability — The cost of a post-secondary education has increased substantially over the last ten years while
average earnings have failed to keep up. Recognizing that affordability is an important factor in a prospective student’s
decision to further his or her education, in late 2013, we commenced an effort at Strayer University to make our degree
programs more affordable. First, we introduced our Graduation Fund. Under this program, qualifying students enrolled
in a bachelor’s degree program are eligible to receive one free course for every three courses successfully completed
towards a bachelor’s degree. The free courses earned are redeemable in one’s final academic year. Furthermore,
beginning the winter term 2014, we reduced undergraduate tuition for new students by 20%. We continue to monitor
and assess the impact of our affordability initiatives and explore other ways to make our offerings as affordable as
poss1ble.
0 Establish new platforms for growth — We are constantly looking for new ways to leverage our existing resources and
capabilities to grow. Like the acquisition of the Jack Welch Management Institute in 2011, our acquisition of NYCDA
represents another significant opportunity to leverage our management capability and our physical campus and online
infrastructure. We continue to leverage the strong reputation and track record of Strayer University to develop new
programs like the Bachelor of Science in Nursing degree, which began enrolling new students in the fall 2015 academic
term, and is expecting to receive Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education accreditation in 2017.
0 Build a high performing culture — In order to be a leading provider of educational services, we must have talented
and motivated faculty and employees who are passionate about serving students. We strive to attract the best talent and
then develop and retain them. We want to be known as an employer of choice and be a place where one can build a
long-term career.
Strayer University
Curriculum
Strayer University offers business, information technology and professional curricula to equip students with specialized and
practical knowledge and skills for careers in business, industry and government. Our academic leaders regularly review and revise
the University’s course offerings to improve our educational programs and respond to competitive changes in job markets. We
regularly evaluate new programs and degrees to ensure that we stay current with the needs of our students and their employers.
6