Table,of,Contents
requirements consistent with the new rules. If a state in which Strayer has a physical campus fails to comply in the future with the
provisions of the new rule or fails to provide the University with legal authorization, it could limit Strayer University’s ability to
Operate in that state and have a material adverse effect on our operations.
On December 19, 2016, the Department of Education published final regulations addressing, among other issues, state
authorization of programs offered through distance education. The final regulations, which are effective July 1, 2018, require an
institution offering distance education programs to be authorized by each state in which the institution enrolls students, if such
authorization is required by the state, in order to award Title IV aid to such students. An institution could obtain such
authorization directly from the state or through a state authorization reciprocity agreement. If one of our institutions fails to obtain
or maintain required state authorization to provide post-secondary distance education in a specific state, the institution could lose
its ability to award Title IV aid to online students in that state and could lose its ability to provide distance education in that state.
Strayer University participates in the State Authorization Reciprocity Agreement (SARA), which allows the University to
enroll students in distance education programs in each SARA member state. Strayer University applies separately to non-SARA
member states for authorization to enroll students, if such authorization is required by the state. If Strayer University failed to
comply with the requirements to participate in SARA or state licensing or authorization requirements to provide distance
education in a non-SARA state, the University could lose its ability to participate in SARA or may be subject to the loss of state
licensure or authorization to provide distance education in that non-SARA state, respectively.
If we fail to obtain recertiﬁcation by the Department of Education when required, we would lose our ability to participate
in Title I V programs.
An institution generally must seek recertification from the Department of Education at least every six years and possibly
more frequently depending on various factors, such as whether it is provisionally certified. The Department of Education may
also review an institution’s continued eligibility and certification to participate in Title IV programs, or sc0pe of eligibility and
certification, in the event the institution undergoes a change in ownership resulting in a change of control or expands its activities
in certain ways, such as the addition of certain types of new programs, or, in certain cases, changes to the academic credentials
that it offers. In certain circumstances, the Department of Education must provisionally certify an institution. The Department of
Education may withdraw our certification if it determines that we are not fulfilling material requirements for continued
participation in Title IV programs. If the Department of Education does not renew, or withdraws our certification to participate in
Title IV programs, our students would no longer be able to receive Title IV program funds, which would have a material adverse
effect on our business.
Each institution participating in Title IV programs must enter into a Program Participation Agreement with the Department
of Education. Under the agreement, the institution agrees to follow the Department of Education’s rules and regulations
governing Title IV programs. On October 1, 2014, Strayer University received an executed provisional Program Participation
Agreement with the Department of Education allowing it to participate in Title IV programs until June 30, 2017. The Program
Participation Agreement was issued on a provisional basis because of the Department of Education’s program reviews open at the
time of issuance. Under the provisional agreement, the only material additional condition that the University must comply with is
obtaining Department of Education approval for substantial changes, including the addition of any new location, level of
academic offering, or non-degree and degree programs. Strayer University must apply to the Department of Education for
recertification to participate in Title IV programs on or before March 31, 2017, and intends to do so in a timely manner
A failure to demonstrate financial responsibility or administrative capability may result in the loss of eligibility to
participate in Title I V programs.
To be eligible to participate in Title IV programs, Strayer University must comply with specific standards and procedures set
forth in the Higher Education Act and the regulations issued thereunder by the Department of Education, including, among other
things, certain standards of financial responsibility and administrative capability. If we fail to demonstrate financial responsibility
or maintain administrative capability under the Department of Education’s
34