Table,of,Contents
o a number of initiatives underway to reduce the cost of a post-secondary education; and
0 continued demand from working adults for programs offered by regionally accredited institutions.
Company Strengths
Strayer Education has a track record of providing practical and convenient education programs and solutions for working
adults and employers. We believe the following strengths position us to capitalize on the demand for post-secondary education:
0 Consistent operating history. Strayer University has been in continuous operation since 1892 and has demonstrated an
ability to Operate consistently and grow profitably.
0 Practical and diversiﬁed programs. We offer programs in practical areas of adult education. In order to keep pace with
a changing knowledge-based economy, we constantly strive to meet the evolving needs of our students and their current
and prospective employers by regularly reﬁning, updating, and adding to our portfolio of educational programs. In
January 2016, we acquired NYCDA, which offers high-demand non-degree courses in software application
development. In December 2011, Strayer University acquired the Jack Welch Management Institute, an online
leadership education program that enables us to offer a differentiated executive MBA degree and executive certificates
to students and employees of leading corporations. Across Strayer University and NYCDA, we currently offer
approximately 90 different degree, diploma, certiﬁcate, and non-degree training programs and concentrations.
o Focus on adults pursuing career-relevant degree and non-degree programs. We focus on serving adults who are
pursuing undergraduate and graduate degrees as well as non-degree certiﬁcates and training programs that will help
them advance their careers and employment opportunities.
0 Flexible program oﬂerings. We maintain ﬂexible programs that allow students to attend classes and complete
coursework in day, evening and weekend classes throughout the calendar year. Online programs offered through Strayer
University enable students to take some or all of their classes via the Internet. Approximately 78% of our students
enrolled for the 2016 fall term were taking all of their courses online.
o Attractive and convenient campus locations. Strayer University’s campuses are located in growing metrOpolitan areas,
mostly in the Mid-Atlantic and Southern regions where there are large populations of adults with demographic
characteristics similar to those of our typical students. Our campuses are attractive and modern, offering conducive
learning environments in convenient locations.
0 Established brand name and alumni support With a 125-year operating history, Strayer University is an established
brand name in post-secondary adult education, and our students and graduates work throughout corporate America. Our
alumni network fosters additional referral Opportunities for students.
Company Strategy
Our goal is to be a leading provider of career-relevant education programs, primarily in the areas of business, accounting,
information technology and software development, that prepare students for advancement in their careers and professional lives.
We have identified the following strategic priorities as key to achieving our goal:
0 Improve student success — Our success as a Company depends on the success of our students. The more we focus on
helping our students succeed, the more likely it is that we will succeed. In order to improve student success, we must
continue to hire outstanding faculty, individuals who are experts in their fields and who are great at teaching. We must
also offer high quality course content that is relevant in today’s job market.
5