Table,of,C,ontents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Fir m
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
Strayer Education, Inc.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Strayer Education, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2016,
and the results of their operations and their cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining
effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under item 9A. Our
responsibility is to express Opinions on these ﬁnancial statements, and on the Company's internal control over ﬁnancial reporting
based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial
reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the ﬁnancial statements included examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the ﬁnancial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal
control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our Opinions.
As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, in 2016, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts
for deferred tax assets and liabilities.
A company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of
the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s
assets that could have a material effect on the ﬁnancial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
McLean, Virginia
February 17, 2017
56