Table,of,Contents
Strayer University offers programs in the following areas:
Graduate Programs Undergraduate Programs
0 Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) 0 Bachelor of Science (BS) Degree
Degree Accounting
0 Jack Welch Executive Master of Business Criminal Justice
Administration (MBA) Degree Information Systems
0 Master of Education (M.Ed.) Degree Information Technology
0 Master of Public Administration (M.P.A.) Degree Nursing
0 Master of Science (M.S.) Degree 0 Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.)
Accounting Degree
Health Services Administration o Associate in Arts (A.A.) Degree
Human Resource Management Accounting
Information Assurance Acquisitions and Contract Management
Information Systems Business Administration
Management Information Systems
Information Technology
Marketing
o Diploma Program
Acquisition and Contract Management
Each undergraduate degree program includes courses in oral and written communication skills as well as mathematics and
various disciplines in the humanities and social sciences. In addition to our degree and diploma programs, we offer classes to non-
degree and non-program students wishing to take courses for personal or professional enrichment.
Although most of our programs are offered at our campuses and online, the University adapts its course offerings to the
demands of the student population at each location. Strayer University students may enroll in courses at more than one campus
and take courses online.
Strayer University structures its curricula to allow students to advance sequentially from one learning level to another by
applying credits earned in one program toward attainment of a more advanced degree. For example, a student originally pursuing
an associate’s degree in information systems can extend his or her original educational objective by taking additional courses
leading to a bachelor’s degree in information systems, and ultimately a master’s degree in information systems. This curriculum
design provides students a level of competency and a measure of attainment in the event they interrupt their education or choose
to work in their field of concentration prior to obtaining their final degree.
Online
Strayer University has been offering courses online since 1997. Students may take classes online using either a synchronous
(“real time”) or asynchronous (“on demand”) format. The asynchronous format was first introduced by the University in the
summer 2001 academic term and has grown significantly due to increasing demand. Currently, almost all students taking classes
online choose the asynchronous format. Students may take all of their courses online or may take online courses in combination
with classroom-based courses. A student taking classes online has the same admission and financial aid requirements, is subject to
substantially the same policies and procedures, and receives the same student services and support as campus-based Strayer
University students. Tuition for online courses is the same as campus-based courses.
Faculty
The University appoints faculty who hold appropriate academic credentials, are dedicated, active professionals in their field,
and are enthusiastic and committed to teaching working adults. In accordance with our educational mission, the University faculty
focuses its efforts on teaching. The normal course load for a full-time faculty member is five courses per quarter for each of three
quarters, or 15 courses per academic year. Further, many full-time faculty members
7