Table,of,Contents
undergraduate borrowers. Although Strayer has not had a cohort default rate below at or above 15% in any of the three most
recent ﬁscal years, Strayer voluntarily disburses Direct Loans in this manner.
Strayer’s ofﬁcial three-year cohort default rates for 2011, 2012, and 2013, as well as the average ofﬁcial three-year cohort
default rates for proprietary institutions nationally, were as follows:
National Average
Proprietary
I ,StrayeriUniversity _ ilnstitutionsi
.2_o_1_3 11.3% 15.0% 7
29}; 11.6% 15.8%
{29}; 14.9% 19.1% 1
As part of its compliance program related to the cohort default rate, Strayer University provides entrance and exit counseling
to its students and engages the services of a third party to counsel students once they are in repayment status regarding their
repayment obligations.
The 90/10 Rule
A requirement of the Higher Education Act, commonly referred to as the 90/10 Rule, applies only to proprietary institutions
of higher education, which includes Strayer University. Under this rule, a proprietary institution is prohibited from deriving more
than 90% of its revenues (as revenues are computed under the Department of Education’s methodology) from Title IV funds on a
cash accounting basis (except for certain institutional loans) for any fiscal year.
A proprietary institution of higher education that violates the 90/ 10 Rule for any fiscal year will be placed on provisional
certification for up to two ﬁscal years. Proprietary institutions of higher education that violate the 90/ 10 Rule for two consecutive
fiscal years will become ineligible to participate in Title IV programs for at least two fiscal years and will be required to
demonstrate compliance with Title IV eligibility and certiﬁcation requirements for at least two ﬁscal years prior to resuming Title
IV program participation. In addition, the Department of Education discloses on its website any proprietary institution of higher
education that fails to meet the 90/ 10 requirement, and reports annually to Congress the relevant ratios for each pr0prietary
institution of higher education.
Using the statutory formula, Strayer University derived approximately 74% of its cash-basis revenues from Title IV program
funds in 2015. Our computation for 2016 has not yet been ﬁnalized and audited; however, we believe we will remain in
compliance with the 90/ 10 Rule requirement.
The key components of non-Title IV revenue for Strayer University are individual student payments, employer tuition
reimbursement payments, veterans’ benefits, vocational rehabilitation funds, private loans, state grants, and scholarships. Certain
members of Congress have proposed to revise the 90/ 10 Rule to count DOD tuition assistance and veterans’ education beneﬁts
along with Title IV revenue toward the 90% limit and to reduce the limit to 85% of total revenue.
Incentive Compensation
As a part of an institution’s program participation agreement with the Department of Education and in accordance with the
Higher Education Act and Title IV regulations, the institution may not provide any commission, bonus or other incentive payment
based in any part, directly or indirectly, on success in securing enrollments or financial aid to any person or entity engaged in any
student recruitment, admissions or ﬁnancial aid awarding activity. The rule applies to all employees at an institution who are
engaged in or responsible for any student recruitment or admission activity. The Department of Education has interpreted the
regulation not to apply to certain high-level employees, including senior managers and executive level employees who are
involved only in the development of policy and do not engage in individual student contact. Merit-based adjustments to employee
compensation may be made if they are not based in any part, directly or indirectly, upon success in securing enrollments or the
award of ﬁnancial aid.
2 1