Table,of,Contents
Career Development Services
Although most of Strayer University’s students are already employed, the University actively assists its students and alumni
with career-related matters. The focus for Career Services at Strayer University is to provide career guidance and resources to
assist students and alumni in reaching their educational and professional goals. Services are delivered through various media
including online, in person, recorded video, books, periodicals, and by telephone. The services provided include career webinars,
recorded seminars, career teleconferences, career advising and resume review.
We regularly conduct alumni surveys to monitor the career progression of our graduates and to support outcome assessment
efforts required by Middle States and state regulators.
New York Code and Design Academy
We acquired NYCDA in January 2016. NYCDA is a New York City-based provider of non-degree web and mobile app
development courses. Courses are delivered on-ground to students seeking to further their career in software application
development, with classes in several major markets across the United States, as well as in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. NYCDA
does not participate in Title IV programs. NYCDA’s financial results for 2016 were insigniﬁcant relative to our consolidated
financial results.
Employees
As of December 31, 2016, we had a total of 1,542 full-time employees including 327 full-time faculty members and 1,215
non-faculty staff F ull-time faculty members teach on average 4-5 courses per quarter. The balance of classes are taught by
adjunct faculty who normally teach 1-2 courses per quarter. Although we had approximately 1,400 adjunct faculty, not all of them
teach every quarter. In the 2016 fall quarter, approximately 35% of our courses were taught by full-time faculty. Because we are
not a research university, all faculty members are expected to spend their time teaching and advising students. In addition to our
faculty, our non-faculty staff, including 111 part-time employees, serve in the areas of information systems, ﬁnancial aid,
recruitment and admissions, student administration, marketing, human resources, corporate accounting, and other administrative
functions.
Intellectual Property
In the ordinary course of business, we develop many kinds of intellectual property that are or will be the subject of
copyright, trademark, service mark, patent, trade secret or other protections. Such intellectual property includes, but is not limited
to, our courseware materials for classes taught online or other distance-learning means and business know-how and internal
processes and procedures developed to respond to the requirements of our operations and various education regulatory agencies.
We also claim rights to certain marks, and have obtained federal registration of the marks, including the mark “STRAYER” for
educational services.
Competition
The higher education industry is highly competitive, but fragmented, with no single participant possessing a significant
market share. We compete for students with traditional public and private two-year and four-year degree— granting accredited
colleges and universities, other proprietary degree-granting accredited schools and also alternatives to higher education. In
addition, we face competition from various non-traditional, credit-bearing and noncredit—bearing education programs, provided by
both proprietary and not-for-profit providers, including massive open online courses offered worldwide without charge by
traditional educational institutions and other direct—to-consumer education services. As the proportion of traditional colleges
providing alternative learning modalities increases, we will face increasing competition for students from traditional colleges,
including colleges with well-established reputations for excellence. As the online and distance learning segment of the post-
secondary education market matures, we believe that the intensity of the competition we face will continue to increase.
1 3