Table,of,C,ontents
years, or fails to pass at least one metric for four consecutive award years. The regulations provide a means by which an
institution may challenge the Department of Education’s calculation of any of the debt metrics prior to loss of Title IV eligibility.
The requirements associated with the gainful employment regulations may substantially increase our administrative burdens
and could affect our program offerings, student enrollment, persistence and retention. Further, although the regulations provide
opportunities for an institution to correct any potential deficiencies in a program prior to the loss of Title IV eligibility, the
continuing eligibility of our academic programs will be affected by factors beyond management’s control such as changes in our
graduates’ employment and income levels, changes in student borrowing levels, increases in interest rates, and various other
factors. Even if we were able to correct any deficiency in the gainful employment metrics in a timely manner, the disclosure
requirements associated with a program’s failure to meet at least one metric may adversely affect student enrollments in that
program and may adversely affect the reputation of our institution.
Congressional examination of for-profit post-secondary education could lead to legislation or other governmental action
that may negatively affect the industry.
Since 2010, Congress has increased its focus on for-profit higher education institutions, including regarding participation in
Title IV programs and oversight by the Department of Defense of tuition assistance for military service members attending for-
profit colleges. The Senate HELP Committee and other congressional committees have held hearings into, among other things,
the proprietary education sector and its participation in Title IV programs, the standards and procedures of accrediting agencies,
credit hours and program length, the portion of federal student financial aid going to proprietary institutions, and the receipt of
veterans and military education beneﬁts by students enrolled at proprietary institutions. Strayer University has cooperated with
these inquiries. A number of legislators have variously requested the Government Accountability Office to review and make
recommendations regarding, among other things, recruitment practices, educational quality, student outcomes, the sufficiency of
integrity safeguards against waste, fraud and abuse in Title IV programs, and the percentage of proprietary institutions’ revenue
coming from Title IV and other federal funding sources.
This activity may result in legislation, further rulemaking affecting participation in Title IV programs, and other
governmental actions. In addition, concerns generated by congressional activity may adversely affect enrollment in and revenues
of for-profit educational institutions. Limitations on the amount of federal student ﬁnancial aid for which our students are eligible
under Title IV could materially and adversely affect our business.
We are dependent on the renewal and maintenance of Title I V programs.
The Higher Education Act, which is the law authorizing Title IV programs, is subject to periodic reauthorization. Congress
completed the most recent reauthorization through multiple pieces of legislation and may reauthorize the HEA in a piecemeal
manner in the future. Additionally, Congress determines the funding level for each Title IV program on an annual basis. Any
action by Congress that significantly reduces funding for Title IV programs or the ability of our school or students to participate
in these programs could materially harm our business. A reduction in government funding levels could lead to lower enrollments
at our school and require us to arrange for alternative sources of ﬁnancial aid for our students. Lower student enrollments or our
inability to arrange such alternative sources of funding could adversely affect our business.
We are subject to compliance reviews, which, if they resulted in a material finding of noncompliance, could affect our
ability to participate in Title I V programs.
Because we operate in a highly regulated industry, we are subject to compliance reviews and claims of noncompliance and
related lawsuits by government agencies, accrediting agencies and third parties, including claims brought by third parties on
behalf of the federal government. For example, the Department of Education regularly conducts program reviews of educational
institutions that are participating in Title IV programs, and the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Education
regularly conducts audits and investigations of such institutions. The Department of Education could limit, suspend, or terminate
our participation in Title IV programs or impose other penalties such as requiring us to make refunds, pay liabilities, or pay an
administrative ﬁne upon a material finding of noncompliance.
32