Table,of,Contents
a notice published in the Federal Register that it intends to take action in relation to the regulation establishing a new definition of
misrepresentation, but it is unclear what that action will be or when it will be taken.
In the event of substantial misrepresentation, the Department of Education may revoke an institution’s program participation
agreement, limit the institution’s participation in Title IV programs, deny applications from the institution such as to add new
programs or locations, initiate proceedings to fine the institution or limit, suspend, or terminate its eligibility to participate in Title
IV programs. If the Department of Education or other third parties interpret statements made by us or on our behalf to be in
violation of the new regulations, we could be subject to sanctions and other liability, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business.
Our failure to comply with the Department of Education ’s credit hour rule could result in sanctions and other liability.
Effective July 1, 2011, Title IV regulations define the term “credit hour” and require accrediting agencies and state
authorization agencies to review the reliability and accuracy of an institution’s credit hour assignments. If an accreditor does not
comply with this requirement, its recognition by the Department of Education could be jeopardized. If an accreditor identifies
systematic or significant noncompliance in one or more of an institution’s programs, the accreditor must notify the Secretary of
Education. If the Department of Education determines that an institution is out of compliance with the credit hour deﬁnition, the
Department of Education could impose liabilities or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Our failure to comply with the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act or
Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1 9 72 could result in sanctions and other liability.
Strayer University must comply with the campus safety and security reporting requirements as well as other requirements in
the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act (“Clery Act”) including changes made
to the Clery Act by the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013. On October 20, 2014, the Department of
Education promulgated final regulations implementing amendments to the Clery Act. In addition, the Department of Education
has interpreted Title IX to categorize sexual violence as a form of prohibited sex discrimination and to require institutions to
follow certain disciplinary procedures with respect to such offenses. Failure to comply with the Clery Act or Title IX
requirements or regulations thereunder could result in action by the Department of Education to require corrective action, fine the
University or limit or suspend its participation in Title IV programs, could lead to litigation, and could harm the University’s
reputation.
We are subject to sanctions if we fail to calculate accurately and make timely payment of refunds of Title I V program
funds for students who withdraw before completing their educational program
The Higher Education Act and Department of Education regulations require us to calculate refunds of unearned Title IV
program funds disbursed to students who withdraw from their educational program before completing it. If refunds are not
properly calculated or timely paid, we may be required to post a letter of credit with the Department of Education or be subject to
sanctions or other adverse actions by the Department of Education, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Investigations, legislative and regulatory developments and general credit market conditions related to the student loan
industry may result in fewer lenders and loan products and increased regulatory burdens and costs.
The Higher Education Act regulates relationships between lenders to students and post-secondary education institutions. In
2009, the Department of Education promulgated regulations that address these relationships, and state legislators have also passed
or may be considering legislation related to relationships between lenders and institutions. In addition, new procedures introduced
and recommendations made by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau create uncertainty about whether Congress will impose
new burdens on private student lenders. These developments, as well as legislative and regulatory changes such as those relating
to gainful employment and repayment rates, creating uncertainty in the industry and general credit market conditions, may cause
some lenders to decide not to provide certain loan products and may impose increased administrative and regulatory costs. Such
actions could reduce demand for
36