Table,of,Contents
20, 2016, Sens. Mark Warner (D-VA) and Marco Rubio (R-F L) proposed legislation to replace the current options for federal
student loans with a single repayment system that would cap monthly payment amounts based on income. On September 21,
2016, Sen. Christopher Coons (D-DE) introduced the ASPIRE Act legislation which would rank all higher educational
institutions on a variety of categories including academic expenditures, Pell Grant award amounts, and completion rates. Under
the legislation, consistently ranking in the bottom without improvement could result in loss of need-based federal grant aid, ﬁnes,
and required public disclosures as to the ranking. On December 16, 2016, Rep. Duncan Hunter (R—CA) introduced legislation that
would prevent institutions that harbor or bring in illegal aliens from drawing funds under Title IV of the HEA. We cannot predict
whether these or similar bills, and others affecting our business, will be reintroduced in the 115th Congress and will pass or what,
if any, impact they would have on our business.
Appropriations
Congress reviews and determines appropriations for Title IV programs on an annual basis. An elimination of certain Title IV
programs, a reduction in federal funding levels of such programs, material changes in the requirements for participation in such
programs, or the substitution of materially different programs could reduce the ability of certain students to ﬁnance their
education. This, in turn, could lead to lower enrollments at Strayer University or require us to increase our reliance upon
alternative sources of student ﬁnancial aid. Given the significant percentage of our revenues that are derived indirectly from Title
IV programs, the loss of or a signiﬁcant reduction in Title IV program funds available to our students could have a material
adverse effect on Strayer University.
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CF PB”) has pursued enforcement actions against certain proprietary
institutions of higher education and has released several reports that directly address issues related to institutions of higher
education. In October 2016, the CFPB Student Loan Ombudsman released its annual report analyzing more than 5,500 complaints
the CF PB received from private student loan borrowers between September 1, 2015 and August 31, 2016 and more than 3,900
federal student loan financing complaints the CF PB received from federal student loan borrowers between March 1, 2016 and
August 31, 2016. We do not know what steps the CF PB or Congress may take in response to these actions and whether such
actions, if any, will have an adverse effect on our business or results of operations.
US. Department of Education
Title IV regulations applicable to Strayer University have been subject to frequent revisions, many of which have increased
the level of scrutiny to which higher education institutions are subjected and have raised applicable standards. In addition to those
regulations discussed above, on October 30, 2015, the Department of Education also published final regulations creating a new
income-contingent repayment plan and implementing changes to streamline and enhance existing processes for borrowers. The
regulations were effective July 1, 2016.
On February 8, 2016, the Department of Education announced the creation of a Student Aid Enforcement Unit to enable the
Department to respond more quickly and efficiently to allegations of illegal actions by higher education institutions. The
Enforcement Unit consists of four divisions, including an Investigations Group, a Borrower Defense Group, an Administrative
Actions and Appeals Service Group, and a Clery Group. The Enforcement Unit is designed to enable the Department to support
more reviews of high-risk institutions, respond to concerns raised by states’ and other federal agencies’ investigations, and
respond to complaints and claims for loan forgiveness by students. While the expansion and continued successful operation of
this unit will depend on new appropriations in the fiscal year 2017 budget, which has yet to be passed, former Secretary King
indicated that the unit would continue to operate regardless of whether the unit receives its requested earmarked funding.
College Affordability and Transparency Lists
The Department of Education publishes on its website lists of the top 5% of institutions, in each of nine categories, with (1)
the highest tuition and fees for the most recent academic year, (2) the highest “net price” for the most recent
29