Item 1A. Risk Factors
The following is a cautionary discussion of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that we believe are significant to our business, ﬁnancial condition
and ﬁnancial results. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 1 0-K, the following are some of the important factors
that, individually or in the aggregate, we believe could make our results diﬂer materially from those described in any forward-looking statements. It is
impossible to predict or identify all such factors and, as a result, you should not consider the following factors to be a complete discussion of risks,
uncertainties and assumptions.
Our business depends upon customers using email to exchange conﬁdential information, and a signiﬁcant shift of those messages to other
communication channels could impair our growth prospects and negatively affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
Our customers deploy and use our products and services to easily, securely and conﬁdentially send and receive email messages. Our business and
revenue substantially depend on our current and potential customers using email to exchange sensitive information electronically. New technologies,
products, or business models that could support secure communications could be disruptive to our business. If prospective or current customers were to send
and receive sensitive information using technology or communication channels other than email, our growth prospects and our business, ﬁnancial condition
and ﬁnancial results could be materially adversely affected.
Our business depends on market acceptance of our products and services, and our failure to achieve and maintain inﬂuential customers could
negatively affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
In order to continue to operate proﬁtably and grow, we must achieve and maintain broad market acceptance of our products and services at a price that
provides us with an acceptable rate of return relative to our costs. We have been successful in selling our Email Encryption products and services to high-
proﬁle customers in the healthcare, ﬁnancial services and government segments of the market. The acceptance and use of our products and services by those
signiﬁcant customers facilitates our sales to other potential customers, and an expanding base of users in the Zix Directory aids in our market penetration and
expansion. The loss of an inﬂuential customer of our existing products and services, or the failure to achieve sufficient market adoption of new products
including ZixQuarantine and ZiXOne, could impair our ability to expand the market penetration of our products and services, or cause us to reduce or
increase prices, which could reduce our revenues and net income and materially adversely affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
Our business relies on securing new customer subscriptions and subscription renewals from existing customers.
A large portion of our revenue is derived from customer subscriptions, and existing customers have no contractual obligations to purchase beyond the
initial subscription or contract period. We may not maintain historical subscription rates, and we may be unable to accurately predict our customer renewal
rates. Although we have historically retained approximately 90% of our recurring revenue on an annual basis, our customers’ renewal rates may decline or
ﬂuctuate as a result of a number of factors, including the level of their satisfaction with our products and technical support services, customer merger or
acquisition activity, customer budgets, the pricing of our products compared with those offered by our competitors, technology trends, the prevailing
regulatory regime and general market conditions. If new subscriptions or subscription renewals decline, our revenue or revenue growth may decline, and our
business may suffer.
The security of our networks and data centers is critical to our business and an actual or perceived breach of security through a cyber-attack or
otherwise could cause us to lose customers and could negatively affect our reputation, business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
We are dependent on our networks and data centers to provide our products and services. Due to the nature of the products and services we provide
and the sensitive nature of the information we collect, process, store, use and transmit, we may face cyber-attacks, data protection breaches, computer viruses
and other similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering or human error that attempt to penetrate and could harm our networks and data centers. Our
business depends on customers having and maintaining conﬁdence that we provide effective network and security protection. To reduce the risk of a
successful cyber—attack or similar event, we have implemented signiﬁcant physical and logical security measures to detect, identify and mitigate threats as
well as to monitor for and respond to potential breaches and incidents. Despite these security measures, our networks and data centers may remain vulnerable.
We may not be able to correct a security ﬂaw or particular vulnerability promptly, or at all. Further efforts to limit the ability of malicious third parties to
disrupt or undermine our security efforts may be costly to implement and may not be successful. If a cyber—attack or other breach of security occurs, or is
perceived to have occurred, in our internal systems or at our data centers and networks, it could cause negative publicity, interruption of our services, damage
to our reputation, unauthorized disclosure of our customers’ conﬁdential or proprietary information (including personally identiﬁable information),
disclosure of our intellectual property,
8