Liquidity Summary
Based on our current 2017 budget plans, we believe we have adequate resources and liquidity to sustain operations for at least the next twelve months.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
None.
Contractual Obligations and Contingent Liabilities and Commitments
We have total contractual obligations of $ 1 .4 million over the next year and $3 .8 million over the next three years primarily consisting of various
operating ofﬁce lease agreements. The lease of our headquarters facility in Dallas expires in 2024.
A summary of our ﬁxed contractual obligations and commitments at December 31, 2016, is as follows:
Payments Due by Period
(In thousands) Total 1 Year 2-3 Years 4-5 Years > 5 Years
[ _ _ _ _
ngratjnglgasgs $ 8.226 $ 1&8 $ 2.3337 $ 2.925 $ 3,96,6j
We have severance agreements with certain employees which would require us to pay up to approximately $4.6 million if all such employees
separated from employment with our Company following a triggering event (e.g., change of control) as deﬁned in the severance agreements.
New Accounting Standards
Revenue Recognition
In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASU 2014-09), which supersedes
most current revenue recognition guidance under US. GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services
are transferred to customers in an amount that reﬂects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09
deﬁnes a ﬁve step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgement and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition
process than are required under existing US. GAAP.
The standard is effective for us beginning in 2018, and requires using either of the following transition methods: (i) a ﬁll retrospective approach
reﬂecting the application of the standard in each prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (ii) a retrospective approach
with the cumulative effect of initially adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures). We have
begun an assessment of the guidance and expect our revenue to remain primarily unchanged. We are additionally analyzing the effect of the new guidance on
the timing of our recognition of the incremental costs of obtaining contracts. Accordingly, we are still evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU
2014-09 on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements and we have not yet determined the method by which we will adopt the standard.
Leases
In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842), which introduces a lessee model that brings most
leases onto the balance sheet. The new ASU eliminates the requirement in US. GAAP that entities use bright-line tests in determining lease classiﬁcations
and requires lessors to provide additional transparency into their exposure to the changes in value of their residual assets and how they manage that exposure.
The standard is effective for us beginning 2019. We expect the valuation of right to use assets and lease liabilities to be the present value of our
forecasted ﬁiture lease commitments and are assessing the discount rate to be applied in these valuations. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of
this new guidance on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
Accounting for Share-Based Payments
In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-B ased Payment Accounting (Topic
718), which simpliﬁes several aspects of the accounting for employees of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions including the
accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classiﬁcation in the statement of cash ﬂows.
26