disclosure, modiﬁcation or removal of our conﬁdential or sensitive information, theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets, loss of
customers, lost revenue and increased expense (including potentially indemniﬁcation or warranty costs), any of which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
Public key cryptography technology used in our businesses is subject to technology integrity risks that could reduce demand for our products and
services and could negatively affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
Our business employs public key cryptography technology and other encryption technologies to encrypt and decrypt messages. The security afforded
by encryption depends on the integrity of the private key, which is predicated on the assumption that it is very difﬁcult to mathematically derive the private
key from the related public key. Successful decryption of intercepted encrypted email, or public reports of successful decryption, whether or not true, could
reduce demand for our products and services. If new methods or technologies, such as quantum computing, make it easier to derive the private key from the
related public key, the security of encryption services using public key cryptography technology could be impaired and our products and services could
become less marketable. That could require us to make signiﬁcant changes to our services, which could increase our costs, damage our reputation, or
otherwise harm our business. Any of these events could reduce our revenues, increase our expenses and materially adversely affect our business, ﬁnancial
condition and ﬁnancial results.
Our business depends substantially on our data center facilities, and their unreliability or unavailability for a signiﬁcant period could cause us to lose
customers and could negatively affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
Much of the computer and communications hardware upon which our businesses depend is located in our data center facilities in Dallas and Austin,
Texas and in the United Kingdom. Our data centers might be damaged or interrupted by ﬁre, ﬂood, power loss, telecommunications failure, break-ins, cyber-
attacks, earthquakes, terrorist attacks, hostilities or war or other events. Computer viruses, equipment failure, denial of service attacks, and similar disruptions
affecting the intemet or our systems might cause service interruptions, delays and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from providing our services.
Problems affecting our data center operations or the networks on which we rely could result in loss of revenues, increased expenses, failure to achieve market
acceptance, diversion of resources, injury to our reputation, liability and increased costs. We do not carry sufﬁcient insurance to compensate us for all losses
that may occur as a result of any of these events. The occurrence of any of these events could materially adversely affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and
ﬁnancial results.
Outages or problems with systems and infrastructure supplied by third parties could negatively affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial
results.
Our business relies on third-party suppliers of the telecommunications infrastructure. We use various communications service suppliers and the global
intemet to provide network access between our data centers, our customers and end-users of our services. If those suppliers do not enable us to provide our
customers with reliable, real-time access to our systems, we may be unable to gain or retain customers. These suppliers periodically experience outages or
other operational problems as a result of internal system failures or external third party actions. Though our products generally tolerate isolated supplier
failures, multiple supplier outages or problems could materially adversely affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
The infrastructure supporting our business may suffer capacity constraints and business interruptions that could cause us to lose customers, increase
our operating costs and could negatively affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
Our business depends on our providing our customers reliable, real-time access to our data centers and networks. Customers will not tolerate a service
hampered by slow delivery times, unreliable service levels, service outages, or insufﬁcient capacity. System capacity limits or constraints arising from
unexpected increases in our volume of business or network trafﬁc could cause interruptions, outages or delays in our services, or deterioration in their
performance, or could impair our ability to process transactions. We may not be able to accurately project the rate of increase in usage of our systems or to
timely increase capacity to accommodate increased traffic on our systems. System delays or interruptions may prevent us from efﬁciently providing services
to our customers or other third parties, which could result in our losing customers and revenues, or incurring liabilities that could have a material adverse
effect on our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
The growth of our business may require signiﬁcant investment in systems and infrastructure and these investments may achieve delayed, or lower than
expected beneﬁts, which could impair our proﬁtability and negatively affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
As our operations grow in size and scope, we continually need to improve and upgrade our technology offerings, systems and infrastructure to offer an
increasing number of customers enhanced products, services, features and functionality, while maintaining the reliability and integrity of our systems and
infrastructure and pursuing reduced costs per transaction. Expanding our technology
9