would have to be applied in determining the amount of valuation allowance no longer required. Reversal of all or a part of this valuation allowance could
have a signiﬁcant positive impact on operating results in the period that it becomes more likely than not that certain of the Company’s deferred tax assets
will be realized. Alternatively, should our future income decrease from current levels, a resulting increase to all or a part of this valuation allowance could
also have a signiﬁcant negative impact on our operating results.
Valuation of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
We account for the valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets after classifying intangible assets into three categories: (1) intangible assets with
ﬁnite lives subject to amortization; (2) intangible assets with indeﬁnite lives not subject to amortization; and (3) goodwill. For intangible assets with ﬁnite
lives, tests for impairment must be performed if conditions exist that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. For intangible assets with
indeﬁnite lives and goodwill, tests for impairment must be performed at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that assets might
be impaired.
Goodwill was $2.2 million, or 3% and 2% of total assets, in each of the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015.
Our goodwill is not being amortized, but we do evaluate the goodwill for impairment annually in the fourth quarter, or when there is reason to believe
that the value has been diminished or impaired. Evaluations for possible impairment are based upon a comparison of the estimated fair value of the reporting
unit to which the goodwill has been assigned, versus the sum of the carrying value of the assets and liabilities of that unit including the assigned goodwill
value. We include our entire Company as the reporting unit. The fair values used in this evaluation are estimated based on the Company’s market
capitalization, which is based on the Company’s outstanding common stock and market price of the stock. Impairment is deemed to exist if the net book
value of the unit exceeds its estimated fair value. We have evaluated our goodwill and determined no impairment adjustment is required.
Stock-based Compensation
Our share-based awards include stock options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units. We have non-qualiﬁed stock options outstanding to
employees and directors under various stock option plans. The plans require the exercise price of options granted under these plans to equal or exceed the fair
market value of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant. The options, subject to termination of employment, generally expire ten years from the
date of grant. Employee stock options typically vest pro-rata and quarterly over three or four years. Restricted stock is issued to the employee at grant but is
subject to transfer restrictions. Stock is issued in exchange for restricted stock units when vesting conditions are met. The transfer restrictions and vesting
conditions may be time- or performance-based. Restricted stock and restricted stock units typically vest pro-rata annually over three or four years. We use the
straight-line amortization method for recognizing stock-based compensation costs. The weighted average grant-date fair value of awards of restricted stock,
and restricted stock units is based on quoted market price of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant. Option, restricted stock and restricted stock
unit grants to employees, officers and directors frequently contain accelerated vesting provisions upon the occurrence of a change of control, as deﬁned in
the applicable option agreements.
Full Year 2016 Summary of Operations
Financial
° Revenue for 2016 was $60.1 million compared with $54.7 million in 2015 and $50.3 million in 2014.
° Gross margin for 2016 was $49.6 million or 82% of revenues compared with $45.1 million or 82% of revenues in 2015 and with $42.0 million
or 83% ofrevenues in 2014.
- Net income for 2016 was $5.8 million compared with $5.0 million in 2015 and $4.1 million in 2014.
- Net income per diluted share was $0.11 for 2016 compared with $0.09 for 2015 and $0.07 for 2014.
- Unrestricted cash was $26.5 million on December 31, 2016.
21