If our products do not work properly or have security vulnerabilities, our reputation, business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results could be
negatively affected and we could experience negative publicity, declining sales and legal liability.
The threats facing our customers are constantly evolving and the techniques used by experienced hackers to access or sabotage data change
frequently, often are not recognized until launched against a target, and may originate from less regulated or remote areas around the world. As a result, we
must constantly update our product solutions to respond to these threats. We produce complex solutions that incorporate leading-edge technology,
including both hardware and software, that must operate in a wide variety oftechnology environments. Software may contain defects or “bugs” that can
interfere with expected operations or introduce security vulnerabilities that can lead to unauthorized use or data loss. There can be no assurance that our
testing programs will be adequate to detect all defects prior to the product being introduced, which might decrease customer satisfaction with our products
and services. The product reengineering cost to remedy a product defect or mitigate vulnerabilities could be material to our operating results. Our inability to
cure a product defect could result in the temporary or permanent withdrawal of a product or service from the market, a security breach, negative publicity,
damage to our reputation, failure to achieve market acceptance, lost revenue and increased expense, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our
reputation, business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
Our transmission and storage of personally identiﬁable information including the personal data of European data subjects and other conﬁdential
information, and inadvertent exposure of P11 or Cl, could cause us to violate data privacy laws or lose customers and could negatively affect our
business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
We transmit and store large amounts of personally identiﬁable information (“P11”) about individuals, which may include healthcare or ﬁnancial
information, and other conﬁdential information (“CI”). Although we have established, and continue to develop and enhance, security measures and controls
to help protect against unauthorized disclosure of such PII and other CI, an inadvertent disclosure of, or unauthorized third-party access to, P11 or CI, could
disrupt our operations, damage our reputation and subject us to claims or other liabilities.
In addition, our processing and storage of certain types of data is subject to conﬁdentiality agreements with our clients and handling P11 is
increasingly subject to a variety of changing privacy and data security regulations around the world, such as the European Union’s Data Protection Directive
and the forthcoming European Union Data Protection Regulation. Such laws and regulations are subject to new and differing interpretations and may be
inconsistent among jurisdictions. For example, in October 2015, the European Court of Justice invalidated the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor framework that had been
in place since 2000, which allowed companies including us to meet certain European legal requirements for the transfer of personal data from the European
Economic Area to the United States. In the wake of that decision, we decided to participate in the new EU—U.S. Privacy Shield framework established by the
US. Department of Commerce and the European Commission and opened for participation on August 1, 2016. We applied for and were approved for
certiﬁcation and are now an Active Participant in the Privacy Shield program. Our Privacy Shield self-certiﬁcation was ﬁnalized by the Department of
Commerce and became effective as of November 9, 2016. This will allow us to transfer personal data of European data subjects that we receive from
customers to the United States, in compliance with the Privacy Shield principles. While our Privacy Shield certiﬁcation and other mechanisms (such as
Model Clauses) to lawfully transfer such data remain, Privacy Shield and other transfer mechanisms are also subject to pending legal challenges and these
legal challenges may result in different European data protection regulators applying differing standards for the transfer of personal data. Future changes in
requirements under these regulations may be inconsistent with our existing data management practices. If so, we could be required to fundamentally change
our business activities and practices or modify our software, which could have an adverse effect on our business, including increased cost of compliance and
limitations on data transfer for us and our customers.
Any inability to adequately address privacy concerns, even if unfounded, or to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws, regulations
and policies, could result in additional costs and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales and harm our business. Furthermore, any inadvertent
disclosure of, or unauthorized access (including due to a cyber—attack) to, PH or other CI or other failure by us to comply with data privacy requirements
could subject us to signiﬁcant penalties, damages, remediation and other expenses, and damage our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
12