Seasonality
The Company typically experiences lower NFYO’s in the ﬁrst quarter of the calendar year. Our budget anticipates fewer NFYO’s in the ﬁrst quarter,
but historically this has not resulted in a material impact to our revenue or earnings on a seasonal basis.
Geographic Information
Our operations are primarily based in the US, with approximately 5% of our employees located in Canada. Except for a United Kingdom based data
center, we do not operate in, or have dependencies on, any other foreign countries. Our revenues and orders to-date are almost entirely sourced in the US. and
all signiﬁcant corporate assets at December 31, 2016, were located in the US.
Financial Information About Industry Segments
We have one reportable segment consisting of email encryption and security solutions. We internally evaluate all of our product offerings and other
sources of revenue as one industry segment, and, accordingly, do not report segment information.
Available Information
Our Internet address is www.2ixcorp.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and
amendments to those reports ﬁled or ﬁlmished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”),
are available on our website, without charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically ﬁle such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The
information found on our website shall not be considered to be part of this or any other report ﬁled with or fumished to the SEC.
In addition to our website, you may read and copy any materials we ﬁle with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 450 Fifth Street, N.W.,
Washington, DC. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the SEC’s Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The
SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and other information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including us, that ﬁle
electronically with the SEC. The address of the website is wwwsecgﬂ.
NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTORS
This document contains “forward-looking statements” (including the discussion appearing under the caption “Liquidity Summary” in “Item
7. Management ’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 0perations,”) within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the “Act”) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical fact are “forward-looking statements”
for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including: any projections of future business, market share, earnings, revenues, recognition of revenues from
backlog, cash receipts, or other ﬁnancial items; any statements of the plans, strategies, and objectives of management for future operations; any statements
concerning proposed new products, services, or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of
belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements may, but need not, include words such as “may,”
“will,” “predict,” “project,” “forecast,” “plan,” “should,” “could,” “goal,” “estimate,” “intend,” “continue,” “believe,” “expect,” “outlook,” “anticipate,”
“hope,” and other similar expressions. Any forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ
materially from the events or results described in the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described in the
“Item 1A Risk Factors” section.
Although we believe that expectations reﬂected in and the assumptions underlying our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results or
assumptions made could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future ﬁnancial condition and
results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to,
those disclosed in this document. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not intend, and undertake no
obligation, to update any forward-looking statement.
7