REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Zix Corporation
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Zix Corporation and subsidiaries (the “Company”), as of December 31, 2016 and 2015,
and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders’ equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31,
2016. The Company’s management is responsible for these ﬁnancial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these ﬁnancial statements
based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ﬁnancial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the ﬁnancial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and signiﬁcant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall ﬁnancial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated ﬁnancial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the ﬁnancial position of the Company, as of
December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash ﬂows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2016
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company’s internal control
over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated March 6, 2017 expressed an unqualiﬁed opinion.
/s/ WHITLEY PENN LLP
Dallas, Texas
March 6, 2017
F-2