Our 2016 results included record revenues. We attribute our success to on-going efforts to build a solid and predictable business based on our
successful recurring revenue subscription business model. For 2016, we continued to beneﬁt from growing concerns for data security and integrity issues,
which continue to make headline news, as well as the growing acceptance of cloud-based offerings along with the growing need for regulatory compliance.
For 2016, we reported revenue of $60.1 million, an increase of $5 .4 million over the prior year, driven principally by continued growth in our Email
Encryption business.
For the year ended December 31, 2016, our gross proﬁt of $49.6 million increased 10% compared to 2015. This increase was primarily driven by
increased revenue. Our 2016 operating income of $9.3 million increased $1.4 million over the prior year, as the gross proﬁt increase was offset by increased
research and development headcount and increased selling, general and administrative expense primarily related to patent defense and planned advertising
and promotional spending.
Our $5.8 million net income in 2016 is an increase of 16% compared to our $5 .0 million net income in 2015.
Other Financial Highlights
- Backlog was $81.7 million at the end of 2016, compared with $74.2 million at the end of 2015
- Total orders for 2016 were $68.6 million, an increase of 12% from the 2015 total orders of $61 .0 million
- Our deferred revenue at the end of 2016 was $27.2 million, compared with $24.0 million at the end of 20 1 5
- We generated cash ﬂows from operations of $15.3 million during ﬁscal 2016. Our cash and cash equivalents were $26.5 million at the end of
2016, compared with $28.7 million at the end of2015.
° Our shared, cloud-based ZixDirectory now has approximately 55 million members including some of the most respected institutions in the
country.
Our services are sold on a subscription basis with contract terms generally ranging from one to ﬁve years. We provide a ﬁnancial incentive to our
customers and sales force to contract for three to ﬁve years. Historically, most of our customers contract for three year terms, except for our large partner (i.e.,
“OEM”) orders which for the most part contain one year terms. At the end of the contract term we attempt to renew the subscription, again attempting to
secure a three to ﬁve year term. Our customers pay us annually at the start of the subscription term and each succeeding year on the anniversary of the
commencement of the service. We recognize revenue ratably on a monthly basis over the term of the subscription once service commences.
We attempt to grow the business by signing new customers to subscription services and/ or selling new or higher volume services to existing customers
(i.e., “upsell”) while retaining existing customers through renewal of their services.
Our total orders consist of orders from new customers, upsell to existing customers, plus renewal orders. Total orders may vary from quarter to quarter
due to the timing of renewal orders, which will ﬂuctuate in amount due to timing and length of expiring subscription terms. Similarly, total new orders and
upsell orders will ﬂuctuate in amount due to term length.
To better understand new orders, management tracks the ﬁrst year value of new orders as well as the total order value for the subscription term because
total order value will exceed the ﬁrst year value on multi-year orders. By segregating the ﬁrst year value of new orders, we eliminate the ﬂuctuation in total
order amount caused by the dollar impact of multi-year contracts. We refer to this metric as New First Year Orders (“NFYOs”).
Our backlog consists of the total order value of contracted business that has not yet been recognized into revenue. Backlog is calculated by adding to
the existing contracted order value the total value of all orders booked in the period (e.g., quarterly) less the value of revenue recognized for that period.
Although orders are non-cancellable, occasionally we adjust backlog for customer bankruptcy or change of term, but these instances are rare and do not
materially impact the backlog amount. The backlog will grow if the value of total orders added in a period exceeds the value of revenue recognized in that
period. Conversely, the backlog amount will decline if revenue recognized exceeds the total order value added for the period. Although rare, a decline in
backlog may result from ﬂuctuations in total orders caused by timing of renewal orders described above.
1 8