Our company was incorporated in Texas in 1988. Originally named Amtech Corporation, we changed our name to ZixIt® Corporation in 1999 when
we entered the encrypted email market. In 2002, we became Zix Corporation. Our executive ofﬁces are located at 2711 North Haskell Avenue, Suite 2200, LB
36, Dallas, Texas 75204-2960, (214) 370-2000.
Overview
Email is a mission-critical means of communication for enterprises. However, if email leaves a secure network environment in clear text, it can be
intercepted along the path between a sender and a recipient, which permits theft, redirection, manipulation or exposure to unauthorized parties. Failure to
control and manage such risks can result in enforcement penalties for noncompliance under numerous regulations, in addition to damaged reputation,
competitive disadvantage, a loss of intellectual property or other corporate assets, exposure to negligence or liability claims, and diversion of resources to
repair such damage. For example, healthcare organizations, business associates and sub-contractors are subject to the Privacy, Security, and Enforcement
Rules of the Health Information Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical
Health Act (“HITECH Act”). Financial institutions are subject to data privacy laws including the Gramm—Leach-Bliley Act (“GLBA”). These federal laws help
drive the use of encrypted email. In addition, individual states such as Massachusetts and Nevada have enacted privacy laws requiring the safeguard of
personal data, and almost all states encourage email encryption by allowing exemptions from data breach notiﬁcation laws.
Corporations require easy to use, cost-effective email protection that can be used on an enterprise-wide basis. They need it to be quickly deployed and
regularly updated to evolve with innovative technology practices and meet changing regulatory standards. To satisfy these needs, our Email Encryption
Service provides a comprehensive solution that analyzes and encrypts email communications.
Our Email Encryption Service allows a user to send encrypted email to any email user anywhere and on any Internet-enabled device. Encrypted email
is delivered through the patented Best Method of Delivery protocol which automatically determines the most direct and appropriate means of delivery, based
on the sender’s and recipient’s communications environment and preferences. The protocol supports a number of encrypted email delivery mechanisms,
including S/MIME, Transport Layer Security (“TLS”), Open Pretty Good Privacy (“PGP”), “push” delivery and secure portal “pull” delivery. These last two
mechanisms enable users to send messages securely to anyone with an email address, including those who do not have an encryption tool. Our Best Method
of Delivery makes the technology simple for end users and provides ﬂexibility and ease of implementation for information technology professionals. We
believe the ability to send messages through different modes of delivery is one of many differentiators that makes our Email Encryption Service superior to
competitive offerings.
The deployment of our Email Encryption Service at the periphery of the customer’s network means our Email Encryption Service encrypts outbound
email for an enterprise without the need to create, deploy or manage end user encryption keys or deploy desktop software. Our technology solutions are easy
to use, easy to deploy, and can be made operational quickly.
Our service has an integrated policy management capability. This policy engine can inspect the contents of emails and apply policies matching
speciﬁc industry criteria such as HIPAA, the HITECH Act and GLBA. Customers can also build their own custom policies. This policy driven email
encryption for regulatory compliance means customers can reduce the training required of their staff and signiﬁcantly reduce the risk of inadvertently
sending sensitive content by controlling the method of delivery through preset policies.
Competition
The most signiﬁcant differentiator for Zix Email Encryption Service as compared with our competition is ease of use. The best example of our
unequalled ease of use is transparent delivery of encrypted email messages. We are able to deliver transparent email encryption as a result of our
ZixDirectory, Best Method of Delivery and ZixGateway. The most critical and highly differentiated component of our solution is the ZixDirectory which
provides the ability to share user identities for encryption, and in turn provides ﬁictionless interoperability between users in a community of interest such as
healthcare, ﬁnance or government.
Our capability to offer interoperability is particularly important when it is necessary to communicate with external networks, as is the case with the
healthcare and ﬁnancial services markets. Our customers become part of the ZixDirectory, a global “white pages” enabling transparent secure
communications with other ZixGateway customers using our centralized key management system and overall unique approach to implementing secure email.
We enable secure communications with other users via TLS, Open PGP, “push” delivery and secure portal “pull” delivery mechanisms. However, we believe
our unique transparent delivery is the more preferred delivery model.
4