Zix Email Encryption and ZixQuarantine focus on the secure (i.e., encrypted) delivery and data loss prevention sub-segments of the email security
market. We view our primary competitors in this space to be Proofpoint Inc., Microsoft, Barracuda Networks, and Sophos Inc. Technically, while these
companies offer “send-to-anyone” encrypted email, we believe they are unable to offer the beneﬁts that come from access to the ZixDirectory, use of our Best
Method of Delivery protocol, and the industry’s only transparent email encryption. Nevertheless, some of these competitors are large enterprises with
substantial ﬁnancial and technical resources that exceed those we possess.
As discussed above, with the introduction of ZixOne, the Company entered the BYOD mobile device security market. In the BYOD market, we view
our primary competitors as companies that provide enterprise mobility management (“EMM”), which includes but is not limited to mobile device
management (“MDM”), containerization and app wrapping technology. EMM is premised on storing business data on an employee’s personally owned
device. In order to secure business data on personal devices, EMM requires individual users to permit their employer access to and control over personally
owned smartphones and tablet computers and therefore can create user concerns about loss of control and privacy of their devices. In contrast, ZixOne
enables Android® or IOS® mobile devices to View remotely stored corporate email, calendar and contacts, and to interact with that data. ZixOne more
effectively protects business email data by never allowing it to be stored on the device, where it might be subjected to exposure from theft or loss of the
device. Moreover, ZixOne does not require employees to relinquish device control or personal privacy to their employer. We believe these differentiators
make ZixOne an attractive BYOD solution. Competitors have an established brand in the market with substantial ﬁnancial and technical resources that
exceed those we possess. We view our primary competitors in this space to be AirWatch/VMware, Citrix (with XenMobile), Good Technology (purchased by
Blackberry), IBM/Fiberlink (with MaaS3 60), Microsoft (with ActiveSync), and MobileIron.
Regulatory Drivers
We have been successful in securing additional market penetration for Zix Email Encryption in our target vertical markets of healthcare, ﬁnance
services and government due to regulations that address the need for data privacy and security.
In addition to the need to protect personal data and sensitive business communication, demand for email encryption in the healthcare sector,
including business associates of healthcare providers, is augmented by regulatory requirements under HIPAA and HITECH Act. The Privacy and Security
rules under those acts provide severe penalties for violations, include strict breach notiﬁcation requirements, and allow states to pursue HIPAA Violations. In
the ﬁnancial services industry, ﬁnancial institutions and their service providers are subject to the GLBA, which is enforced by the US. Federal Trade
Commission (“FTC”). The FTC has issued guidance saying that businesses that transmit sensitive data by email should be sure to encrypt the data.
In choosing an email security provider, companies are inﬂuenced by the solutions chosen by their regulators. Our customers include all of the federal
regulators that comprise the FFIEC as well as the state banking regulators in more than twenty states. Our service is also a recommended solution of the
Conference of State Bank Supervisors, whose members regulate the more than 4,800 state-chartered banks in the US.
Additionally, state data breach laws and privacy regulations, along with highly publicized breaches, have enhanced security awareness in vertical
markets outside of healthcare and ﬁnancial services and have prompted affected organizations to consider adopting systems that ensure data security and
privacy. Even where there are no speciﬁc regulations, businesses may require email protection to adhere to evolving industry best practices for protecting
sensitive information.
Sales and Marketing
We sell our Zix Email Encryption, Zix DLP and ZixOne Services through a direct sales force that focuses on larger businesses and a telesales force that
focuses on small to medium-sized accounts. We also use a network of resellers and other distribution partners, including other service providers seeking an
email encryption offering in an original equipment manufacturing (“OEM”)—like relationship. New ﬁrst year orders (“NFYOs”), deﬁned as the twelve month
value of orders received from new customers, derived from our value-added resellers, OEM and third party distribution channels for 2016 were 57% of the
total new ﬁrst year orders compared to 64% in 2015. Google, Inc. continues to be our largest third party reseller representing approximately 5% of NFYOs in
2016. As of December 31, 2016, we had 270 value-added resellers and 139 managed security service providers across the US.
Employees
We had 201 employees as of December 31, 2016. The majority of our employees are located in Dallas, Texas. We also have a sales ofﬁce in
Burlington, Massachusetts; and a smaller ofﬁce located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
5