Problems with enforcing our intellectual property rights or using third party intellectual property could negatively affect our business, ﬁnancial
condition and ﬁnancial results.
We rely on a combination of contractual rights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents and copyrights to establish and protect intellectual property rights
and other proprietary rights in our products and services. These intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights might be challenged, invalidated or
circumvented. The steps we have taken to protect our proprietary information may not prevent its misuse, theft or misappropriation. Competitors may
independently develop technologies or products that are substantially equivalent or superior to our products or that inappropriately incorporate our
intellectual property rights or other proprietary technology into their products. Competitors may hire our former employees who may misappropriate our
intellectual property rights or other proprietary technology. Some jurisdictions may not provide adequate legal protection of our intellectual property rights
or other proprietary technology.
We may have to defend or assert our rights in intellectual property that we use in our services, and we could be found to infringe the intellectual
property rights of others, which could be disruptive and expensive to our business.
We may have to defend against claims that we or our customers are inﬁinging the rights of third parties in patents, copyrights, trademarks and other
intellectual property. If we acquire technology to include in our products from third parties, our exposure to inﬁingement actions may increase because we
must rely upon these third parties to verify the origin and ownership of such technology. Also, we may be required to spend signiﬁcant resources to monitor
and protect our intellectual property rights, including initiating claims or litigation against third parties for infringement or misappropriation. Intellectual
property litigation and controversies are disruptive and expensive, Whether or not resolved in our favor. Even unmeritorious claims brought against us or our
customers may harm our reputation and customer relationships, may cause us to incur signiﬁcant legal and other fees to defend, and may have to be settled
for signiﬁcant amounts. Infringement claims against us could require us to develop non-infringing services or enter into expensive royalty or licensing
arrangements. Our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results could be materially adversely affected if we are not able to develop non-infringing
technology or license technology on commercially reasonable terms.
We may face risks from using “open source” software that could negatively affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
Like many other software companies, we use “open source” software in order to take advantage of common industry building blocks and to add
functionality to our products quickly and inexpensively. Open source software license terms could adversely affect our intellectual property rights in our
products that include open source software. Depending upon how the open source software is deployed, we could be required to offer products that use the
open source software for no cost, or make available the source code for modiﬁcations or derivative works. Any of these obligations could have an adverse
impact on our intellectual property rights and revenue from products incorporating the open source software. Using open source code could also cause us to
inadvertently inﬁinge third-party intellectual property rights or require us to publicly disclose proprietary information. We have processes and controls in
place that are designed to address these risks and concerns, but we cannot be sure that our process or controls will be sufﬁcient to mitigate all risk in this
regard. Open source software might also introduce security vulnerabilities or defective functionality. The open source community may not always respond
with adequate urgency to mitigate the impacts of such defects.
We rely on the availability of third-party intellectual property, which may not be accessible to us on reasonable terms or at all.
Some of our products include third party intellectual property, which may require licenses from third parties. Based on past experience and industry
practice, we believe that such licenses can be obtained on reasonable terms; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain the necessary
licenses for new or current products on acceptable terms or at all. Failure to obtain such licenses may limit our ability to sell our products, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
We may fail to recruit and retain key personnel, which could impair our ability to meet key objectives.
Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain highly-skilled technical, managerial, sales, and marketing personnel. Changes in key
personnel may be disruptive to our business. It could be difﬁcult, time consuming and expensive to replace key personnel. Integrating new key personnel
may be difﬁcult and costly. Volatility, lack of positive performance in our stock price or changes to our overall compensation program including our stock
incentive program may adversely affect our ability to retain key employees, many of whom are compensated, in part, based on the performance of our stock
price. The loss of services of any of our key personnel, the inability to retain and attract qualiﬁed personnel in the ﬁlture or delays in hiring required
personnel could make it difﬁcult to meet key objectives. Any of these impairments related to our key personnel could negatively affect our business,
ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
13