and greater ﬁnancial and marketing resources than we do. These advantages might enable them (independently or through alliances) to develop and expand
ﬁmctionality of products and services faster than we can, to spend more money to market and distribute products and services than we can, or to offer their
products and services at prices lower than ours. These advantages could reduce our revenues and net income and materially adversely affect our business,
ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
If we do not successfully manage our strategic alliances, we may not realize the expected beneﬁts from such alliances and we may experience increased
competition or delays in product development.
We have entered into several strategic alliances with other companies to offer complementary products and services. These arrangements are generally
limited to speciﬁc projects or series of proj ects, and their main goal is generally to facilitate product compatibility and adoption of industry standards. There
can be no assurance that we will realize the expected beneﬁts from these strategic alliances. If successful, these relationships may be mutually beneﬁcial and
result in industry growth. However, alliances carry an element of risk because, in most cases, we must compete in some business areas with a company with
which we have a strategic alliance and, at the same time, cooperate with that company in other business areas. Also, if these partner companies fail to perform
or if these relationships fail to materialize as expected, we could suffer delays in product development or other operational difﬁculties.
We enlist third party distributors to market our products and services, and our failure to succeed in those relationships could negatively affect our
business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
We distribute a signiﬁcant percentage of our products and services by entering into alliances with third parties who can offer our products and services
along with their own or our competitors’ products and services. Increased reliance on third parties to market and distribute our products and services exposes
us to a variety of risks. For example, we have limited control over and visibility into the sales cycles of third party distributors, which could increase the
length of our sales cycle, cause our revenue to ﬂuctuate unpredictably and make it difﬁcult to accurately forecast our revenue. In addition, we may not
succeed in developing or maintaining marketing alliances. Companies with which we have marketing alliances may in the ﬁiture discontinue their
relationships with us, form marketing alliances with our competitors, or develop and market their own products and services that compete with ours. Ifa
signiﬁcant distributor were to discontinue its relationship with us, we could experience an interruption in the distribution of our products and services and
our revenues could decline. Our failure to develop, maintain and expand strategic distribution relationships could reduce our revenues and net income and
materially adversely affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
We may acquire product lines or businesses, which could impact our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
As part of our business strategy, we may periodically seek to acquire products lines or businesses from third parties that complement our current
product lines and businesses. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difﬁculties in the assimilation of the operations, technologies, services and
products of the acquired product lines or businesses, estimation and assumption of liabilities and contingencies, personnel turnover and the diversion of
management’s attention from other business concerns. We may be unable to successfully integrate and manage product lines or businesses that we acquire in
the future, or be unable to achieve anticipated beneﬁts or costs savings from acquisitions in the timeframe we anticipate, or at all. The inability to effectively
and efﬁciently manage acquisitions with the results we expect or in the timeframe we anticipate could adversely affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and
ﬁnancial results.
Unfavorable economic environments, particularly in the U.S., could negatively affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
Challenging economic conditions worldwide have from time to time contributed, and may continue to contribute, to slowdowns in the technology
and networking industries at large, as well as in the encrypted email/ data security market and in speciﬁc geographic markets in which we operate. If economic
growth in those markets, particularly in the U.S., which accounts for a substantial majority of our revenue, slows, or credit is unavailable at a reasonable cost,
current and potential customers may delay or reduce technology purchases, including the deployment or expansion of our products and services.
Additionally, as we continue our corporate strategy of exploring additional international markets, we may become more susceptible to unfavorable economic
environments outside the US. and that could compound the negative effects of unfavorable economic environments in markets in which we currently
operate. This could result in reduced sales of our products and services, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price
competition. In addition, adverse economic conditions could negatively affect the cash ﬂow of our customers and distributors, which might result in failures
or delays in payments to us. This could increase our credit risk exposure and delay our recognition of revenue. Speciﬁc economic trends, such as declines in
the demand for cloud computing services and computing devices, or softness in corporate information technology spending, could have a more direct impact
on our business. If these conditions persist, spread or deteriorate further, our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results could be materially adversely
affected.
1 1