ZIX CORPORATION
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. Company Overview
Zix Corporation (“Zix,” the “Company,” “we,” “our,” “us”) provides email encryption, data loss prevention (“DLP”) and Bring-Your—Own-Device
(“BYOD”) solutions to meet the data protection and compliance needs of organizations primarily in the healthcare, ﬁnancial services, and government
sectors.
2. Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Basis of Presentation — The accompanying consolidated ﬁnancial statements include the accounts of all our wholly-owned subsidiaries and are
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“US GAAP”). All inter-company accounts and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Use of Estimates — The preparation of consolidated ﬁnancial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported
period. Our signiﬁcant estimates include primarily those required in the valuation or impairment analysis of goodwill, property and equipment, revenue
recognition, allowances for doubtful accounts, stock-based compensation, litigation accruals, valuation allowances for deferred tax assets and tax accruals.
Although we believe that adequate accruals have been made for unsettled issues, additional gains or losses could occur in future years from resolutions of
outstanding matters. Actual results could differ materially from original estimates.
Cash Equivalents — Cash investments with maturities of three months or less when purchased are considered cash equivalents.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments —The Company does not measure the fair value of any ﬁnancial instrument other than cash equivalents, options,
and other equity awards. The carrying values of other ﬁnancial instruments (receivables and accounts payable) are not recorded at fair value but approximate
fair values primarily due to their short-term nature. The carrying values of other current assets and accrued expenses are also not recorded at fair value, but
approximate fair values primarily due to their short-term nature.
Valuation of Property and Equipment — The accounting policies and estimates relating to property and equipment are considered signiﬁcant because
of the potential impact that impairment, obsolescence, or change in an asset’s useful life could have on the Company’s operating results.
We record an impairment charge on the assets to be held and used when we determine based upon certain triggering events that the carrying value of
property and equipment may not be recoverable based on expected undiscounted cash ﬂows attributable to such assets. The amount of a potential
impairment is determined by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to either the value determined from a projected discounted cash ﬂow method, using
a discount rate that is considered to be commensurate with the risk inherent in the Company’s current business model or the estimated fair market value.
Assumptions are made with respect to ﬁlture net cash ﬂows expected to be generated by the related asset. An impairment charge would be recorded for an
amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeded the discounted projected net cash ﬂows or estimated fair market value. Also, even where a current
impairment charge is not necessary, the remaining useful lives are evaluated. No impairment was recorded for any of the periods presented.
Property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated or amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives as follows:
computer and ofﬁce equipment and software — three years; leasehold improvements — the shorter of ﬁve years or the lease term; and ﬁlmiture and ﬁxtures
— ﬁve years.
Goodwill — We account for the valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets after classifying intangible assets into three categories: (1)
intangible assets with ﬁnite lives subject to amortization; (2) intangible assets with indeﬁnite lives not subject to amortization; and (3) goodwill. For
intangible assets with ﬁnite lives, tests for impairment must be performed if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. For
intangible assets with indeﬁnite lives and goodwill, tests for impairment must be performed at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances
indicate that assets might be impaired.
Goodwill was $2.2 million, or 3% and 2% of total assets for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
F-7