For additional discussion of the Company’s signiﬁcant accounting policies, refer to Note 2 to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
Revenue Recognition
We develop market, and support applications that connect, protect and deliver information in a secure manner. We derive our revenue from
subscription fees for rights related to the use of our software. Software subscription terms typically range from one to three years.
Revenue is recognized when all of the following have been met:
° persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
- delivery has occurred or services have been rendered,
- the price is ﬁxed and determinable, and
- collectability is probable.
Discounts provided to customers are recorded as reductions in revenue.
We have determined that substantially all of our revenue arrangements are in the scope of the software revenue recognition rules. Multiple elements in
our software arrangements are sold as a single unit consisting of the following elements: (i) subscription licensed software delivered to the customer’s site, (ii)
ongoing customer support and (iii) access to our hosted encryption network (Zix encryption network) during the term of the agreement.
(i) Software at the customer site performs critical ﬁmctions of the email encryption process and is the predominant element in our arrangements.
Actions performed by the software at the customer site include identifying when encryption is needed through the use of ﬁlters and lexicons,
determining the best method of delivery (BMOD) by examining secure connection options and selecting the BMOD. BMOD is a key marketing
differentiator for us and is deﬁned as the most secure and easiest method to deliver encrypted email. Customers can install the software on their
own hardware or we can deliver hardware that we own to the customer site.
(ii) Customer support includes unspeciﬁed software upgrades, updates and bug ﬁxes and access to live technical support technicians and on-line
knowledge resources
(iii) The Zix encryption network includes access to our central network which facilitates transparent encrypted email exchange among all of our
customers by providing public encryption keys (asymmetrical encryption requires two keys— a public key provided by the central network and
a private key generated by the software at the customer site). The delivered software element is essential to the functionality and utility of this
central network. The network also enables our customers to send encrypted emails to non-Zix customer recipients through a portal.
Approximately 9% of our revenue in 2016 was derived from hosted email encryption solutions. We apply general revenue recognition guidance to
these hosted arrangements.
In all revenue arrangements we cannot determine vendor speciﬁc objective evidence (VSOE) and we cannot establish separate units of accounting for
the multiple elements of our arrangements that are bundled and sold as one unit. All revenue arrangements are sales of subscription based (i.e. time-based)
licenses. We defer revenue until the software is delivered and the service is deployed. Upon deployment, we commence revenue recognition and revenue is
recognized ratably over the subscription period generally ranging from one to three years.
Income Taxes
Deferred tax assets are recognized if it is “more likely than not” that the beneﬁt of the deferred tax asset will be realized on future federal or state
income tax returns. At December 31, 2016, we provided a valuation allowance against a signiﬁcant portion, $46.0 million, of our accumulated U.S. deferred
tax assets. This signiﬁcant valuation allowance reﬂects our historical losses and the uncertainty of future taxable income sufﬁcient to utilize net operating
loss carryforwards prior to their expiration. Our total deferred tax asset not subject to a valuation allowance is valued at $45.7 million, and consists of $39.0
million for federal net operating loss carryforwards, $3 .7 million relating to temporary timing differences between US. generally accepted accounting
principles (“GAAP”) and tax-related expense, $1.7 million relating to US. state income tax credits, and $1.3 million related to Alternative Minimum Tax
credits. If U.S. taxable income increases from its current level in a future period or if the facts and circumstances on which our estimates and assumptions are
based were to change, thereby impacting the likelihood of realizing the deferred tax assets, judgement
20