We retain approximately 90% of our recurring revenue on an annual basis. We calculate this percentage by identifying the current period revenue less
revenue associated with orders for new services received in the prior twelve month period and comparing this amount to the total revenue in the
corresponding prior year period. Deferred revenue is the value of contracted business that has been paid but has not been recognized as revenue. See
description of the components of the backlog following in Item 7 of this Form 10-K under the heading, “Backlog and Orders.”
Our revenue growth is dependent on our ability to sell subscription services to new customers, upsell new services or increase volume with existing
customers and retain existing customers by renewing their subscription services. Generally, if annual NFYOs exceed the annual value of cancelled
subscriptions, revenue should grow. However, revenue growth may ﬂuctuate due to timing of deployment of new services and subscription cancellations. For
example, a new order reported in NFYOs in one quarter may not be deployed to the customer until the following quarter and therefore delay commencement
of revenue recognition. Similarly, a cancellation of a contract with an expiration in the ﬁrst month of a quarter will have a higher negative impact on revenue
in the quarter than a contract of the same amount with an expiration in the last month of a quarter. The impact of these quarter to quarter ﬂuctuations tends to
diminish over annual periods making year over year quarterly revenue comparisons more indicative of revenue growth than sequential quarterly revenue
comparisons.
Our operations and ﬁiture prospects are further discussed throughout this “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations” (“MD&A”).
There are no assurances we will be successful in our efforts to achieve continued growth. Our continued growth depends on the timely development
and market acceptance of our products and services. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for more information on the risks relative to our operations and ﬁlture
prospects.
Revenue
Revenue increased by 10% in 2016 compared with 2015. Our revenue growth was driven by our successful subscription model that continues to yield
steady additions to the subscriber base coupled with a high rate of renewing existing customers.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
In preparing our consolidated ﬁnancial statements, we make estimates, assumptions and judgments that can have a signiﬁcant impact on revenue,
income from operations and net income, as well as the value of certain assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. The application of our critical
accounting policies requires an evaluation of a number of complex criteria and signiﬁcant accounting judgements by us. Management bases its estimates on
historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for
making judgements about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on a regular basis and make changes accordingly. Senior
management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of these estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. Actual results
may materially differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. If actual results were to differ from these estimates materially, the
resulting changes could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
We consider accounting policies to be critical when they require us to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the
accounting estimate is made and when different estimates that our management reasonably has used have a material effect on the presentation of our ﬁnancial
condition, changes in ﬁnancial condition or results of operations. Management believes the following critical accounting policies reﬂect our more
signiﬁcant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
Our critical accounting policies included the following:
- Revenue recognition
- Income taxes
- Valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets
- Stock-based compensation costs
19