Our goodwill is not being amortized, but we do evaluate the goodwill for impairment annually in the fourth quarter, or when there is reason to believe
that the value has been diminished or impaired. Evaluations for possible impairment are based upon a comparison of the estimated fair value of the reporting
unit to which the goodwill has been assigned, versus the sum of the carrying value of the assets and liabilities of that unit including the assigned goodwill
value. We include our entire Company as the reporting unit. The fair values used in this evaluation are estimated based on the Company’s market
capitalization, which is based on the outstanding stock and market price of the stock. Impairment is deemed to exist if the net book value of the unit exceeds
its estimated fair value. No impairment was recorded for any of the periods presented.
Deferred Tax Assets — Deferred tax assets are recognized if it is “more likely than not” that the beneﬁt of the deferred tax asset will be realized on
future federal or state income tax returns. At December 31, 2016, we provided a valuation allowance against a signiﬁcant portion, $46.0 million, of our
accumulated U.S. deferred tax assets, reﬂecting our historical losses and the uncertainty of future taxable income sufﬁcient to utilize net operating loss
carryforwards prior to their expiration. Our total deferred tax asset not subject to a valuation allowance is valued at $45 .7 million, and consists of $39.0
million for federal net operating loss carryforwards, $3 .7 million relating to temporary timing differences between US. GAAP and tax-related expense, $1.7
million relating to US. state income tax credits and $1.3 million related to Alternative Minimum Tax credits. If U.S. taxable income increases from its current
level in a future period or if the facts and circumstances on which our estimates and assumptions are based were to change, thereby impacting the likelihood
of realizing the deferred tax assets, judgment would have to be applied in determining the amount of valuation allowance no longer required. Reversal of all
or a part of this valuation allowance could have a signiﬁcant positive impact on operating results in the period that it becomes more likely than not that
certain of the Company’s deferred tax assets will be realized. Alternatively, should our future income decrease from current levels, a resulting increase to all
or a part of this valuation allowance could also have a signiﬁcant negative impact on our operating results.
Uncertain Tax Positions — Our Company recognizes and measures uncertain tax positions using a two-step approach. The ﬁrst step is to evaluate the
tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on
audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax beneﬁt as the largest amount that is more
than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement.
Leases — A leased asset whose lease terms meet the criteria for capitalization is recorded as an asset and depreciated. If a lease does not meet the
criteria for capitalization, it is classiﬁed as an operating lease and payments are recorded as rent expense. For 2016 and 2015 we had no leases that qualiﬁed
as capital leases. Lease renewal options which we are “reasonably assured” of using and the related payments are taken into account when initially
classifying and recording the lease as a capital lease obligation or as straight-line rent if an operating lease. Funds provided by the lessor for leasehold
improvements are recorded as a deferred lease incentive and amortized as a reduction of rent expense over the lease term.
Revenue Recognition — We develop, market and support applications that connect, protect and deliver information in a secure manner. We generate
our sales through both a direct sales team and, increasingly, through our channel partners. We derive our revenue from subscription fees for rights related to
the use of our software. Software subscription terms typically range from one to three years.
Revenue is recognized when all of the following criteria have been met:
° persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
- delivery has occurred or services have been rendered,
- the price is ﬁxed and determinable, and
- collectability is probable.
We record our revenue net of any value added or sales tax. Discounts provided to customers are recorded as reductions in revenue.
We have determined that substantially all of our revenue arrangements are in the scope of the software revenue recognition rules. Multiple elements in
our software arrangements are sold as a single unit consisting of the following elements: (i) subscription licensed software delivered to the customer’s site, (ii)
ongoing customer support and (iii) access to our hosted encryption network (Zix encryption network) during the term of the agreement.
(i) Software at the customer site performs critical functions of the email encryption process and is the predominant element in our arrangements.
Actions performed by the software at the customer site include identifying when encryption is needed through the use of ﬁlters and lexicons,
determining the best method of delivery (“BMOD”) by examining secure connection options and selecting the BMOD. BMOD is a key
marketing differentiator for us and is deﬁned as the most
F-8