PART I
Item 1. Business
Zix Corporation (“Zix®,” the “Company,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) offers email encryption, data loss prevention (“DLP”) and Bring-Your—Own-Device
(“BYOD”) security to meet business data protection and compliance needs. We primarily serve organizations in the healthcare, ﬁnancial services, insurance
and government sectors, including signiﬁcant federal ﬁnancial regulators, such as all members of the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council
(“FFIEC”), divisions of the U.S. Treasury, the US. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), 30 percent of US. banks, more than 30 Blue Cross Blue
Shield organizations and more than 1,200 US. hospitals.
Zix® Email Encryption enables the secure exchange of emails that include sensitive information through a comprehensive secure messaging service,
which allows an enterprise to use policy-driven rules to determine which email messages should be sent securely to comply with regulations or company-
deﬁned policies.
The main differentiator for Zix Email Encryption in the marketplace is its exceptional ease of use. The best example of this is its ability to provide
transparent delivery of encrypted email. Most email encryption solutions are focused on the sender. They typically introduce an added burden on recipients,
often requiring additional steps and passwords. We designed our solution to alleviate the recipient’s burden by enabling the delivery of encrypted email
automatically and transparently. Zix enables transparent delivery through (1) ZixDirectorjy®, the world’s largest email encryption community, which is
designed to share identities of our tens of millions of members (growing by approximately 170,000 members per week), (2) Zix’s patented Best Method of
Delivery®, which is designed to deliver email in the most secure, most convenient method possible for the recipient, and (3) ZixGateway®, which
automatically encrypts and decrypts messages with sensitive content. The result is the industry’s most advanced transparent encrypted email, such that secure
email can be exchanged without extra steps or passwords for both senders and receivers. Zix delivers more than 1.5 million encrypted messages on a typical
business day. On average, 70% of those encrypted messages are exchanged transparently between senders and recipients.
Zix launched ZixQuarantineSM, formerly ZixDLP®, an email—speciﬁc solution in early 2013. By focusing strictly on email, ZixQuarantine addresses
business’s greatest source of data loss — corporate email. The straightforward DLP approach decreases the complexity and cost often associated with other
DLP solutions. ZixQuarantine is also designed to reduce deployment time from months to hours and minimize impact on customer resources and workﬂow. In
addition, ZixQuarantine offers a convenient experience for both employees interacting with the solution and administrators managing the system.
Leveraging the company’s leadership and expertise in email encryption, ZixQuarantine uses Zix’s proven policy and content scanning capabilities
with quarantine ﬁinctionality and an intuitive interface, which allow administrators to (1) easily deﬁne policies and create custom content ﬁlters for
quarantining email messages, (2) conveniently manage quarantined messages using ﬂexible searching and ﬁltering options, (3) release or delete individual or
multiple quarantined messages with one click, (4) review reports that monitor quarantine activities and trends and (5) automate custom notiﬁcations
informing employees of quarantined messages.
ZixQuarantine is available as an add-on for existing Zix customers or as a bundle with Zix Email Encryption for new customers. ZixQuarantine is also
available as a standalone solution that can easily integrate with most email systems and email encryption solutions.
In late 2013, Zix launched ZixOne®, a unique mobile email app that solves the key IT challenge created by the BYOD trend in the workplace. BYOD
describes the increasing trend of employees using their personal devices to conduct work. ZixOne provides access to corporate email while never allowing
that data to be persistently stored on the device where it is vulnerable to loss or theft. If the device is lost or stolen, an administrator can simply disable access
to corporate email from that device through ZixOne.
Unlike other BYOD solutions, ZixOne meets employee demands of convenience, control and privacy while giving companies the ability to secure
corporate data and meet compliance needs. With seamless access to work email in a secure, simple-to-use environment, employees can stay productive while
preserving device independence. ABYOD solution that is acceptable to employees and yet provides strong data protection for corporate data solves one of
today’s greatest IT management challenges.
Our business operations and service offerings are supported by the ZixData CenterTM, a SOC3 certiﬁed, SOC2 accredited, PCI DSS V3 .2 certiﬁed
facility. The operations of the ZixData Center are independently audited annually to maintain AICPA SOC3 certiﬁcation in the areas of security,
conﬁdentiality, integrity and availability. Auditors also produce a SOC2 report on the effectiveness of operational controls used over the audit period. The
ZixData Center is staffed 24 hours a day with a track record that exceeds 99.99% availability.
3