Governmental restrictions on the sale of our products and services in non-U.S. markets could negatively affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and
ﬁnancial results.
Exports of software solutions and services using encryption technology such as ours are generally restricted by the US. government. Although we
have obtained U.S. government approval to export our service to almost all countries, the list of countries to which we (and our distributors) cannot export
our products and services could be expanded in the future. In addition, some countries impose restrictions on the importation and use of encryption solutions
and services such as ours. The cost of compliance with US. and other export laws, or our failure to obtain governmental approvals to offer our products and
services in non-U.S. markets, could affect our ability to sell our products and services and could impair our international expansion. We face a variety of other
legal and compliance risks. If we or our distributors fail to comply with applicable law and regulations, we may become subject to penalties, ﬁnes or
restrictions that could materially adversely affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
Exercises and vesting of equity awards relating to our common stock may dilute the ownership interests of existing shareholders and could negatively
affect the value of our common stock.
Our employees hold a signiﬁcant number of outstanding options and other equity awards. The vesting and exercise of these awards, and the resulting
issuance of additional shares of our common stock, dilutes the ownership interests and voting rights of our current shareholders. Issuances and/or sales of
those additional shares could cause our common stock to decline in value. In recent years, we have completed several share repurchase programs, the effect of
which has been to mitigate the dilutive effect of our employee equity grants. There can be no assurance, however, that we will continue these share
repurchase programs in the future.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 2. Properties
We leased properties during 2016 that are considered signiﬁcant to the operations of the business in the following locations: Burlington,
Massachusetts; Ottawa, Ontario, Canada; the United Kingdom; and Dallas and Austin, Texas. Our Burlington employees perform sales and marketing
activities. Our Ottawa employees perform both client services and sales support activities. The United Kingdom facility provides data center support for our
European customers. The Dallas ofﬁce is our headquarters, which includes research and development, marketing, sales and all general administrative services,
and the ZixData Center. Our Austin location is used primarily for fail-over and business continuity services and is used to some extent to support normal
ongoing operations. Our facilities are suitable for our current needs and are considered adequate to support expected near term growth.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
We are subject to legal proceedings, claims, and litigation involving our business. While the outcome of these matters is currently not determinable,
and the costs and expenses of resolving these matters may be signiﬁcant, we currently do not expect that the ultimate costs to resolve these matters will have
a material adverse effect on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
14