General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salary and bonuses, travel, stock-based compensation and beneﬁts for administrative and
executive personnel as well as fees for professional services and other general corporate activities.
The $0.9 million increase in general and administrative expense from 2016 compared with 2015 resulted primarily from an increase in litigation fees
associated with defense our intellectual property and other consulting fees. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in year over year severance
costs related to transition within our executive team.
The $2.9 million increase in general and administrative expense in 2015 compared with 2014 resulted primarily from CEO transition related severance
costs, higher variable compensation bonus expense, and higher legal and consulting fees. These increases were partially offset by lower depreciation and
facilities expense, including a utility true-up credit from our Dallas landlord.
Income Taxes
Our Company or one of our subsidiaries ﬁles income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various states and in the Canadian federal and
provincial jurisdictions. We recognize and measure uncertain tax positions using a two-step approach. The ﬁrst step is to evaluate the tax position for
recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including
resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax beneﬁt as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of
being realized upon settlement.
Our Company incurred tax expense of $3 .7 million, $3 .1 million and $2.8 million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. For all years presented, tax
expense represented deferred tax expense, refundable U.S. Alternative Minimum Tax, U.S. research and development credits, non-U.S. taxes payable related
to the operations of the Company’s Canadian subsidiary established in late 2002, and state income taxes.
Signiﬁcant judgement is required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. In assessing the need for a valuation
allowance, we consider available evidence, including past earnings, estimates of ﬁlture taxable income, and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. At
December 31, 2016, the Company partially reserved its U.S. net deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of ﬁlture taxable income sufﬁcient to utilize net loss
carryforwards prior to their expiration. The portion of the Company’s deferred tax asset not reserved was $45 .7 million. The majority of this unreserved
portion related to $39.0 million U.S. net operating losses (“NOLs”) because we believe the Company will generate sufﬁcient taxable income in future years to
utilize these NOLs prior to their expiration. The remaining balance consists of $3 .7million relating to temporary timing differences between GAAP and tax-
related expense, $1.7 million relating to U.S. state tax income credits, and $1.3 million related to Alternative Minimum Tax credits.
We have determined that utilization of existing NOLs against future taxable income is not limited by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code.
Future ownership changes, however, may limit the company's ability to fully utilize its existing net operating loss carryforwards against any future taxable
income.
If we begin to generate additional U.S. taxable income in a future period or if the facts and circumstances on which our current estimates and
assumptions are based were to change, thereby impacting the likelihood of realizing a greater or lesser amount of our deferred tax assets, judgement would
have to be applied in determining the amount of valuation allowance required. Adjusting our valuation allowance could have a signiﬁcant impact on
operating results in the period that it becomes more likely than not that an additional portion of our deferred tax assets will or will not be realized.
Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely impacted by earnings being lower or higher than anticipated; by tax
effects of nondeductible compensation; or by changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, including accounting for uncertain tax positions or
interpretations. Signiﬁcant judgment is required to determine the recognition and measurement applicable to all income tax positions. This includes the
potential recovery of previously paid taxes, which if settled unfavorably could adversely affect our provision for income taxes or additional paid-in capital.
In addition, our income tax returns are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of
adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income.
Net Income
Net Income — The Company generated net income of $5.8 million in 2016 compared with $5.0 million in 2015 and $4.1 million in 2014. The increase
to our net income is due to revenue growth, offset by higher operating expenses, as discussed above.
24