secure and easiest method to deliver encrypted email. Customers can install the software on their own hardware or we can deliver hardware that
we own to the customer site. In recent years more customers have opted to have the software installed on their own hardware, and as a result the
number of Zix supplied hardware devices has declined. Any hardware provided as part of our services primarily included manufacturer
provided warranty provisions. We recorded no warranty expense in any of the presented periods.
(ii) Customer support includes unspeciﬁed software upgrades, updates and bug ﬁxes and access to live technical support technicians and on-line
knowledge resources.
(iii) The Zix encryption network includes access to our central network which facilitates transparent encrypted email exchange among all of our
customers by providing public encryption keys (asymmetrical encryption requires two keys— a public key provided by the central network and
a private key generated by the software at the customer site). The delivered software element is essential to the functionality and utility of this
central network. The network also enables our customers to send encrypted emails to non-Zix customer recipients through a portal.
Approximately 9% of our revenue in 2016 was derived from hosted email encryption solutions. We apply general revenue recognition guidance to
these hosted arrangements.
In all revenue arrangements we cannot determine vendor speciﬁc objective evidence (VSOE) and we cannot establish separate units of accounting for
the multiple elements of our arrangements that are bundled and sold as one unit. All revenue arrangements are sales of subscription based (i.e. time-based)
licenses. We defer revenue until the software is delivered and the service is deployed. Upon deployment, we commence revenue recognition and revenue is
recognized ratably over the subscription period generally ranging from one to three years.
Software Development Costs —Costs incurred in the development and testing of subscription software products related to research, project planning,
training, maintenance and general and administrative activities, and overhead costs are expensed as incurred. The costs of relatively minor upgrades and
enhancements to the software are also expensed as incurred.
Costs for the development of new software solutions and substantial enhancements to existing software solutions are expensed as incurred until
technological feasibility has been established, at which time any additional costs would be capitalized. No research and development costs have been
capitalized because we believe that technological feasibility is established concurrent with general release to customers.
Research and development costs associated with software developed for internal use on behalf of our customers are capitalized. To date, capitalized
costs for software developed for internal use on behalf of our customers were not material.
Advertising Expense — Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Our operations include advertising expense of $1.9 million, $2.1 million, and $2.9
million in 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.
Stock-Based Compensation — We currently use the straight-line amortization method for recognizing stock option and restricted stock compensation
costs. The measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to our employees and directors are based on the
estimated fair value of the awards on the grant dates. The grant date fair value is estimated using either an option-pricing model which is consistent with the
terms of the award or a market observed price, if such a price exists. Such cost is recognized over the period during which an employee or director is required
to provide service in exchange for the award, i.e., “the requisite service period” (which is usually the vesting period). We also estimate the number of
instruments that will ultimately be earned, rather than accounting for forfeitures as they occur.
Earnings Per Share (“EPS ”) — Basic EPS is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted EPS
adjusts Basic EPS for the effects of dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding during each period using the treasury stock method.
New Accounting Standards
Revenue Recognition
In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASU 2014-09), which supersedes
most current revenue recognition guidance under US. GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services
are transferred to customers in an amount that reﬂects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09
deﬁnes a ﬁve step process to achieve this core principle and,
F—9