offerings, systems and infrastructure may require us to commit substantial ﬁnancial, operational and technical resources, with no assurance that the volume of
our business will increase, which could reduce our net income, deplete our cash, and materially adversely affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and
ﬁnancial results. Developing and launching new product offerings adjacent to or outside of our core encrypted email offerings can be particularly costly in
terms of capital investments for both product development and marketing. At the same time, these new offerings involve greater uncertainty concerning both
market acceptance and our ability to successfully execute a sales and marketing strategy that justiﬁes our investments. Our failure to properly manage and
execute new product initiatives could materially adversely affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
Our failure to keep pace with rapid technology changes could have a negative impact on our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
The markets for our products and services are characterized by rapid technological developments and frequent changes in customer requirements. We
must continually improve the performance, features and reliability of our products and services, particularly in response to competitive offerings, to keep
pace with these developments. We must ensure that our products and services address evolving operating environments, devices, industry trends,
certiﬁcations and standards. For example, we have been required to expand our offerings for virtual computer environments and mobile environments to
support a broader range of mobile devices. We also may need to develop products that are compatible with new operating systems while remaining
compatible with existing, popular operating systems. Our business could be harmed by our competitors announcing or introducing new products and services
that could be perceived by customers as superior to ours. We spend considerable resources on technology research and development, but our research and
development resources are more limited than many of our competitors. Our failure to introduce new or enhanced products on a timely basis, to keep pace with
rapid industry, technological or market changes or to gain customer acceptance for our new and existing products and services, such as mobile device data
protection, could have a material adverse effect on our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
We face strong competition, which could negatively affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid change and converging technologies and are very competitive. With rising demand for
private and secure email communications, there is strong competition for email encryption products and services. Our Email Encryption and data loss
prevention business competes with products and services offered by companies such as Microsoft, Barracuda Networks, Inc., Proofpoint, Virtru, HP (Voltage),
and Sophos Inc. Our ZixOne business completes with products and services offered by companies such as AirWatch/VMWare, Citrix (with XenMobile),
Blackberry, IBM/Fiberlink (with MaaS3 60), Microsoft (with ActiveSync), and MobileIron. Strong competition requires us to develop new technology
solutions and service offerings to expand the functionality and value that we offer to our customers. Many of our competitors bundle their competing
products and services with products and services that we do not offer, which could make our offerings less attractive by comparison. As a result of the
bundling by these competitors, it can be difﬁcult for our customers to compare the cost of our offerings with competing offerings. In some instances,
competing products and services may seem to be offered by our competitors at little to no additional cost to the customer. In addition, our competitors may
develop products and services that are perceived by customers as equivalent to, or having advantages over, our products and services. Competitors could
capture a signiﬁcant share in our markets, causing our sales and revenue to decline or grow more slowly. Barriers to entry are relatively low, and new ventures
are often formed that create products competitive with our products. Competitive pressures could lead to price discounting or to increases in expenses such as
advertising and marketing costs. Increased competition could also decrease demand for our products and services. Competition could reduce our revenues
and net income and materially adversely affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
Industry consolidation may lead to increased competition and may harm our operating results.
There has been a trend toward industry consolidation in our industry for several years. We expect this trend to continue as companies attempt to
strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving industry and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue operations. For example, some of
our current and potential competitors have made acquisitions, or announced new strategic alliances. Companies that are strategic alliance partners in some
areas of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their business with us. We believe that industry consolidation may
result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. This could have a material adverse effect on our business,
ﬁnancial condition and ﬁnancial results.
Some competitors have advantages that may allow them to compete more effectively than us, which could negatively affect our business, ﬁnancial
condition and ﬁnancial results.
Some of our competitors have longer operating histories, more extensive operations, greater name recognition, larger technical staffs, bigger product
development and acquisition budgets, established relationships with more distributors and hardware vendors,
10