Research and Development
We incurred research and development expenses of $9.6 million, $8.3 million, and $9.1 million for the twelve-month periods ended December 31,
2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.
Over the course of 2016 we continued to make investments toward strengthening and expanding our service portfolio. We added new external sender
capabilities, web authorization options, access security features and STEM (Security Information and Event Monitoring) data feeds to ZixPort and invested in
capacity and performance enhancements across our core suite of hosted services. We also migrated the Cisco SMIME and PGP capabilities from their legacy
code base into our ZCT (ZixGateway with Cisco Technology) and enhanced the foreign language handling capabilities of that system. ZixOne was upgraded
to align with the iPhone and Android evolutions and beneﬁted from a number of stability enhancements.
On the ZixHosted front, we advanced deployment and upgrade automation capabilities for ZixGateway cloud instances and added ZixQuarantine
ﬁmctionality into our SMB (Small and Medium Business) product environment. We laid the foundation for better feature alignment between our premises
and hosted ZixGateways, which will be leveraged as we move into 2017.
The following are registered trademarks of ours and certain of our subsidiaries: “Zix,” “ZixGateway,” “ZixDirectory,” “ZixIt”, and “ZixPort,”.
Intellectual Property
We depend upon our ability to develop, maintain and protect our proprietary technology and our related intellectual property rights. We rely on a
combination of patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright law and contractual restrictions to protect the proprietary aspects of our technology and related
property rights and to defend against inﬁingement and/ or misappropriation claims from others. We own 26 U.S. patents (including U.S. pending patents) with
expiration dates ranging from 2019 through 2036. We have a program to ﬁle applications for and obtain patents and trademarks in the United States and in
speciﬁc foreign countries where we believe ﬁling for such protection is appropriate. While intellectual property rights are generally important to our
business, we do not believe that our business is dependent on any single item of intellectual property, or that any single item of intellectual property is
material to the operation of our business. Rather, we believe that our intellectual property rights provide us with a competitive advantage, and from time to
time we have taken steps to enforce our intellectual property rights as a means of protecting that competitive advantage.
Please see generally the risks that are more fully disclosed in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for risks related to our intellectual property.
Compliance with Environmental Regulations
We have not incurred, and do not expect to incur, any material expenditures or obligations related to environmental compliance issues.
Governmental Contracts
We have contracts with many local, state and federal agencies and regulators, which in the aggregate contribute approximately 7 percent of our annual
revenue.
Signiﬁcant Customers
In each of 20 1 6, 2015, and 2014, no single customer accounted for 10% or more of our total revenues.
Backlog
Our backlog is comprised of contractual commitments that we expect to recognize as revenue in the ﬁiture. Our backlog was $81.7 million at
December 31, 2016, compared to $74.2 million at December 31, 2015.
As of December 31, 2016, our backlog is comprised of the following elements: $27.2 million of deferred revenue that has been billed and paid, $7.1
million billed but unpaid, and approximately $47.4 million of unbilled contracts.
The backlog is recognized into revenue ratably as the services are performed. Approximately 57% of our total backlog at December 31, 2016, is
expected to be recognized as revenue during 2017.
6