The Company currently has been tracking $3.6 million of excess tax beneﬁts that were not previously recognized, as required by existing GAAP,
because the related tax deduction did not reduce current taxes payable. Upon adoption of the new standard beginning in year 2017, these beneﬁts will be
recorded on a modiﬁed retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings. Avaluation allowance will also be recognized as a
part of the cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
We do not believe that we face exposure to material market risk with respect to our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash investments, which
totaled $26.5 and $28.7 million at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We held no marketable securities and no debt as of December 31, 2016 and
2015.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The information required by this Item 8 begins on page F—l of this Annual Report on Form lO-K.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedure
In accordance with Rule l3a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 1 0-K, management
evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive ofﬁcer and principal ﬁnancial ofﬁcer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of the
Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as deﬁned in Rule l3a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on their evaluation of these disclosure controls
and procedures, they have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the date of such evaluation.
Certiﬁcations of our principal executive ofﬁcer and our principal accounting ofﬁcer, which are required in accordance with Rule l3a- 14 of the
Exchange Act, are attached as exhibits to this Annual Report. This “Controls and Procedures” section includes the information concerning controls
evaluation referred to in the certiﬁcations, and it should be read in conjunction with the certiﬁcations for a more complete understanding of the topics
presented.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, as such term is deﬁned in Exchange
Act Rule l3a—15(f). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016. In making this assessment,
management used the criteria set forth in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in “Internal Control—
Integrated Framework”. Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2016, our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting
was effective based on those criteria.
The effectiveness of our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, has been audited by Whitley Penn LLP, an independent
registered public accounting ﬁrm, as stated in their report which is included herein.
Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting
During the three months ended December 31, 2016, there have been no changes in our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting identiﬁed in
connection with the evaluation described above that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting.
27