IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
- the fees advertisers are willing to pay based on how they manage their advertising costs;
- changes in advertising quality or formats;
- changes in device mix;
- trafﬁc growth in emerging markets compared to more mature markets and across various advertising verticals
and channels;
- a shift in the proportion of non-click based revenue generated on Google properties and Google Network
Members' properties, including an increase in programmatic and reservation based advertising buying; and
- general economic conditions.
Our advertising revenue growth rate has fluctuated overtime as a result of a number of factors, including increasing
competition, query growth rates, challenges in maintaining our growth rate as our revenues increase to higher levels,
the evolution of the online advertising market, our investments in new business strategies, changes in our product
mix, and shifts in the geographic mix of our revenues. We also expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to be
affected by evolving user preferences, the acceptance by users of our products and services as they are delivered on
diverse devices, our ability to create a seamless experience for both users and advertisers, and movements in foreign
currency exchange rates.
Google properties
The following table presents our Google properties revenues (in millions), and changes in our paid clicks and
cost-per—click (expressed as a percentage) for the periods presented:
Year Ended December 31,
2014 H 2015 H 2016
[Google properties $ 45,085 $ 52,357 $ 63,785 i
Google properties as a percentage of Google segment revenues 68.6% 70.2 % 71.3 %
[Paid clicks change 33 % 40 %}
Cost-per—click change (15)% (13)%
Google properties revenues consist primarily of advertising revenue that is generated on:
- Google search properties. This includes revenue from trafﬁc generated by search distribution partners who
use Google.com as their default search in browsers, toolbars, etc.;
- Other Google owned and operated properties like Gmail, Maps, and Google Play; and
- YouTube, including but not limited to, YouTube TrueView and Google Preferred.
Our Google properties revenues increased $11,428 million from 2015 to 2016 and also increased as a percentage
of Google segment revenues. The growth was primarily driven by increases in mobile search most notably due to
ongoing improvements in ad formats and delivery launched during 2016. We also experienced growth in YouTube
revenue driven primarily by video advertising across TrueView with a growing contribution from ad buying on
DoubleClick Bid Manager, as well as improvements in ad formats and delivery. The growth was partially offset by the
general strengthening of the US. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
The number of paid clicks through our advertising programs on Google properties increased from 2015 to 2016
due to growth in the adoption of YouTube engagement ads, improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery,
and continued global expansion of our products, advertisers and user base across all platforms, particularly mobile.
The positive impact on our revenues from paid clicks was partially offset by a decrease in the cost-per—click paid by
our advertisers. The decrease in cost-per-click was primarily driven by continued growth in YouTube engagement ads
where cost-per—click remains lower than on our other advertising platforms, and also impacted by changes in device
mix, property mix, product mix, geographic mix, and ongoing product changes, and the general strengthening of the
U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
Our Google properties revenues increased $7,272 million from 2014 to 2015 and also increased as a percentage
of Google segment revenues. Our Google properties revenue growth was primarily driven by increases in mobile
search due to ongoing improvements in ad formats, as well as growth in YouTube video advertising across TrueView
and Google Preferred, partially offset by the general strengthening of the US. dollar compared to certain foreign
currencies.
The number of paid clicks through our advertising programs on Google properties increased from 2014 to 2015
due to an increase in aggregate trafﬁc on Google owned properties, the adoption of advertising formats such as
YouTube engagement ads, and continued global expansion of our products, advertisers, and user base across all
platforms, particularly mobile. The positive impact on our revenues from paid clicks was partially offset by a decrease
25