IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
ago. We used to showjust ten blue links in our results, which you had to click through to ﬁnd your answers. Now we
are increasingly able to provide direct answers -- even if you're speaking your question using Voice Search -- which
makes it quicker, easier and more natural to ﬁnd what you're looking for. We also introduced the Google Assistant,
which allows you to type or talk with Google in a natural conversational way to help you get things done. Over time,
we have also added other services that let you access information quickly and easily -- like Google Maps, which helps
you navigate to a store while showing you current traffic conditions, or Google Photos, which helps you store and
organize all of your photos.
This drive to make information more accessible has led us over the years to improve the discovery and creation
of digital content, on the web and through platforms like Google Play and YouTube. And with the migration to mobile,
people are consuming more digital content by watching more videos, playing more games, listening to more music,
reading more books, and using more apps than ever before.
Fueling all of these great digital experiences are powerful platforms and hardware. That’s why we continue to
invest in platforms like our Chrome browser, Android mobile operating system, Chrome operating system, and
Daydream virtual reality platform, as well as a new family of great hardware devices like the Pixel phone and Google
Home.
Google was a company built in the cloud and has been investing in infrastructure, data management, analytics,
and Al from the very beginning. We’ve taken those long-term investments and offer many of the same cloud services
to our enterprise customers. Because more and more of today’s great digital experiences are being built in the cloud,
our enterprise cloud products help businesses of all sizes take advantage of the latest technology advances to operate
more efﬁciently.
How we make money
The goal of our advertising business is to deliver relevant ads at just the right time and to give people useful
commercial information, regardless of the device they’re using. We also provide advertisers with tools that help them
better attribute and measure their advertising campaigns across screens. Our advertising solutions help millions of
companies grow their businesses, and we offer a wide range of products across screens and devices. We generate
revenues primarily by delivering both performance advertising and brand advertising.
- Performance advertising creates and delivers relevant ads that users will click on, leading to direct
engagement with advertisers. Most of our performance advertisers pay us when a user engages in their ads.
Performance advertising lets our advertisers connect with users while driving measurable results.
For performance advertisers, AdWords, our primary auction-based advertising program, helps create simple
text-based ads that appear on Google properties and the properties of Google Network Members. In addition,
Google Network Members use our AdSense program to display relevant ads on their properties, generating
revenues when site visitors view or click on the ads. We continue to invest in our advertising programs and
make signiﬁcant upgrades.
- Brand advertising helps enhance users' awareness of and affinity with advertisers' products and services,
through videos, text, images, and other interactive ads that run across various devices. We help brand
advertisers deliver digital videos and other types of ads to speciﬁc audiences fortheir brand-building marketing
campaigns.
We have built a world-class ad technology platform for brand advertisers, agencies, and publishers to power
their digital marketing businesses. We aim to ensure great user experiences by serving the right ads at the
right time and by building deep partnerships with brands and agencies. We also seek to improve the
measurability of brand advertising so advertisers know when their campaigns are effective.
Furthermore, we have invested signiﬁcantly in programmatic advertising to help advertisers reach users when
and where it matters through automated ad buying, giving them access to top-tier inventory across screens and formats,
as well as the real-time insights that advertisers need to make their buys count.
We have allocated substantial resources to stopping bad advertising practices and protecting users on the web.
We focus on creating the best advertising experiences for our users and advertisers in many ways, ranging from
removing hundreds of millions of bad ads from our systems every year to closely monitoring the sites and apps that
show our ads and blacklisting them when necessary to ensure that our ads do not fund bad content.
Beyond our advertising business, we also generate revenues in emerging areas, such as digital content, cloud
services, and hardware.
4