IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
our business, consolidated ﬁnancial position, results of operations, or cash ﬂows. However, the outcome of such legal
matters is inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties.
We expense legal fees in the period in which they are incurred.
Indirect Taxes
We are under audit by various domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards to indirect tax matters. The subject
matter of indirect tax audits primarily arises from disputes on the tax treatment and tax rate applied to the sale of our
products and services in these jurisdictions. We accrue indirect taxes that may result from examinations by, or any
negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. For certain
matters, while the loss is reasonably possible, the loss or range of loss cannot be estimated. We believe these matters
are without merit and are defending ourselves vigorously. Due to the inherent complexity and uncertainty of these
matters and judicial process in certainjurisdictions, the final outcome may be materially different from our expectations.
For information regarding income tax contingencies, see Note 14.
Note 11. Net Income Per Share
We compute net income per share of Class A and Class B common stock and Class C capital stock using the
two-class method. Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of common shares
outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of
common shares and the effect of potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive
securities consist of stock options, restricted stock units, and other contingently issuable shares. The dilutive effect of
outstanding stock options, restricted stock units, and other contingently issuable shares is reﬂected in diluted earnings
per share by application of the treasury stock method. The computation of the diluted net income per share of Class A
common stock assumes the conversion of Class B common stock, while the diluted net income per share of Class B
common stock does not assume the conversion of those shares.
The rights, including the liquidation and dividend rights, of the holders of our Class A and Class B common stock
and Class C capital stock are identical, except with respect to voting. Further, there are a number of safeguards built
into our certiﬁcate of incorporation, as well as Delaware law, which preclude our board of directors from declaring or
paying unequal per share dividends on our Class Aand Class B common stock and Class C capital stock. Specifically,
Delaware law provides that amendments to our certificate of incorporation which would have the effect of adversely
altering the rights, powers, or preferences of a given class of stock must be approved by the class of stock adversely
affected by the proposed amendment. In addition, our certiﬁcate of incorporation provides that before any such
amendment may be put to a stockholder vote, it must be approved by the unanimous consent of our board of directors.
As a result, the undistributed earnings for each year are allocated based on the contractual participation rights of the
Class A and Class B common shares and Class C capital stock as if the earnings for the year had been distributed.
As the liquidation and dividend rights are identical, the undistributed earnings are allocated on a proportionate basis.
The net income per share amounts are the same for Class A and Class B common stock and Class C capital stock
because the holders of each class are legally entitled to equal per share distributions whether through dividends or in
liquidation. Further, as we assume the conversion of Class B common stock in the computation of the diluted net
income per share of Class A common stock, the undistributed earnings are equal to net income for that computation.
In the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2016, the net income per share amounts are the same for Class A
and Class B common stock and Class C capital stock because the holders of each class are entitled to equal per share
dividends or distributions in liquidation in accordance with the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
Alphabet Inc.
In the year ended December 31, 2015, the Class C Adjustment Payment was allocated to the numerator for
calculating net income per share of Class C capital stock from net income available to all stockholders and the remaining
undistributed earnings were allocated on a pro rata basis to Class A and Class B common stock and Class C capital
stock based on the number of shares used in the per share computation for each class of stock. The weighted-average
share impact of the Class C Adjustment Payment is included in the denominator of both basic and diluted net income
per share computations for the year ended December 31 , 2015.
The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share of Class A and Class B
common stock and Class C capital stock (in millions, except share amounts which are reﬂected in thousands and per
share amounts):
71