IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
Our business depends on strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our
ability to expand our base of users, advertisers, Google Network Members, and other partners.
Our strong brands have signiﬁcantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the
brands of both Google and Other Bets increases our ability to enter new categories and launch new and innovative
products that better serve the needs of our users. Our brands may be negatively impacted by a number of factors,
including, among others, reputational issues and product/technical performance failures. Further, if we fail to maintain
and enhance equity in the Google brand, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be materially
and adversely affected. Maintaining and enhancing our brands will depend largely on our ability to remain a technology
leader and continue to provide high-quality, innovative products and services that are truly useful and play a meaningful
role in people’s everyday lives.
We face a number of manufacturing and supply chain risks that, if not properly managed, could adversely
impact our financial results and prospects.
We face a number of risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management. We may enter into long term
contracts that commit us to signiﬁcant terms and conditions of supply. We may be liable for material and product that
is not consumed due to market acceptance, technological change, obsolescences, quality, product recalls, and warranty
issues. For instance, the products we sell may have quality issues resulting from the design or manufacture of the
product, orfrom the software used in the product. Sometimes, these issues may be caused by components we purchase
from other manufacturers or suppliers. If the quality of our products does not meet our customers' expectations or our
products are found to be defective, then our sales and operating earnings, and ultimately our reputation, could be
negatively impacted.
We rely on third parties to manufacture many of our assemblies and finished products, and we have third-party
arrangements for the design of some components and parts. Our business could be negatively affected if we are not
able to engage third parties with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms, or if those we engage
fail to meet their obligations (whether due to ﬁnancial difﬁculties or other reasons), or make adverse changes in the
pricing or other material terms of our arrangements with them.
We have in the past, and may experience in the future, supply shortages and price increases driven by raw
material availability, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, industry allocations, natural disasters and signiﬁcant
changes in the ﬁnancial or business condition of our suppliers. We may experience shortages or other supply chain
disruptions in the future that could negatively impact our operations. In addition, some of the components we use in
our products are available only from a single source or limited sources, and we may not be able to find replacement
vendors on favorable terms or at all in the event of a supply chain disruption.
Additionally, because many of our supply contracts have volume-based pricing or minimum purchase
requirements, if the volume of our hardware sales decreases or does not reach projected targets, we could face
increased materials and manufacturing costs or other ﬁnancial liabilities that could make our products more costly per
unit to manufacture and therefore less competitive and negatively impact our ﬁnancial results. Further, certain of our
competitors may negotiate more favorable contractual terms based on volume and other commitments that may provide
them with competitive advantages and may impact our supply.
We also require our suppliers and business partners to comply with law and company policies regarding workplace
and employment practices, data security, environmental compliance and intellectual property licensing, but we do not
control them or their practices. If any of them violates laws or implements practices regarded as unethical, we could
experience supply chain disruptions, canceled orders, terminations of or damage to key relationships, and damage to
our reputation. If any of them fails to procure necessary license rights to third-party intellectual property, legal action
could ensue that could impact the saleability of our products and expose us to financial obligations to third parties.
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act includes disclosure requirements regarding
the use of certain minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries (DRC) and procedures
pertaining to a manufacturer's efforts regarding the source of such minerals. SEC rules implementing these
requirements may have the effect of reducing the pool of suppliers who can supply DRC “conflict free” components
and parts, and we may not be able to obtain DRC conﬂict free products or supplies in sufﬁcient quantities for our
operations. Since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational challenges with our customers, stockholders
and other stakeholders if we are unable to sufﬁciently verify the origins for the minerals used in our products.
Web spam and content farms could decrease our search quality, which could damage our reputation and
deter our current and potential users from using our products and services.
“Web spam” refers to websites that attempt to violate a search engine's quality guidelines or that otherwise seek
to rank higher in search results than a search engine's assessment of their relevance and utility would rank them.
13