IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Overview
As our founders Larry and Sergey wrote in the original founders' letter, "Google is not a conventional company.
We do not intend to become one." That unconventional spirit has been a driving force throughout our history -- inspiring
us to do things like rethink the mobile device ecosystem with Android and map the world with Google Maps. As part
of that, our founders also explained that you could expect us to make "smaller bets in areas that might seem very
speculative or even strange when compared to our current businesses." From the start, the company has always
strived to do more, and to do important and meaningful things with the resources we have.
Alphabet is a collection of businesses -- the largest of which, of course, is Google. It also includes businesses
that are generally pretty far aﬁeld of our main Internet products such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily,
Waymo, and X. We report all non-Google businesses collectively as Other Bets. OurAlphabet structure is about helping
each of our businesses prosper through strong leaders and independence.
Access and technology for everyone
The Internet is one of the world’s most powerful equalizers, and we see it as ourjob to make it available to as
many people as possible. At its core, Google has always been an information company. We believe that technology
is a democratizing force, empowering people through information. We are helping people get online by tailoring
hardware and software experiences that suit the needs of emerging markets, primarily through Android and Chrome.
We're also making sure our core Google products are fast and useful, especially for users in areas where speed and
connectivity are central concerns. Other Alphabet companies are also pursuing initiatives with similar goals.
Moonshots
Many companies get comfortable doing what they have always done, making only incremental changes. This
incrementalism leads to irrelevance over time, especially in technology, where change tends to be revolutionary, not
evolutionary. People thought we were crazy when we acquired YouTube and Android and when we launched Chrome,
but those efforts have matured into major platforms for digital video and mobile devices and a safer, popular browser.
We continue to look toward the future and continue to invest for the long-term. We won't become complacent, relying
solely on small tweaks. As we said in the original founders' letter, we will not shy away from high-risk, high-reward
projects that we believe in because they are the key to our long-term success.
The power of machine learning
Across the company, machine learning and artiﬁcial intelligence (Al) are increasingly driving many of our latest
innovations. Within Google, our investments in machine learning over a decade are what have enabled us to build
Google products that get better over time, making them smarter and more useful -- it's what allows you to use your
voice to search for information, to translate the web from one language to another, to see better YouTube
recommendations, and to search for people and events that are important to you in Google Photos. Machine learning
is also showing great promise in helping us tackle big issues, like dramatically improving the energy efﬁciency of our
data centers. Across Other Bets, machine learning helps self-driving cars better detect and respond to others on the
road, and can also aid clinicians in detecting diabetic retinopathy.
Google
Serving our users
We have always been a company committed to making big bets that have the potential to improve the lives of
millions of people. As the majority of Alphabet’s big bets continue to reside within Google, an important benefit of the
shift to Alphabet has been the tremendous focus that we’re able to have on Google’s many extraordinary opportunities.
Our innovations in areas like search and advertising have made our services widely used, and our brand one of the
most recognized in the world. We generate revenues primarily by delivering online advertising that consumers ﬁnd
relevant and that advertisers find cost-effective.
Google's core products such as Search, Android, Maps, Chrome, YouTube, Google Play, and Gmail each have
over one billion monthly active users. But most important, we believe we are just beginning to scratch the surface. Our
vision is to remain a place of incredible creativity and innovation that uses ourtechnical expertise to tackle big problems.
Google’s mission to organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful has always
been our North Star, and our products have come a long way since the company was founded nearly two decades
3