IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
as further discussed later, that exposes us to the risk of exclusion and cease and desist orders, which could limit our
ability to sell products and services.
Such claims, suits, and government investigations are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted
with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, any of these types of legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us
because of legal costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. Determining reserves for our pending
litigation is a complex, fact-intensive process that requires significant judgment. It is possible that a resolution of one
or more such proceedings could result in substantial ﬁnes and penalties that could adversely affect our business,
consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows in a particular period. These proceedings could
also result in reputational harm, criminal sanctions, consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering certain
features, functionalities, products, or services, requiring a change in our business practices or product recalls or
corrections, or requiring development of non-infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies. Any of these
consequences could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
We may be subject to legal liability associated with providing online services or content.
We host and provide a wide variety of services and products that enable users to exchange information, advertise
products and services, conduct business, and engage in various online activities both domestically and internationally.
The law relating to the liability of providers of these online services and products for activities of their users is still
somewhat unsettled both within the U.S. and internationally. Claims have been threatened and have been brought
against us for defamation, negligence, breaches of contract, copyright or trademark infringement, unfair competition,
unlawful activity, tort, including personal injury, fraud, or other theories based on the nature and content of information
that we publish orto which we provide links orthat may be posted online or generated by us or by third parties, including
our users. In addition, we are and have been and may again in the future be subject to domestic or international actions
alleging that certain content we have generated or third-party content that we have made available within our services
violates U.S. and non-U.S. law.
We also place advertisements which are displayed on third-party publishers and advertising networks properties,
and we offer third-party products, services, or content. We may be subject to claims concerning these products,
services, or content by virtue of our involvement in marketing, branding, broadcasting, or providing access to them,
even if we do not ourselves host, operate, provide, or provide access to these products, services, or content. Defense
of any such actions could be costly and involve signiﬁcant time and attention of our management and other resources,
may result in monetary liabilities or penalties, and may require us to change our business in an adverse manner.
Privacy concerns relating to our technology could damage our reputation and deter current and potential
users from using our products and services.
From time to time, concerns have been expressed about whether our products, services, or processes compromise
the privacy of users and others. Concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security
of personal information or other privacy related matters, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and adversely
affect our operating results.
In addition, as nearly all of our products and services are web-based, the amount of data we store for our users
on our servers (including personal information) has been increasing. Any systems failure or compromise of our security
that results in the release of our users’ data could seriously harm our reputation and brand and, therefore, our business,
and impair our ability to attract and retain users. We expect to continue to expend significant resources to create world-
class security protections that shield against theft and security breaches. The risk that these types of events could
seriously harm our business is likely to increase as we expand the number of web-based products and services we
offer and operate in more countries, and as cyber attacks by third parties become more sophisticated and targeted.
Regulatory authorities around the world are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals
concerning data protection, including measures to ensure that our encryption of users’ data does not hinder law
enforcement agencies’ access to that data. In addition, the interpretation and application of consumer and data
protection laws in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and in flux. It is possible that these laws may
be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. If so, in addition to the possibility
of ﬁnes, this could result in an order requiring that we change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect
on our business and results of operations. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs
or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business.
Recent legal developments in Europe have created compliance uncertainty regarding certain transfers of
information from Europe to the U.S. For example, the European Union and U.S. Privacy Shield framework was designed
to allow for legal certainty regarding transfers of data. However, the agreement itself faces a number of legal challenges
10