IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
Business Combinations
We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and
intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration
over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. When determining the fair values
of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, management makes significant estimates and assumptions, especially with
respect to intangible assets.
Critical estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include but are not limited to future expected cash ﬂows
from customer relationships and acquired patents and developed technology and discount rates. Management’s
estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and
unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates.
Other estimates associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change as additional information becomes
available regarding the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as more fully discussed in Note 6 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Goodwill
Goodwill is allocated to reporting units expected to beneﬁt from the business combination. We evaluate our
reporting units when changes in our operating structure occur, and if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair
value allocation approach. We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level at least annually, or more frequently
if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. Goodwill impairment tests require
judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment
of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit.
Long-lived Assets
Long-lived assets, including property and equipment, long-term prepayments, and intangible assets, excluding
goodwill, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of an asset may not be recoverable. The evaluation is performed atthe lowest level of identiﬁable cash flows independent
of other assets. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows generated
from the assets are less than their carrying amount. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess
of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value.
Impairment of Marketable and Non-Marketable Securities
We periodically review our marketable and non-marketable securities for impairment. If we conclude that any of
these investments are impaired, we determine whether such impairment is other-than-temporary. Factors we consider
to make such determination include the duration and severity of the impairment, the reason for the decline in value
and the potential recovery period and our intent to sell. For marketable debt securities, we also consider whether (1)
it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, and
(2) the amortized cost basis cannot be recovered as a result of credit losses. If any impairment is considered other-
than-temporary, we will write down the asset to its fair value and record the corresponding charge as other income
(expense), net.
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
We are exposed to ﬁnancial market risks, including changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates.
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
We transact business globally in multiple currencies. Our international revenues, as well as costs and expenses
denominated in foreign currencies, expose us to the risk of ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the
US. dollar. We are a net receiver of foreign currencies and therefore benefit from a weakening of the US. dollar and
are adversely affected by a strengthening of the US. dollar relative to the foreign currency. As of December 31, 2016,
our most signiﬁcant currency exposures are the British pound, Euro, and Japanese yen.
In the fourth quarter of 2016, we began using foreign exchange fonNard contracts in addition to the existing
foreign exchange option contracts, to protect our forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent earnings from changes in foreign
currency exchange rates. When the US. dollar strengthens, gains from foreign currency options and forwards
reduce the foreign currency losses related to our earnings. When the US. dollar weakens, losses from foreign
currency fonNards offset the foreign currency gains related to our earnings. These hedging contracts reduce, but do
not entirely eliminate, the impact of currency exchange rate movements. We designate these contracts as cash flow
hedges for accounting purposes. We record spot-to-spot foreign currency exchange rate changes of these
37