IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Alphabet Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Alphabet Inc. as of December 31, 2015 and
2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash ﬂows
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016. Our audits also included the ﬁnancial statement
schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)2. These ﬁnancial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the
Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these ﬁnancial statements and schedule based
on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the ﬁnancial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the ﬁnancial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall ﬁnancial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the ﬁnancial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
ﬁnancial position of Alphabet Inc. at December 31, 2015 and 2016, and the consolidated results of its operations and
its cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with US. generally
accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in
relation to the basic ﬁnancial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set
forth therein.
As discussed in Notes 1 and 14 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, the Company changed its method of
accounting for share-based payments to employees as a result of the adoption of the amendments to the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification resulting from Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09, "Improvements to
Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting," effective January 1, 2016.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States), Alphabet lnc.’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 2, 2017 expressed an unqualiﬁed opinion
thereon.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
San Jose, California
February 2, 2017
40