IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
and is subject to annual review. This has resulted in some uncertainty, and compliance obligations could cause us to
incur costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business.
If our security measures are breached resulting in the improper use and disclosure of user data, or if our
services are subject to attacks that degrade or deny the ability of users to access our products and services,
our products and services may be perceived as not being secure, users and customers may curtail or stop
using our products and services, and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure.
Our products and services involve the storage and transmission of users’ and customers’ proprietary information,
and theft and security breaches expose us to a risk of loss of this information, improper use and disclosure of such
information, litigation, and potential liability. We experience cyber attacks of varying degrees on a regular basis. Our
security measures may also be breached due to employee error, malfeasance, system errors or vulnerabilities, including
vulnerabilities of our vendors, or otherwise. Such breach or unauthorized access, increased government surveillance,
or attempts by outside parties to fraudulently induce employees, users, or customers to disclose sensitive information
in orderto gain access to our data or our users’ or customers’ data could result in signiﬁcant legal and financial exposure,
damage to our reputation, and a loss of conﬁdence in the security of our products and services that could potentially
have an adverse effect on our business. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or
degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target,
we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or
perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be
harmed and we could lose users and customers.
We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property or other claims, which are costly to
defend, could result in significant damage awards, and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in
the future.
Internet, technology, media, and other companies own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and
trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual
property rights. In addition, patent holding companies may continue to seek to monetize patents they have purchased
or otherwise obtained. As we have grown, the intellectual property rights claims against us have increased and may
continue to increase as we develop new products, services, and technologies.
We have had patent, copyright, and trademark infringement lawsuits ﬁled against us claiming that certain of our
products, services, and technologies infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Third parties have also sought
broad injunctive relief against us by ﬁling claims in US. and international courts and the U.S. International Trade
Commission (ITC) for exclusion and cease and desist orders, which could limit our ability to sell our products or services
in the U.S. or elsewhere if our products or services or those of our customers or suppliers are found to infringe the
intellectual property subject to the claims. Adverse results in any of these lawsuits may include awards of substantial
monetary damages, costly royalty or licensing agreements (if licenses are available at all), or orders preventing us
from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services, and may also cause us to change our business
practices, and require development of non-infringing products ortechnologies, which could result in a loss of revenues
for us and othenNise harm our business.
Many of our agreements with our customers and partners, including certain suppliers, require us to indemnify
them for certain intellectual property infringement claims against them, which could increase our costs as a result of
defending such claims, and may require that we pay signiﬁcant damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such
claims. Such customers and partners may also discontinue the use of our products, services, and technologies, as a
result of injunctions or otherwise, which could result in loss of revenues and adversely impact our business. Moreover,
intellectual property indemnities provided to us by our suppliers, when obtainable, may not cover all damages and
losses suffered by us and our customers from covered products. Furthermore, in connection with our divestitures, we
have agreed, and may in the future agree, to provide indemniﬁcation for certain potential liabilities.
Regardless of the merits of the claims, intellectual property claims are often time consuming, expensive to litigate
or settle, and cause signiﬁcant diversion of management attention. To the extent such intellectual property infringement
claims are successful, they may have an adverse effect on our business, consolidated ﬁnancial position, results of
operations, or cash flows.
Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of
our products, services, and brand.
Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets for
us. Various events outside of our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights, as well as to our products,
services and technologies. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country
11