IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
Culture and Employees
We take great pride in our culture. We embrace collaboration and creativity, and encourage the iteration of ideas
to address complex technical challenges. Transparency and open dialogue are central to how we work, and we like
to ensure that company news reaches our employees first through internal channels.
Despite our rapid growth, we still cherish our roots as a startup and wherever possible empower employees to
act on great ideas regardless of their role or function within the company. We strive to hire great employees, with
backgrounds and perspectives as diverse as those of our global users. We work to provide an environment where
these talented people can have fulﬁlling careers addressing some of the biggest challenges in technology and society.
Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue
investing in hiring talented employees and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. As of
December 31, 2016, we had 72,053 full-time employees: 27,169 in research and development, 20,902 in sales and
marketing, 14,287 in operations, and 9,695 in general and administrative functions. Although we have work councils
and statutory employee representation obligations in certain countries, our US. employees are not represented by a
labor union. Competition for qualiﬁed personnel in our industry is intense, particularly for software engineers, computer
scientists, and other technical staff.
Seasonality
Our business is affected by seasonal ﬂuctuations in Internet usage, advertising expenditures, and underlying
business trends such as traditional retail seasonality (e.g., commercial queries typically increase in the fourth quarter
of each year).
Other Items
Climate change is one of the most signiﬁcant global challenges of our time, and we’ve long been committed to
improving our energy consumption. In 2012, we set a long term goal to reach 100% renewable energy for our operations,
and we expect to achieve that goal in 2017.
We continue to invest in our existing products and services as well as developing new products and services
through research and product development. We often release early-stage products. We then use data and user
feedback to decide if and how to invest further in those products. Research and development expenses include the
vast majority of engineering and technical headcount responsible for research and development of our existing and
new products and services, as well as their associated costs. For more information please refer to the Consolidated
Statements of Income included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
For information about segments and geographic areas, please refer to Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
As part of the Alphabet reorganization, we expect to convert Google Inc. into a limited liability company.
Available Information
Our website is located at www.abc.xyz, and our investor relations website is located at www.abc.xyz/investor.
Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and our Proxy Statements are available through
our investor relations website, free of charge, after we ﬁle them with the SEC. We also provide a link to the section of
the SEC's website at www.sec.gov that has all of the reports that we ﬁle or furnish with the SEC. You may read and
copy any materials we ﬁle with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC.
20549. You can get information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.
We webcast via our investor relations website our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with
members of the investment community. Our investor relations website also provides notifications of news or
announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings
releases, and blogs. Further corporate governance information, including our certificate of incorporation, bylaws,
governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of conduct, is also available on our investor relations
website under the heading "Other." The content of our websites are not incorporated by reference into this Annual
Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we ﬁle with the SEC, and any references to our websites are
intended to be inactive textual references only.
6