IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
based compensation using the straight-line method overthe requisite service period. With the adoption ofASU 2016-09
on January 1, 2016, we account for forfeitures as they occur.
For RSUs, shares are issued on the vesting dates net of the minimum statutory tax withholding to be paid by us
on behalf of our employees. As a result, the actual number of shares issued will be fewer than the actual number of
RSUs outstanding. We record a liability for withholding amounts to be paid by us primarily as a reduction to additional
paid-in capital.
Certain Risks and Concentrations
Our revenues are primarily derived from online advertising, the market for which is highly competitive and rapidly
changing. In addition, our revenues are generated from a multitude of vertical market segments in countries around
the world. Significant changes in this industry or changes in customer buying or advertiser spending behavior could
adversely affect our operating results.
We are subject to concentrations of credit risk principally from cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities,
foreign exchange contracts, and accounts receivable. Cash equivalents and marketable securities consist primarily
of time deposits, money market and otherfunds, highly liquid debt instruments ofthe U.S. government and its agencies,
debt instruments issued by foreign governments, debt instruments issued by municipalities in the US, corporate debt
securities, agency mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities. Foreign exchange contracts are
transacted with various financial institutions with high credit standing. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and
are derived from revenues earned from customers located around the world. In 2014, 2015, and 2016, we generated
approximately 45%, 46%, and 47% of our revenues from customers based in the US, with the majority of revenues
from customers outside of the U.S. located in Europe and Japan. We perform ongoing evaluations to determine
customer credit and we limit the amount of credit we extend, but generally we do not require collateral from our
customers. We maintain reserves for estimated credit losses and these losses have generally been within our
expectations.
No individual customer or groups of affiliated customers represented more than 10% of our revenues in 2014,
2015, or 2016.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Our financial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities including cash equivalents, marketable securities, foreign currency
and interest rate derivative contracts, and non-marketable debt securities are measured and recorded at fair value on
a recurring basis. We measure certain financial assets at fair value for disclosure purposes, as well as on a nonrecurring
basis when they are deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired. Our other current financial assets and our other
current ﬁnancial liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying value.
Fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that
is determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability. Assets and
liabilities recorded at fair value are measured and classified in accordance with a three-tier fair value hierarchy based
on the observability of the inputs available in the market used to measure fair value:
Level 1 - Observable inputs that reﬂect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active
markets.
Level 2 - Include other inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted
prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques
for which all signiﬁcant inputs are observable in the market or can be derived from observable market data. Where
applicable, these models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a present value using
market-based observable inputs including interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and credit ratings.
Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activities.
The fair value hierarchy requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.
Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities
We invest all excess cash primarily in debt securities including those of the U.S. government and its agencies,
corporate debt securities, agency mortgage-backed securities, money market and other funds, municipal securities,
time deposits, asset backed securities, and debt instruments issued by foreign governments.
49