IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
- Our stockholders may not act by written consent. As a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our
capital stock would not be able to take certain actions without holding a stockholders' meeting.
- Our certiﬁcate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors. This limits the ability of
minority stockholders to elect director candidates.
- Stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the board of directors or to
propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may discourage or deter
a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer‘s own slate of directors or
otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company.
- Our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock. The
ability to issue undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred
stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us.
As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware
law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its outstanding voting
stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved
the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us.
Risks Related to Our Holding Company Reorganization
As a holding company, Alphabet is dependent on the operations and funds of its subsidiaries.
On October 2, 2015, we completed a reorganization pursuant to which Alphabet became a holding company with
no business operations of its own. Alphabet’s only signiﬁcant assets are the outstanding equity interests in Google
and any other current or future subsidiaries of Alphabet. As a result, we rely on cash ﬂows from subsidiaries to meet
our obligations, including to service any debt obligations of Alphabet.
We may not obtain the anticipated benefits of our reorganization into a holding company structure.
We believe that our holding company reorganization and the current operating structure increases management
scale and allows us to focus on running our diverse businesses independently with the goal of maximizing each of the
business’ potential. The beneﬁts of this reorganization may not be obtained if circumstances prevent us from taking
advantage of the strategic and business opportunities that we expect it may afford us. As a result, we may incur the
costs of a holding company structure without realizing the beneﬁts, which could adversely aﬁect our reputation, ﬁnancial
condition, and operating results.
Alphabet’s management is dedicating signiﬁcant effort to the Alphabet operating structure. These efforts may
divert management’s focus and resources from Alphabet’s business, corporate initiatives, or strategic opportunities,
which could have an adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition, or prospects.
Additionally, our subsidiaries may be restricted in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions to
Alphabet, as the new holding company.
ITEM 13. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
There are no unresolved staff comments at December 31, 2016.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Our headquarters are located in Mountain View, California. We also own and lease ofﬁce and building space in
the surrounding areas near our headquarters, which in the aggregate (including our headquarters) represent
approximately 7.86 million square feet of ofﬁce/building space and approximately forty-five acres of developable land
to accommodate anticipated future growth. In addition, we own and lease office/building space and research and
development sites, around the world - primarily in North America, Europe, South America, and Asia. We operate and
own data centers in the US, Europe, South America, and Asia pursuant to various lease agreements and co-location
arrangements. We believe our existing facilities, both owned and leased, are in good condition and suitable for the
conduct of our business.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note 10 “Commitments and Contingencies
- Legal Matters” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form
10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.
18