IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to
those described below, which could adversely affect our business, ﬁnancial condition, results of operations, cash flows,
and the trading price of our common and capital stock.
Risks Related to Our Businesses and Industries
We face intense competition. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that
are useful to users, we ma y notremain competitive, and our revenues and operating results could be adversely
affected.
Our businesses are rapidly evolving, intensely competitive, and subject to changing technologies, shifting user
needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. Competing successfully depends heavily on our ability
to accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative products and technologies to the marketplace
rapidly and, for Google, provide products and services that make our search results and ads relevant and useful for
our users. As our businesses evolve, the competitive pressure to innovate will encompass a wider range of products
and services, including products and services that may be outside of our historical core business. As a result, we must
continue to invest signiﬁcant resources in research and development, including through acquisitions, in orderto enhance
our search technology and our existing products and services, and introduce new products and services that people
can easily and effectively use.
We have many competitors in different industries, including general purpose search engines and information
services; vertical search engines and e-commerce websites; social networks; other forms of advertising and online
advertising platforms and networks; companies that design, manufacture, and market consumer electronic products;
providers of enterprise cloud services and digital video services; and digital assistant providers. Our current and
potential domestic and international competitors range from large and established companies to emerging start-ups.
Some large companies have longer operating histories and more established relationships with customers and users,
and they can use their experiences and resources in ways that could affect our competitive position, including by
making acquisitions, continuing to invest heavily in research and development, aggressively initiating intellectual
property claims (whether or not meritorious), and continuing to compete aggressively for advertisers and websites.
Emerging start-ups may be able to innovate and provide products and services faster than we can or may foresee the
consumer need for products and services before us.
In addition, new products and services can sometimes present new and difficult technological and legal challenges,
which may negatively impact our brands and demand for our products and services and adversely impact our revenues
and operating results. Our operating results would also suffer if our innovations are not responsive to the needs of our
users, advertisers, and Google Network Members; are not appropriately timed with market opportunities; or are not
effectively brought to market. As technology continues to develop, our competitors may be able to offer user experiences
that are, or that are seen to be, substantially similar to or better than ours. This may force us to compete in different
ways and expend signiﬁcant resources in order to remain competitive. If our competitors are more successful than we
are in developing compelling products or in attracting and retaining users, advertisers, and content providers, our
revenues and operating results could be adversely affected.
We generate substantially all of our revenues from advertising, and reduced spending by advertisers or
a loss of partners could harm our business.
We generated 88% of total revenues from advertising in 2016. Many of our advertisers, companies that distribute
our products and services, digital publishers, and content partners can terminate their contracts with us at any time.
Those partners may not continue to do business with us if we do not create more value (such as increased numbers
of users or customers, new sales leads, increased brand awareness, or more effective monetization) than their available
alternatives. If we do not provide superior value or deliver advertisements efﬁciently and competitively, we could see
a decrease in revenue and other adverse impacts to our business. In addition, expenditures by advertisers tend to be
cyclical, reﬂecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns. Adverse macroeconomic conditions
can also have a material negative impact on user activity and the demand for advertising and cause our advertisers
to reduce the amounts they spend on advertising, which could adversely affect our revenues and business.
Our ongoing investment in new businesses and new products, services, and technologies is inherently
risky, and could disrupt our current operations.
We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services, and technologies. The
creation of Alphabet as a new holding company in 2015 and the investments that we are making across various areas
in Google and Other Bets are a reﬂection of our ongoing efforts to innovate and provide products and services that
7