IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS
Please read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together
with our consolidated ﬁnancial statements and related notes included under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-
K.
Trends in Our Business
The following trends have contributed to the results of our consolidated operations, and we anticipate that they
will continue to impact our future results:
- Users' behaviors and advertising continue to shift online as the digital economy evolves.
The continuing shift from an ofﬂine to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception,
resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business.
- As online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings which may impact our
monetization.
As interactions between users and advertisers change, we continue to expand and evolve our product offerings
to serve their changing needs. Over time, we expect our monetization trends to ﬂuctuate. For example, we have seen
an increase in YouTube engagement ads, which monetize at a lower rate than traditional desktop search ads.
Additionally, we continue to see a shift to programmatic buying which presents opportunities for advertisers to connect
with the right user, in the right moment, in the right context. Programmatic buying has a different monetization profile
than traditional advertising buying on Google properties. These trends will continue to affect our revenues and margins
in the future.
- Users are increasingly using multiple devices to access our products and services, and our advertising
revenues are increasingly coming from mobile and other new formats.
Our users are accessing the Internet via multiple devices and want to feel connected no matter where they are
or what they are doing. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain
and grow our business.
In this multi-device world, we generate our advertising revenues increasingly from mobile and newer advertising
formats, and the margins from the advertising revenues from these sources have generally been lower than those
from traditional desktop search. We also expect trafﬁc acquisition costs (TAC) paid to our distribution partners to
increase due to changes in device mix between mobile, desktop, and tablet, partner mix, partner agreement terms,
and the percentage of queries channeled through paid access points. We expect these trends to continue to put
pressure on our overall margins.
- As users in developing economies increasingly come online, our revenues from international markets
continue to increase and movements in foreign exchange rates impact such revenues.
The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S.,
including in emerging markets, and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising
programs useful to our users in these markets. This has led to a trend of increased revenues from international markets
over time and we expect that our results will continue to be impacted by our performance in these markets, particularly
as low-cost mobile devices become more available.
Our international revenues represent a signiﬁcant portion of our revenues and are subject to ﬂuctuations in foreign
currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. While we have a foreign exchange risk management program
designed to reduce our exposure to these ﬂuctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues
and earnings.
- The portion of our revenues that we derive from non-advertising revenues is increasing.
Non-advertising revenues have grown over time. We expect this trend to continue as we focus on expanding our
Google offerings to our users through products and services like Google Cloud, Google Play, and hardware products.
Across these initiatives, we currently derive non-advertising revenues primarily from hardware sales, sales of apps,
in-app purchases and digital content products, and service and licensing fees; the margins on these non-advertising
businesses vary signiﬁcantly and may be lower than the margins on our advertising business. A number of our Other
Bets initiatives are in their initial development stages, and as such, the sources of revenues from these businesses
could change over time and the revenues could be volatile.
22