Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant’s knowledge, in deﬁnitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. El
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated ﬁler, an accelerated ﬁler, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated ﬁler,” “accelerated ﬁler” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one):
Large accelerated ﬁler Accelerated ﬁler El
Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting
company) El Smaller reporting company El
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as deﬁned in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes El No
As of June 30, 2016, the aggregate market value of shares held by non-afﬁliates of the registrant (based upon the closing sale
prices of such shares on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30, 2016) was approximately $413.8 billion. For purposes of
calculating the aggregate market value of shares held by non-afﬁliates, we have assumed that all outstanding shares are held by
non-afﬁliates, except for shares held by each of our executive ofﬁcers, directors and 5% or greater stockholders. In the case of 5%
or greater stockholders, we have not deemed such stockholders to be afﬁliates unless there are facts and circumstances which
would indicate that such stockholders exercise any control over our company, or unless they hold 10% or more of our outstanding
common stock. These assumptions should not be deemed to constitute an admission that all executive ofﬁcers, directors and 5%
or greater stockholders are, in fact, afﬁliates of our company, or that there are not other persons who may be deemed to be afﬁliates
of our company. Further information concerning shareholdings of our officers, directors and principal stockholders is included or
incorporated by reference in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
As of January 26, 2017, there were 297,117,506 shares of the registrant’s Class A common stock outstanding, 47,369,687 shares
of the registrant’s Class B common stock outstanding, and 346,933,134 shares of the registrant’s Class C capital stock outstanding.
DOCUMENTS lNCORPVORATEDHBY REFERENCE
Portions of the registrant’s Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated herein by reference in
Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein. Such proxy statement will be ﬁled with the Securities and
Exchange Commission within 120 days of the registrant’s fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.