IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
We classify all investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and have stated maturities of
three months or less from the date of purchase as cash equivalents and those with stated maturities of greater than
three months as marketable securities.
We determine the appropriate classiﬁcation of our investments in marketable securities at the time of purchase
and reevaluate such designation at each balance sheet date. We have classified and accounted for our marketable
securities as available-for—sale. After consideration of our risk versus reward objectives, as well as our liquidity
requirements, we may sell these securities prior to their stated maturities. As we view these securities as available to
support current operations, we classify highly liquid securities with maturities beyond 12 months as current assets
under the caption marketable securities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. We carry these securities
at fair value, and report the unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, as a component of stockholders’ equity, except
for unrealized losses determined to be other-than-temporary, which we record within other income (expense), net. We
determine any realized gains or losses on the sale of marketable securities on a speciﬁc identification method, and
we record such gains and losses as a component of other income (expense), net.
Non-Marketable Investments
We have accounted for non-marketable equity investments either under the equity or cost method. Investments
through which we exercise significant inﬂuence but do not have control over the investee are accounted for under the
equity method. Investments through which we are not able to exercise signiﬁcant influence over the investee are
accounted for under the cost method.
We have accounted for our non-marketable investments that meet the definition of a debt security as available-
for-sale securities. Since these securities do not have contractual maturity dates and we do not intend to liquidate
them in the next 12 months, we have classified them as non—current assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance
Sheet.
Variable Interest Entities
We make a determination at the inception of each arrangement whether an entity in which we have made an
investment or in which we have other variable interests is considered a Variable Interest Entity (“VIE”). We consolidate
VlEs when we are deemed to be the primary beneﬁciary. The primary beneficiary of a VIE is the party that meets both
of the following criteria: (i) has the power to make decisions that most signiﬁcantly affect the economic performance
of the VIE; and (ii) has the obligation to absorb losses orthe right to receive beneﬁts that in either case could potentially
be signiﬁcant to the VIE. Periodically, we determine whether any changes occurred requiring a reassessment of whether
we are the primary beneﬁciary of a VIE. If we are not deemed to be the primary beneﬁciary in a VIE, we account for
the investment or other variable interests in a VIE in accordance with applicable GAAP.
Impairment of Marketable and Non-Marketable Investments
We periodically review our marketable and non-marketable investments for impairment. If we conclude that any
of these investments are impaired, we determine whether such impairment is other-than-temporary. Factors we consider
to make such determination include the duration and severity of the impairment, the reason for the decline in value
and the potential recovery period and our intent to sell. For debt securities, we also consider whether (1) it is more
likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, and (2) the
amortized cost basis cannot be recovered as a result of credit losses. If any impairment is considered other-than-
temporary, we will write down the asset to its fair value and record the corresponding charge as other income (expense),
net.
Accounts Receivable
We record accounts receivable at the invoiced amount and we normally do not charge interest. We maintain an
allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for potentially uncollectible receivables. We review the accounts receivable
by amounts due by customers which are past due to identify specific customers with known disputes or collectability
issues. In determining the amount of the reserve, we make judgments about the creditworthiness of signiﬁcant
customers based on ongoing credit evaluations. We also maintain a sales allowance to reserve for potential credits
issued to customers. We determine the amount of the reserve based on historical credits issued.
Property and Equipment
We account for property and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. We compute
depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. We depreciate buildings over
periods up to 25 years. We generally depreciate information technology assets over periods up to 7 years. We amortize
leasehold improvements over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Construction in progress is the construction or development of property and equipment that have not yet been placed
50