IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
properties. Our customers generally purchase ads through AdWords, DoubleClick Bid Manager, and DoubleClick
AdExchange, among others. Most of our customers pay us on a cost-per—click basis, which means that an advertiser
pays us only when a user engages with the ads by clicking on an ad on Google properties or Google Network Members'
properties or by viewing YouTube engagement ads like TrueView (counted as an engagement when the user chooses
not to skip the ad). We also offer advertising on other bases such as cost-per—impression, which enables our brand
advertisers to pay us based on the number of times their ads are displayed on Google properties and Google Network
Members’ properties.
Revenue from advertising is recognized when the goods or services have been delivered or provided, the amounts
we charge are fixed or determinable, we and our advertisers or other customers understand the speciﬁc nature and
terms of the agreed upon transactions, and collectability is reasonably assured. We recognize as revenues the amounts
charged to advertisers each time a user engages with ads that appears next to the search results or content on Google
properties or Google Network Members’ properties. For those advertisers using our cost-per-impression pricing, we
recognize as revenues the amounts charged to advertisers each time their ads are displayed on Google properties or
Google Network Members’ properties. We generally report revenues from ads placed on Google Network Members'
properties on a gross basis principally because we are the primary obligor to our advertisers.
Revenue from hardware sales to end customers or through distribution channels is generally recognized when
the product has been shipped, risk of loss has transferred to the customer, objective evidence exists that customer
acceptance provisions have been met, no significant obligations remain and allowances for discounts, price protection,
returns and customer incentives, if applicable, can be reasonably and reliably estimated. Revenues are reported net
of these allowances.
For the sale of certain third-party products and services, we evaluate whether it is appropriate to recognize
revenue based on the gross amount billed to the customers or the net amount earned as revenue share. Generally,
when we record revenue on a gross basis, we are the primary obligor in a transaction, and have also considered other
factors, including whether we are subject to inventory risk or have latitude in establishing prices.
For multi-element arrangements, including those that contain software essential to hardware products’ functionality
and services, we allocate revenue to each unit of accounting based on their relative selling prices. In such circumstances,
we use a hierarchy to determine the selling prices to be used for allocating revenue: (i) vendor-speciﬁc objective
evidence of fair value (VSOE), (ii) third-party evidence of selling price, and (iii) best estimate of the selling price (ESP).
VSOE generally exists only when we sell the deliverable separately and is the price actually charged by us for that
deliverable. ESPs reflect our best estimates of what the selling price of the deliverable would be if it was sold regularly
on a stand-alone basis.
We record deferred revenues when cash payments are received in advance of our performance in the underlying
agreement on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Cost of Revenues
Cost of revenues consists of trafﬁc acquisition costs which are paid to Google Network Members primarily for
ads displayed on their properties and amounts paid to our distribution partners who make available our search access
points and services. Our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment
manufacturers, and software developers.
Additionally, other costs of revenues include the following:
- The expenses associated with the operation of our data centers (including depreciation, labor, energy, and
bandwidth costs);
- Content acquisition costs primarily related to payments to certain content providers from whom we license
their video and other content for distribution on YouTube and Google Play (we pay fees to these content
providers based on revenues generated or a ﬂat fee);
- Credit card and other transaction fees related to processing customer transactions;
- Stock-based compensation expense;
- Inventory related costs for hardware we sell; and
- Amortization of certain intangible assets.
Stock-based Compensation
Stock-based compensation includes restricted stock units (RSUs) that will be settled in Alphabet stock as well
as awards we expect to ultimately settle in cash. RSUs are measured at the fair market value of the underlying stock
at the grant date. Liability classified awards are remeasured at fair value through settlement. We recognize stock-
48