IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
We are subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny that may negatively impact our business. Additionally,
changes in policies governing a wide range of topics may adversely affect our business.
The growth of our company and our expansion into a variety of new ﬁelds involves a variety of new regulatory
issues, and we have experienced increased regulatory scrutiny as we have grown. For instance, various regulatory
agencies are reviewing aspects of our search and other businesses. We continue to cooperate with the European
Commission and other regulatory authorities around the world in investigations they are conducting with respect to
our business.
Legislators and regulators may make legal and regulatory changes, or interpret and apply existing laws or policies,
in ways that make our products and services less useful to our users, require us to incur substantial costs, expose us
to unanticipated civil or criminal liability, or cause us to change our business practices. Additionally, changes in social,
political, and regulatory conditions or in laws and policies governing a wide range of topics may disrupt our business
practices. These changes could negatively impact our business and results of operations in material ways.
A variety of new and existing laws could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business.
We are subject to numerous US. and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters.
New laws and regulations (or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations) may also impact our business. For
example, current and new patent laws such as U.S. patent laws and European patent laws may affect the ability of
companies, including us, to protect their innovations and defend against claims of patent infringement. Similarly,
changes to copyright laws being considered in Europe and elsewhere may increase costs or require companies,
including us, to change or cease offering certain existing services. The costs of compliance with these laws and
regulations are high and are likely to increase in the future.
Claims have been, or may be, threatened and ﬁled against us under both US. and foreign laws for defamation,
invasion of privacy and othertort claims, unlawful activity, patent, copyright and trademark infringement, product liability,
or other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched and the ads posted by our users, our
products and services, or content generated by our users. Furthermore, many of these laws do not contemplate or
address the unique issues raised by a number of our new businesses, products, services and technologies. In addition,
the applicability and scope of these laws, as interpreted by the courts, remain uncertain. For example, the laws relating
to the liability of providers of online services are currently unsettled both within the U.S. and abroad.
In addition, other laws that could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business include, among others:
- We rely on statutory safe harbors, as set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act in the United States and
the E-Commerce Directive in Europe, against copyright liability for various linking, caching, and hosting
activities. Any legislation or court rulings impacting these safe harbors may adversely impact us.
- The General Data Protection Regulation, coming into effect in Europe in May of 2018, which creates a range
of new compliance obligations, and increases ﬁnancial penalties for noncompliance significantly.
- Court decisions such as the ‘right to be forgotten’ ruling issued by the European court, which allows individuals
to demand that Google remove search results about them in certain instances, may limit the content we can
show to our users and impose signiﬁcant operational burdens.
- Various U.S. and international laws that restrict the distribution of materials considered harmful to children and
impose additional restrictions on the ability of online services to collect information from minors.
- Data protection laws passed by many states and by certain countries outside the U.S. that require notiﬁcation
to users when there is a security breach for personal data, such as California’s Information Practices Act.
- Data localization laws, which generally mandate that certain types of data collected in a particular country be
stored and/or processed within that country.
We face risks and costs overseas as our products and services are offered in international markets and may be
subject to additional regulations. Any failure on our part to comply with these laws and regulations can result in negative
publicity and diversion of management time and effort and may subject us to signiﬁcant liabilities and other penalties.
We are regularly subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may
result in adverse outcomes.
We are regularly subject to claims, suits, and government investigations involving competition, intellectual property,
privacy, consumer protection, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods
and services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, and other matters. The manufacturing and sale
of an expanded suite of hardware products further exposes us to the risk of product liability and other litigation as well
as consumer protection concerns related to product defects, as well as health and safety, hazardous materials usage,
and other environmental concerns. We may also be subject to claims, including product warranty claims, if users
experience service disruptions, failures, or other issues. In addition, our businesses face intellectual property litigation,
9