IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
Objections (SO) regarding the display and ranking of shopping search results, to which we responded on August 27,
2015. On April 20, 2016, the EC issued an SO regarding certain Android distribution practices. On July 14, 2016, the
EC issued a Supplementary SO regarding shopping search results and an SO regarding the syndication of AdSense
for Search. We have responded to the SOs and Supplementary SO and continue to respond to the EC's informational
requests. We remain committed to working with the EC to resolve these matters.
The Comision Nacional de Defensa de la Competencia in Argentina, the Competition Commission of India (CCI),
Brazil's Council for Economic Defense (CADE), the Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS) of the Russian Federation,
and the Korean Fair Trade Commission have also opened investigations into certain of our business practices. In
November 2016, we responded to the CCI Director General's report with interim ﬁndings of competition law
infringements regarding search and ads. In September 2015, FAS found that there has been a competition law
infringement in Android mobile distribution. The appeal against that decision has so far been rejected, so Google has
implemented the ruling to the degree possible and is working on product changes to finalize implementation. The
appeals process continues. In April 2016, the Canadian Competition Bureau informed us that it was closing its antitrust
investigations of our business practices.
Patent and Intellectual Property Claims
We have had patent, copyright, and trademark infringement lawsuits ﬁled against us claiming that certain of our
products, services, and technologies infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Adverse results in these lawsuits
may include awards of substantial monetary damages, costly royalty or licensing agreements, or orders preventing
us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services, and may also cause us to change our business
practices, and require development of non-infringing products ortechnologies, which could result in a loss of revenues
for us and otherwise harm our business. In addition, the US. International Trade Commission (ITC) has increasingly
become an important forum to litigate intellectual property disputes because an ultimate loss for a company or its
suppliers in an ITC action could result in a prohibition on importing infringing products into the US. Because the US.
is an important market, a prohibition on importation could have an adverse effect on us, including preventing us from
importing many important products into the US. or necessitating workarounds that may limit certain features of our
products.
Furthermore, many of our agreements with our customers and partners require us to indemnify them for certain
intellectual property infringement claims against them, which would increase our costs as a result of defending such
claims, and may require that we pay signiﬁcant damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. Our
customers and partners may discontinue the use of our products, services, and technologies, as a result of injunctions
or otherwise, which could result in loss of revenues and adversely impact our business.
Oracle America, Inc. (Oracle) brought a copyright lawsuit against Google in the Northern District of California,
alleging that Google's Android infringes Oracle's copyrights related to certain Java application programming interfaces.
After trial, ﬁnal judgment was entered by the district court in favor of Google on June 8, 2016, and the court decided
post-trial motions in favor of Google. Oracle has filed a notice of appeal. We believe this lawsuit is without merit and
are defending ourselves vigorously. Given the nature of this case, we are unable to estimate the reasonably possible
loss or range of loss, if any, arising from this matter.
Other
We are also regularly subject to claims, suits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings
involving competition (such as the pending EC investigations described above), intellectual property, privacy, tax, labor
and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods and services offered by advertisers or
publishers using our platforms, personal injury, consumer protection, and other matters. Such claims, suits, regulatory
and government investigations, and other proceedings could result in fines, civil or criminal penalties, or other adverse
consequences.
Certain of our outstanding legal matters include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of
damages. We record a liability when we believe that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can
be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be
estimated, we disclose the possible loss. We evaluate, on a monthly basis, developments in our legal matters that
could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible
losses disclosed, and make adjustments as appropriate. Significantjudgment is required to determine both likelihood
of there being and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters.
With respect to our outstanding legal matters, based on our current knowledge, we believe that the amount or
range of reasonably possible loss will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on
70