IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Alphabet Inc.
We have audited Alphabet lnc.’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on
criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the 0080 criteria). Alphabet lnc.’s management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over ﬁnancial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting based
on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk,
and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of ﬁnancial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Acompany’s internal control overfinancial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and
fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of ﬁnancial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have
a material effect on the ﬁnancial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, Alphabet lnc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting
as of December 31, 2016, based on the 0080 criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States), the 2016 consolidated ﬁnancial statements of Alphabet Inc. and our report dated February 2, 2017
expressed an unqualiﬁed opinion thereon.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
San Jose, California
February 2, 2017
41