IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
The aggregate TAC rate remained relatively ﬂat from 2015 to 2016 primarily as a result of a shift of mix from
Google Network Members' properties revenue to Google properties revenue. Our aggregate TAC rate was also
impacted by the increase in mobile and programmatic advertising buying, which generally carry overall higher TAC.
The increase in Google properties TAC rate was primarily driven by a shift to mobile and more mobile searches
are subject to TAC. The increase in Network Members' TAC rate was primarily driven by the shift in advertising buying
from our traditional network business to programmatic advertising buying.
Cost of revenues increased $2,473 million from 2014 to 2015. The increase was primarily due to data center
costs and an increase in content acquisition costs as a result of increased activities related to YouTube and digital
content. The remaining increase was driven by increases in trafﬁc acquisition costs of $846 million, resulting from more
advertiser fees generated through our AdSense program driven primarily by an increase in advertising revenues, as
well as more fees paid to our distribution partners for additional traffic directed to our websites. Additionally, there was
an impairment charge of $378 million recognized in 2014 related to a patent licensing royalty asset acquired in
connection with the Motorola acquisition that did not recur in 2015.
The decrease in aggregate TAC rate from 2014 to 2015 was primarily a result of a shift of mix from Google
Network Members' properties revenue to Google properties revenue.
We expect cost of revenues to increase in dollar amount and as a percentage of total revenues in 2017 and
future periods based on a number of factors, including the following:
- The relative revenue growth rates of Google properties and our Google Network Members' properties;
- Traffic acquisition costs paid to our distribution partners, which are affected by changes in device mix between
mobile, desktop, and tablet, partner mix, partner agreement terms such as revenue share arrangements, and
the percentage of queries channeled through paid access points;
- Traffic acquisition costs paid to Google Network Members, which are affected by ongoing adoption of
programmatic advertising buying and changes in partner agreement terms;
- The growth rates of expenses associated with our data center operations, content acquisition costs, as well
as our hardware inventory and related costs; and
- Increased proportion of non-advertising revenues as part of our total revenues.
Research and Development
The following table presents our R&D expenses (in millions) for the periods presented:
7 Year Ended December 31, 7
2014 2015 2016
[Research and development expenses $ 9,832 $ 12,282 $ 13,948 I
Research and development expenses as a percentage of revenues 14.9% 16.3% 15.5%
R&D expenses consist primarily of:
- Labor and facilities-related costs for employees responsible for R&D of our existing and new products and
services;
- Depreciation and equipment-related expenses; and
- Stock-based compensation expense.
R&D expenses increased $1,666 million from 2015 to 2016. The increase was primarily due to an increase in
stock-based compensation expense of $667 million and an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $326 million
both largely as a result of a 16% increase in R&D headcount partially offset by higher expenses resulting from project
milestones in Other Bets in 2015. In addition, there was an increase in depreciation and equipment-related expenses
of approximately $388 million and an increase in professional services of $267 million due to additional expenses
incurred for consulting, outsourced services, and temporary services.
R&D expenses increased $2,450 million and increased as a percentage of revenues from 2014 to 2015.
These increases were primarily due to an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $1 ,502 million and an increase
in stock-based compensation expense of $487 million, both largely as a result of a 16% increase in R&D headcount.
The increase in labor and facilities-related costs was also impacted by expenses resulting from project milestones in
Other Bets established several years ago. In addition, there was an increase in depreciation and equipment-related
expenses of approximately $248 million and an increase in professional services of $174 million due to additional
expenses incurred for consulting and outsourced services.
30