IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
entity from the Master Glossary of the Accounting Standards Codiﬁcation (ASC), thereby removing the ﬁnancial
reporting distinction between development stage entities and other reporting entities. The additional elimination of
related consolidation guidance requires companies with interests in development stage entities to reassess whether
such entities are variable interest entities under ASC Topic 810, Consolidation. We adopted this standard in the ﬁrst
quarter of2016 on a retrospective basis. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated
ﬁnancial statements. Additional disclosures have been made related to certain entities that are now considered variable
interest entities under this standard. See Note 7 for details.
In February 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-02 (ASU 2015-02) "Consolidation
(Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis." ASU 2015-02 changes the analysis that a reporting entity
must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. We adopted this standard in
the first quarter of 2016 on a retrospective basis. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our
consolidated ﬁnancial statements but resulted in additional investments being considered variable interest entities.
In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09 (ASU 2016-09) "Compensation—
Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting." We have elected
to early adopt these amendments beginning in the ﬁrst quarter of 2016. Stock-based compensation
excess tax benefits or deficiencies are now reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Income as a component of
the provision for income taxes, whereas they previously were recognized in equity. Additionally, our Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows now include excess tax beneﬁts as an operating activity, with the prior periods adjusted
accordingly. Finally, we have elected to account for forfeitures as they occur, rather than estimate expected
forfeitures. As a result of the adoption of ASU 2016-09, the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the twelve
months ended December 31, 2014 and 2015 were adjusted as follows: $648 million and $548 million increases to net
cash provided by operating activities, respectively, and $648 million and $548 million increases to net cash used in
ﬁnancing activities, respectively.
Revision of Previously Disclosed Information
During the third quarter of 2016, we identiﬁed an omission in our supplemental disclosure of cash paid for income
taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. We have evaluated the materiality of the impact quantitatively
and qualitatively and concluded it was not material to any of the prior periods impacted. We elected to revise the
supplemental disclosure for the comparable periods presented. The revision only impacted our supplemental
disclosures included in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
Prior Period Reclassifications
Certain amounts in prior periods have been reclassiﬁed to conform with current period presentation.
Note 2. Financial Instruments
We classify our cash equivalents and marketable securities within Level 1 or Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy
because we use quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs to
determine their fair value. We classify our foreign currency and interest rate derivative contracts primarily within Level
2 in the fair value hierarchy as the valuation inputs are based on quoted prices and market observable data of similar
instruments.
53