IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
Securities Lending Program
We entered into securities lending agreements with financial institutions to enhance investment income. We
loaned certain securities which were collateralized in the form of cash or securities. Cash collateral was usually invested
in reverse repurchase agreements which were collateralized in the form of securities.
We classified loaned securities as cash equivalents or marketable securities and recorded the cash collateral as
an asset with a corresponding liability in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. We classiﬁed reverse
repurchase agreements maturing within three months as cash equivalents and those longer than three months as
receivable under reverse repurchase agreements in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. For security
collateral received, we did not record an asset or liability except in the event of counterparty default.
Our securities lending transactions were accounted for as secured borrowings with significant investment
categories as follows (in millions):
7 As of December 31, 2015 :
7 Remaining Contractual Maturity of the Agreements 7
7 Overnight and Greater Than 7
: Securities Lending Transactions Continuous Up to 30 days 30 - 90 Days 90 Days Total :
[US government notes $ 1,322 $ 31 $ 0 $ 306 $ 1,659 l
US. government agencies 504 77 0 0 581
[Corporate debt securities f 188 0 0 o 188‘
Total 77$ 2,0147, 77$ 108i 77$ 0i 77$ 306i 77$ 2,4287,
[Gross amount of recognized liabilities for securities lending in offsetting disclosure 77$ 2,428
Amounts related to agreements not included in securities lending in offsetting disclosure 7$ 0’
As of December 31, 2016, we ended our securities lending program resulting in no cash collateral outstanding.
Derivative Financial Instruments
We recognize derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance
Sheets at fair value. We record changes in the fair value (i.e., gains or losses) of the derivatives in the accompanying
Consolidated Statements of Income as other income (expense), net, revenues, or accumulated other comprehensive
income (AOCI) in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, as discussed below.
We enter into foreign currency contracts with ﬁnancial institutions to reduce the risk that our cash flows and
earnings will be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We use certain interest rate derivative
contracts to hedge interest rate exposures on our ﬁxed income securities and debt issuances. Our program is not used
for trading or speculative purposes.
We enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions
with the same counterparty. To further reduce credit risk, we enter into collateral security arrangements under which
the counterparty is required to provide collateral when the net fair value of certain ﬁnancial instruments fluctuates from
contractually established thresholds. We can take possession of the collateral in the event of counterparty default. As
of December 31, 2015 and 2016, we received cash collateral related to the derivative instruments under our collateral
security arrangements of $192 million and $362 million.
Cash Flow Hedges
We use foreign currency option and forward contracts designated as cash ﬂow hedges to hedge certain forecasted
revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the US. dollar and at times we use interest rate swaps to
effectively lock interest rates on anticipated debt issuances. These transactions are designated as cash ﬂow hedges.
The notional principal of these contracts was approximately $16.4 billion and $10.7 billion as of December 31, 2015
and 2016. These contracts have maturities of 36 months or less.
We reflect gain or loss on the effective portion of a cash ﬂow hedge as a component of AOCI and subsequently
reclassify cumulative gains and losses to revenues or interest expense when the hedged transactions are recorded.
If the hedged transactions become probable of not occurring, the corresponding amounts in AOCI is immediately
reclassiﬁed to other income (expense), net. Further, we exclude the change in the time value and forward points of
foreign currency options and forward contracts from our assessment of hedge effectiveness. We recognize changes
of the excluded components in other income (expense), net.
56