IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE
None.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our chief executive ofﬁcer and chief ﬁnancial ofﬁcer, evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, as of the
end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Based on this evaluation, our chief executive ofﬁcer and chief ﬁnancial officer concluded that, as of December
31, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to
provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we ﬁle or submit under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods speciﬁed in the SEC’s rules
and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief
executive ofﬁcer and chief financial ofﬁcer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended
December 31 , 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
ﬁnancial reporting.
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over ﬁnancial reporting,
as deﬁned in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this
evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31,
2016. Management reviewed the results of its assessment with ourAudit Committee. The effectiveness of our internal
control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-
K.
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures
In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls
and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the
desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the beneﬁts of possible
controls and procedures relative to their costs.
ITEM 93. OTHER INFORMATION
None.
82