IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
in which our products and services are distributed or made available through the Internet. Also, the efforts we have
taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufﬁcient or effective. Although we seek to obtain patent protection
for our innovations, it is possible we may not be able to protect some of these innovations. Moreover, we may not have
adequate patent or copyright protection for certain innovations that later turn out to be important. Furthermore, there
is always the possibility, despite our efforts, that the scope of the protection gained will be insufficient or that an issued
patent may be deemed invalid or unenforceable.
We also seek to maintain certain intellectual property as trade secrets. The secrecy could be compromised by
outside parties, or by our employees, which could cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from these
trade secrets. We also face risks associated with our trademarks. For example, there is a risk that the word “Google”
could become so commonly used that it becomes synonymous with the word “search.” If this happens, we could lose
protection for this trademark, which could result in other people using the word “Google” to refer to their own products,
thus diminishing our brand.
Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our ability to compete.
Also, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Any increase in the unauthorized use of
our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results.
Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, and divestitures could result in operating difficulties, dilution,
and other consequences that may adversely impact our business and results of operations.
Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and divestitures, are important elements of our overall corporate strategy
and use of capital, and these transactions could be material to our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations. We
expect to continue to evaluate and enter into discussions regarding a wide array of potential strategic transactions.
Effecting these potential strategic transactions could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. The
areas where we face risks include:
- Diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to challenges related to acquisitions
and other strategic transactions.
- Failure to successfully further develop the acquired business or technology.
- Implementation or remediation of controls, procedures, and policies at the acquired company.
- Integration of the acquired company's accounting, human resource, and other administrative systems, and
coordination of product, engineering, and sales and marketing functions.
- Transition of operations, users, and customers onto our existing platforms.
- Failure to obtain required approvals on a timely basis, if at all, from governmental authorities, or conditions
placed upon approval that could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, or
otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected ﬁnancial or strategic goals of an acquisition or other strategic
transaction.
- In the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages
and to address the particular economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with speciﬁc
countries.
- Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization,
and retention of employees from the businesses we acquire.
- Liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark
infringement claims, privacy issues, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known
and unknown liabilities.
- Litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees,
customers, former stockholders, or other third parties.
Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions
and other strategic transactions could cause us to fail to realize their anticipated benefits, incur unanticipated liabilities,
and harm our business generally.
Our acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent
liabilities, or amortization expenses, or impairment of goodwill and/or purchased long-lived assets, and restructuring
charges, any of which could harm our financial condition or results. Also, the anticipated beneﬁts or value of our
acquisitions and other strategic transactions may not materialize. In connection with our divestitures, we have agreed,
and may in the future agree, to provide indemnification for certain potential liabilities, which may adversely impact our
ﬁnancial condition or results.
12