IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
Other Bets
Throughout Alphabet, we are also using technology to try and solve big problems across many industries.
Alphabet’s Other Bets are early-stage businesses, which come with considerable uncertainty, but they are already
making important strides in their industries. Our goal is for them to become thriving, successful businesses in the
medium to long term. For instance, Nest products, led by their learning thermostat, remain top sellers in their categories,
and the team continues to successfully launch new products like the Nest Cam Outdoor. Also, life sciences and
healthcare company Verily has forged several partnerships with industry leaders as it works to create new solutions
in areas including diabetes and robotic surgery. Our self-driving car company, Waymo, is also making important progress
and is currently testing cars in four cities. We continue to build out these businesses thoughtfully and systematically
to capitalize on the opportunities ahead.
Competition
Our business is characterized by rapid change as well as new and disruptive technologies. We face formidable
competition in every aspect of our business, particularly from companies that seek to connect people with online
information and provide them with relevant advertising. We face competition from:
- General purpose search engines and information services, such as Microsoft's Bing, Yahoo, Yandex, Baidu,
Naver, and Seznam.
- Vertical search engines and e-commerce websites, such as Amazon and eBay (e-commerce), Kayak (travel
queries), Linkedln (job queries), and WebMD (health queries). Some users will navigate directly to such content,
websites, and apps rather than go through Google.
- Social networks, such as Facebook and Twitter. Some users are increasingly relying on social networks for
product or service referrals, rather than seeking information through traditional search engines.
- Other forms of advertising, such as television, radio, newspapers, magazines, and billboards. Our advertisers
typically advertise in multiple media, both online and offline.
- Other online advertising platforms and networks, including Facebook, Criteo, and AppNexus, that compete
for advertisers with AdWords, our primary auction-based advertising program.
- Providers of digital video services, such as Facebook, Netflix, Amazon, and Hulu.
- Companies that design, manufacture, and market consumer electronics products, including businesses that
have developed proprietary platforms.
- Providers of enterprise cloud services, including Amazon and Microsoft.
- Digital assistant providers, such as Apple, Amazon, Facebook, and Microsoft.
Competing successfully in our advertising-related businesses depends heavily on our ability to deliver and
distribute innovative products and technologies to the marketplace so that we can attract and retain:
- Users, for whom other products and services are literally one click away, primarily on the basis ofthe relevance
and usefulness of our search results and the features, availability, and ease of use of our products and services.
- Advertisers, primarily based on our ability to generate sales leads, and ultimately customers, and to deliver
their advertisements in an efficient and effective manner across a variety of distribution channels.
- Content providers (Google Network Members, the parties who use our advertising programs to deliver relevant
ads alongside their search results and content, as well as other content providers for whom we distribute or
license content), primarily based on the quality of our advertiser base, our ability to help these partners generate
revenues from advertising, and the terms of our agreements with them.
Intellectual Property
We rely on various intellectual property laws, conﬁdentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our
proprietary technology and our brand. We have registered, and applied for the registration of, U.S. and international
trademarks service marks, domain names and copyrights. We have also filed patent applications in the US. and foreign
countries covering certain of ourtechnology, and acquired patent assets to supplement our portfolio. We have licensed
in the past, and expect that we may license in the future, certain of our rights to other parties.
5