IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
in service for our intended use. Depreciation for equipment commences once it is placed in service and depreciation
for buildings and leasehold improvements commences once they are ready for our intended use. Land is not
depreciated.
Inventory
Inventory consists primarily of finished goods and is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is
computed using the ﬁrst-in, ﬁrst-out method.
Software Development Costs
We expense software development costs, including costs to develop software products orthe software component
of products to be sold, leased, or marketed to external users, before technological feasibility is reached. Technological
feasibility is typically reached shortly before the release of such products and as a result, development costs that meet
the criteria for capitalization were not material for the periods presented.
Software development costs also include costs to develop software to be used solely to meet internal needs and
cloud based applications used to deliver our services. We capitalize development costs related to these software
applications once the preliminary project stage is complete and it is probable that the project will be completed and
the software will be used to perform the function intended. Costs capitalized for developing such software applications
were not material for the periods presented.
Business Combinations
We include the results of operations of the businesses that we acquire as of the acquisition date. We allocate
the purchase price of our acquisitions to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair
values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of these identiﬁable assets and liabilities is recorded as
goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and are expensed
as incurred.
Long-Lived Assets, Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible Assets
We review property and equipment, long-term prepayments and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We
measure recoverability of these assets by comparing the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows that
the assets or the asset group are expected to generate. If the carrying value of the assets are not recoverable, the
impairment recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair market
value. In 2014, we recorded impairments of intangible assets, including an impairment of $378 million in the third
quarter of 2014 related to a patent licensing royalty asset. Impairments of intangible assets were not material in 2015
or2016.
We allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to beneﬁt from the business
combination. We evaluate our reporting units when changes in our operating structure occur, and if necessary, reassign
goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. We test our goodwill for impairment at least annually, or more
frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. No goodwill impairment has
been identiﬁed in any of the years presented.
Intangible assets with deﬁnite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. We amortize intangible assets
on a straight-line basis with definite lives over periods ranging from one to twelve years.
Income Taxes
We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which we recognize the amount of taxes
payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences of
events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. We measure current and deferred tax
assets and liabilities based on provisions of enacted tax law. We evaluate the realization of our deferred tax assets
based on all available evidence and establish a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more-
likely-than-not that they will not be realized.
We recognize the financial statement effects of a tax position when it is more-likely-than not that, based on
technical merits, the position will be sustained upon examination. The tax benefits of the position recognized in the
ﬁnancial statements are then measured based on the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be
realized upon settlement with a taxing authority. In addition, we recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax beneﬁts as a component of the income tax provision.
51