IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
are useful to users. Such endeavors may involve signiﬁcant risks and uncertainties, including insufficient revenues
from such investments to offset any new liabilities assumed and expenses associated with these new investments,
inadequate return of capital on our investments, distraction of management from current operations, use of alternative
investment or compensation structures, and unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence of such strategies
and offerings that could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated beneﬁts of such investments and incur unanticipated
liabilities. Because these new ventures are inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such strategies and offerings
will be successful and will not adversely affect our reputation, ﬁnancial condition, and operating results.
More people are using devices other than desktop computers to access the Internet and accessing new
devices to make search queries. If manufacturers and users do not widely adopt versions of our search
technology, products, or operating systems developed for these devices, our business could be adversely
affected.
The number of people who access the Internet through devices other than desktop computers, including mobile
phones, smartphones, handheld computers such as laptops and tablets, video game consoles, digital assistants, and
television set-top devices, is increasing dramatically. The functionality and user experience associated with some
alternative devices may make the use of our products and services through such devices more difﬁcult (orjust different)
and the versions of our products and services developed for these devices may not be compelling to users,
manufacturers, or distributors of alternative devices. Each manufacturer or distributor may establish unique technical
standards for its devices, and our products and services may not work or be viewable on these devices as a result.
Some manufacturers may also elect not to include our products on their devices. In addition, search queries are
increasingly being undertaken via “apps” tailored to particular devices or social media platforms, which could affect
our search and advertising business over time. As new devices and platforms are continually being released, it is
difﬁcult to predict the problems we may encounter in adapting our products and services and developing competitive
new products and services. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and
maintenance of products and services across multiple platforms and devices. If we are unable to attract and retain a
substantial number of alternative device manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, developers, and users to our products
and services, or if we are slow to develop products and technologies that are more compatible with alternative devices
and platforms, we will fail to capture the opportunities available as consumers and advertisers continue to exist in a
dynamic, multi-screen environment.
Our revenue growth rate could decline overtime, and we anticipate downward pressure on our operating
margin in the future.
Our revenue growth rate could decline over time as a result of a number of factors, including:
- increasing competition,
- changes in property mix, platform mix, device mix, and geographical mix,
- the challenges in maintaining our growth rate as our revenues increase to higher levels,
- the evolution of the online advertising market, including the increasing variety of online platforms for advertising,
and the other markets in which we participate, and
- the rate of user adoption of our products, services, and technologies.
We believe our margins could experience downward pressure as a result of increasing competition and increased
costs for many aspects of our business as well as the continuing shift to mobile, changes in device mix, and the
contribution of new businesses to overall revenue. For instance, the margin on revenues we generate from our Google
Network Members is signiﬁcantly less than the margin on revenues we generate from advertising on Google properties.
Consequently, our margins will experience downward pressure if a greater percentage of our revenues comes from
ads placed on our Google Network Members' properties compared to revenues generated through ads placed on
Google properties. Additionally, the margin we earn on revenues generated from our Google Network Members could
decrease in the future if we pay an even larger percentage of advertising fees to our Google Network Members.
Furthermore, in our multi-device world, we generate our advertising revenues increasingly from mobile and newer
advertising formats, and the margins from the advertising revenues from these sources have generally been lower
than those from traditional desktop search. We also expect our trafﬁc acquisition costs (TAC) paid to our distribution
partners to increase due to changes in device mix between mobile, desktop, and tablet, partner mix, partner agreement
terms, and the percentage of queries channeled through paid access points.
Additionally, our margins could experience downward pressure because the margin on the sale of digital content,
hardware products, and cloud-based services have generally been lower than those from traditional desktop search.
Further, our margins could be impacted adversely if we spend a proportionately larger amount to promote new products
and services or distribute certain products or if we invest more heavily in our innovation efforts across the Company
(such as our Other Bets businesses) than we have historically.
8