IaibleiofiCiontents Alphabet Inc.
Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the Internet by us and our users. Internet
access providers may be able to restrict, block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products and
services, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of users and advertisers.
Our products and services depend on the ability of our users to access the Internet, and certain of our products
require significant bandwidth to work effectively. Currently, this access is provided by companies that have signiﬁcant
market power in the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable
companies, mobile communications companies, and government-owned service providers. Some of these providers
have taken, or have stated that they may take measures, including legal actions, that could degrade, disrupt, or increase
the cost of user access to certain of our products by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support
or facilitate our offerings, or by charging increased fees to us or our users to provide our offerings. In addition, in some
jurisdictions, our products and services have been subject to government-initiated restrictions or blockages. Such
interference could result in a loss of existing users and advertisers, and increased costs, and could impair our ability
to attract new users and advertisers, thereby harming our revenues and growth.
New and existing technologies could block ads online, which would harm our business.
Technologies have been developed that can block the display of ads online and that provide tools to users to opt
out of seeing ads online. Most of our Google revenues are derived from fees paid to us in connection with the display
of ads online. As a result, such technologies and tools could adversely affect our operating results.
We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our investments.
Given the global nature of our business, we have investments both domestically and internationally. Credit ratings
and market values of these investments can be negatively impacted by liquidity, credit deterioration or losses, ﬁnancial
results, foreign exchange rates, changes in interest rates, or other factors. As a result, the value or liquidity of our cash
equivalents and marketable securities could decline and result in a material impairment, which could materially
adversely affect our ﬁnancial condition and operating results.
We could be subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation, or
exposure to additional tax liabilities.
Our future income taxes could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that
have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, the net
gains and losses recognized by legal entities on certain hedges and related hedged intercompany and othertransactions
under ourforeign exchange risk management program, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities,
or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items. Due to shifting economic
and political conditions, tax policies or rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to signiﬁcant change.
In addition, we are subject to regular review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities. As a result,
we have received, and may in the future receive, assessments in multiplejurisdictions on various tax-related assertions,
including transfer pricing adjustments or permanent establishment. Any adverse outcome of such a review or audit
could have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. In addition, the determination of our
worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment, and there are many
transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our estimates are
reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may
materially affect our ﬁnancial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made.
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Stock
The trading price for our Class A common stock and non-voting Class C capital stock may continue to
be volatile.
The trading price of our stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility and may continue to be volatile.
For example, from January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016, the closing price of our Class Acommon stock ranged
from $681.14 per share to $835.74 per share, and the closing price of our Class C capital stock ranged from $668.26
to $813.11 per share.
In addition to the factors discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the trading price of our Class A common
stock and Class C capital stock may fluctuate widely in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our
control, including, among others:
- Quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors.
- Announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, divestitures, investments, new products, signiﬁcant
contracts, commercial relationships, or capital commitments.
- Recommendations by securities analysts or changes in earnings estimates.
16