to locate and build a signiﬁcant number of additional transmitter sites to support our services in coming years will be substantial, and our failure to meet this
demand could adversely affect our business.
In addition, as we launch a broader array of services on our network in Brazil, we must develop, test and deploy new supporting technologies, software
applications and systems intended to enhance our competitiveness both by supporting existing and new services and features, and by reducing the costs
associated with providing those services. Successful deployment and implementation of new services and technology depend, in part, on the willingness and
ability of third parties to develop new handsets and applications that are attractive to our customers and that are available in a timely manner. We may not be
able to successfully expand our new network in Brazil as needed or complete the development and deployment of competitive services. Failure to
successfully expand our network coverage and capacity and the services we offer could also be expected to result in subscriber dissatisfaction that could
affect our ability to retain subscribers and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and growth prospects. If this occurs, we may be unable to
recover the substantial investment we have made in our new networks and the related costs we have incurred and will continue to incur to offer these new
services.
b. Failure to successfully implement core information technology and operating systems may adversely affect our business operations.
Our business strategy envisions growing our business by successfully building and expanding our new network in Brazil, expanding our product and
service offerings and expanding our target customer base. Even if we do expand our business, if we fail to manage our growth effectively, our ﬁnancial results
could be adversely affected. Separately, growth may place a strain on our management systems and resources. We must continue to reﬁne and expand our
business development and sales capabilities; our network operations and information technology infrastructure; and the hardware, software, systems,
processes and people to effectively support current and ﬁiture sales, customer service and information requirements of our business in an efficient and cost-
effective manner. In addition, failure to prioritize technology initiatives and effectively allocate resources in order to achieve our strategic goals could result
in a failure to realize those goals, including the expected beneﬁts of our growth, and could negatively affect our ﬁnancial results.
Changes to our networks and business strategies require us to implement new operating and supporting systems to improve our ability to address the
needs of our customers, as well as to create additional efﬁciencies and strengthen our internal controls over ﬁnancial reporting. We may not be able to
successfully implement these new systems in an eﬁ‘ective or timely manner or we could fail to complete all necessary data reconciliation or other conversion
controls when implementing the new systems. In addition, we may incur signiﬁcant increases in costs and encounter extensive delays in the implementation
and rollout of these new systems. Failure to effectively implement our new operating systems may adversely affect our results of operations, customer
perceptions and internal controls over ﬁnancial reporting.
As our business evolves, we must continue to hire, train, supervise and manage new employees. We cannot assure you that we will be able to allocate
our human resources optimally or identify and hire qualiﬁed employees or retain valued employees. If we are unable to manage our operations, our results of
operations could be adversely affected.
10. Any modification or termination of our trademark license with Nextel Communications could increase our costs.
Nextel Communications, Inc., or Nextel Communications, has licensed to us the right to use “Nextel” and other of its trademarks on a perpetual basis in
Latin America. However, Nextel Communications may terminate the license on 60 days’ notice if we commit one of several speciﬁed defaults (namely,
unauthorized use, failure to maintain agreed quality controls or a change in control of N11 Holdings). If there is a change in control of one of our subsidiaries,
upon 90 days’ notice, Nextel Communications may terminate the sublicense granted by us to the subsidiary with respect to the licensed marks. The loss of
the use of the “Nextel” name and trademark could require us to incur signiﬁcant costs to establish a new brand, which could have a material adverse effect on
our operations.
11. Our business could be negatively impacted by security threats and other material disruptions of our wireless networks.
Maj or equipment failures and the disruption of our wireless networks as a result of natural disasters, severe weather, terrorist attacks, acts of war, cyber
attacks or other breaches of network or information technology security, even for a limited period of time, may result in signiﬁcant expenses, result in a loss
of subscribers or impair our ability to attract new subscribers, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
ﬁnancial condition. In the past, more stringent network performance standards and reporting obligations have been adopted by the government in Brazil in
order to ensure quality of service during unforeseen disturbances. We could be required to make signiﬁcant investments in our existing networks in order to
comply with these types of network performance standards. In addition, while we maintain information security policies and procedures designed to comply
with relevant privacy and security laws and restrictions, if we suffer a security breach of customer
19