In August 2014, three of our wholly-owned subsidiaries completed the sale of all of the outstanding equity interests in our wholly-owned subsidiary
Nextel Chile, S.A., or Nextel Chile, to Fucata, SA, a venture comprised of Grupo Veintitres and Optimum Advisors for a de minimus amount.
In August 2013, two of our wholly-owned subsidiaries completed the sale of all of the outstanding equity interests in our wholly-owned subsidiary
Nextel del Peru, S.A., or Nextel Peru, to Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones SA. and one of its subsidiaries, Entel Inversiones, S.A., which we refer to
collectively as Entel.
As a result of the sales of Nextel Argentina, Nextel Mexico, Nextel Chile and Nextel Peru, we have presented the results of these operating companies
for all periods as discontinued operations in this annual report on Form 10-K. In addition, as a result of these sales, we are allocating almost all of our
ﬁnancial and other resources to our operations in Brazil.
Nextel Brazil Business Overview
We provide wireless communication services under the NextelTM brand in Brazil with our principal operations located in major urban and suburban
centers with high population densities and related transportation corridors of that country where we believe there is a concentration of Brazil’s business users
and economic activity, including primarily Rio de Janeiro and Sﬁo Paulo.
In the second half of 2013, Nextel Brazil commercially launched services on its WCDMA network in Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and surrounding areas
and extended those services to other areas in Brazil by expanding the coverage of its network and utilizing roaming services and network sharing
arrangements pursuant to agreements that it reached with another network operator in Brazil. Our WCDMA network enables us to offer a wide range of
products and services supported by that technology, including data services provided at substantially higher speeds than can be delivered on our legacy
iDEN network.
Prior to the deployment of our WCDMA network, our services were primarily targeted to meet the needs of business subscribers. With the deployment
of our WCDMA network in Brazil, our target market has shifted to individual consumers who use our services to meet both professional and personal needs.
Our target subscribers generally exhibit above average usage, revenue and loyalty characteristics. We believe our target market is attracted to the services and
pricing plans we offer, as well as the quality of and data speeds provided by our WCDMA network.
We also offer long-term evolution, or LTE, services in Rio de Janeiro, and starting in December 2016, in Sao Paulo, and we continue to provide services
on our legacy iDEN network throughout various regions in Brazil. Our transition to standards—based technologies such as WCDMA also gives us more
ﬂexibility to offer subscribers the option of purchasing services by acquiring SIM cards from us separately, and by providing the customer with the option to
use the SIM cards in one or more devices that they acquire from us or from other sources.
The services we currently offer include:
- mobile telephone voice service;
- wireless data services, including mobile intemet services, text messaging services and email services;
° push—to-talk services, including Direct Connect®, Prip and International Direct Connect® services, which allow subscribers to talk to each other
instantly;
- other value-added services, including location—based services, which include the use of Global Positioning System, or GPS, technologies; digital
media services; and a wide ranging set of applications available via our content management system, as well as the AndroidTM open application
market;
- business solutions, such as security, work force management, logistics support and other applications that help our business subscribers improve
their productivity; and
- voice and data roaming services outside of our coverage areas.
As of December 31, 2016, Nextel Brazil had about 3 .638 million total subscriber units in commercial service, which we estimate to be about 5% of total
postpaid mobile handsets and other devices in commercial service in Brazil. We refer to these subscriber units in commercial service collectively as our
subscriber base.
Our goal is to grow our WCDMA-based subscriber base and revenues and manage the decline of our iDEN-based subscriber base and revenues by
providing differentiated wireless communications services that are valued by our existing and potential subscribers. We are also striving to manage our
capital and operating expenditures in the near term and improve our proﬁtability and cash ﬂow over the long term. Our strategy for achieving these goals is
based on several core principles, including:
- aligning our costs with our current business through continuous evaluation and streamlining of all capital and operating expenditures;
- focusing on higher value customer segments that generate higher average revenue per user, or ARPU, and lower subscriber turnover;
29