a. The wireless industry in Brazil is highly competitive, making it difficult for us to attract and retain customers. If we are unable to attract and retain
customers, our ﬁnancial performance will be impaired.
Competition among telecommunications service providers in Brazil is intense as multiple carriers seek to attract and retain customers. Some of the
factors contributing to this competitive environment include the current economic environment in Brazil; a higher relative penetration of wireless services
compared to historic levels, which drives more aggressive competition as competitors seek to attract and retain customers that support the growth of their
businesses in a more saturated market; the development and availability of new products and services, including services supported by new technologies;
and the entry of new competitors. We also expect the current trend of alliances, cost-sharing arrangements and consolidation in the wireless and
communications industries to continue as companies respond to the need for cost reduction and additional spectrum. This trend may result in the creation of
larger and more efficient competitors with greater ﬁnancial, technical, promotional and other resources to compete with our businesses. In addition, as we
continue to pursue our plans to expand our marketing and sales focus on consumers, we will be increasingly seeking to attract customers in segments that
have historically been predominantly served by our competitors, many of which are larger companies with more extensive networks, ﬁnancial resources and
beneﬁts of scale that allow them to spend more money on marketing and advertising than us and to exploit scale advantages that allow them to offer products
and services at a lower cost.
In order to obtain a competitive advantage, our competitors have, among other things:
- provided discounted or free airtime or other services;
- provided increased handset subsidies;
- offered higher commissions to distributors;
- offered a broader range of handsets and, in some cases, offered those handsets through exclusivity periods;
- expanded their networks to provide more extensive network coverage;
- developed and deployed networks that use new technologies and support new or improved services;
- offered incentives to larger customers to switch service providers, including reimbursement of cancellation fees; and
- offered bundled telecommunications services that include local, long distance and data services.
In addition, number portability requirements, which enable customers to switch wireless providers without changing their wireless numbers, have been
implemented in Brazil, making it easier for wireless providers to effectively target and attract their competitors' customers.
The competitive environment in Brazil and competitive strategies of our competitors, including recent price competition, will put pressure on the
prices we can charge for our services and for handsets and other devices that we sell in connection with our service offerings. These developments and actions
by our competitors could continue to negatively impact our ARPU, our operating results and our ability to attract and retain customers. If we are unable to
respond to competition and compensate for declining prices by adding new customers, increasing usage and offering new services, our revenues and
proﬁtability could continue to decline.
b. Competition and technological changes in the market for wireless services, including competition driven by our competitors’ deployment of long-term
evolution or other advanced technologies, could negatively affect our average revenue per subscriber, customer turnover, operating costs and our
ability to attract new subscribers, resulting in adverse effects on our revenues, future cash ﬂows, growth and proﬁtability. If we do not keep pace with
rapid technological changes or if we fail to oﬂer new services in a manner that delivers a quality customer experience, we may not be able to attract
and retain customers.
The wireless telecommunications industry is experiencing signiﬁcant technological change. Spending by our competitors on new wireless services and
network improvements could enable them to obtain a competitive advantage with new technologies or enhancements that we do not offer. Rapid change in
technology may lead to the development of wireless communications technologies that support products or services that consumers prefer over the products
or services that we offer. If we are unable to keep pace with future advances in competing technologies on a timely basis, or at an acceptable cost, we may not
be able to compete effectively and could lose subscribers to our competitors.
12