NII HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
$5.4 million in escrow was released to us, and we entered into a mutual release agreement with Grupo Clarin for all current and future claims. As a result, we
have no further obligations in connection with this transaction.
Sale of Nextel Mexico. On April 30, 2015 , we, together with our wholly-owned subsidiary NIU Holdings LLC, completed the sale of our Mexican
operations to New Cingular \Vlreless, an indirect subsidiary of AT&T. The transaction was structured as a sale of all of the outstanding stock of the parent
company of Comunicaciones Nextel de Mexico, SA. de C.V., or Nextel Mexico, for a purchase price of $1.875 billion, including $187.5 million deposited in
escrow to satisfy potential indemniﬁcation claims. The net proceeds from this sale were $1.448 billion after deducting Nextel Mexico's outstanding
indebtedness and applying other speciﬁed purchase price adjustments. As of December 31, 2016, we paid $4.2 million out of escrow to settle an
indemniﬁcation claim, and in exchange, New Cingular Wireless released $20.0 million of the escrow to us. As of December 31, 2016, $163.4 million
remained in escrow. To the extent there are no outstanding claims, we expect the remaining amount held in escrow will be released to us in early May 2017. If
any new claims are submitted in the ﬁiture, the amount and timing of the release of the remaining funds in escrow could be impacted.
We are currently subject to various ongoing tax audits by the federal tax authorities in Mexico related to certain years prior to the sale of Nextel Mexico
for which we have indemniﬁed New Cingular \Vireless. To date, we have received one assessment in the amount of $10.0 million that we are vigorously
disputing through an administrative appeals process. In addition, as of December 31, 2016, we accrued $2.9 million related to certain of the preliminary
ﬁndings by the federal tax authorities in Mexico. We currently estimate the range of reasonably possible losses, excluding penalties and interest, related to
these preliminary ﬁndings, for which we have not accrued liabilities as they are not deemed probable, to be between zero and approximately $60.0 million.
Sale of Nextel Chile. In August 2014, our wholly-owned subsidiaries NII Mercosur Telecom, S.L., NII Mercosur Moviles, S.L. and NH International
Telecom S.C.A. completed the sale of all of the outstanding equity interests of our wholly-owned subsidiary, Nextel Chile S.A., or Nextel Chile, to Fucata,
SA, a venture comprised of Grupo Veintitres and Optimum Advisors, for a de minimus amount.
Sale of Nextel Peru. In August 2013, our wholly-owned subsidiaries NII Mercosur Telecom, S.L. and N11 Mercosur Moviles, S.L., completed the sale of
all of the outstanding equity interests of our wholly-owned subsidiary, Nextel del Peru, S.A., or Nextel Peru, to Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones
SA. and one of its subsidiaries, Entel Inversiones, S.A., which we refer to collectively as Entel. In connection with this sale, $50.0 million was placed in
escrow. Through December 31, 2015, we paid $15.6 million in response to certain claims. In December 2016, we paid $17.3 million out of the escrow account
to settle all outstanding claims with Entel, and the remaining $17.1 million in escrow was released to us. As a result, Entel released us from all current and
future indemniﬁcation obligations, and we have no ﬁirther obligations in connection with this transaction.
In connection with the sale of Nextel Argentina, Nextel Mexico, Nextel Chile and Nextel Peru, we have reported the results of these operating
companies as discontinued operations in this annual report on Form 10-K. Accordingly, we reclassiﬁed the results of operations for these former operating
companies as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Unless otherwise noted, amounts included in these notes to our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements exclude amounts attributable to discontinued operations. The major components of income (loss) from discontinued operations related to Nextel
Argentina, Nextel Mexico, Nextel Chile and Nextel Peru were as follows (in thousands):
F-27