- our ability to successfully manage and support our legacy iDEN network in Brazil;
- equipment failure, natural disasters, terrorist acts or other breaches of network or information technology security; and
- other risks and uncertainties described in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors," in this annual report on Form 10-K and, from time to time, in our other
reports ﬁled with the SEC.
Introduction
The following is a discussion and analysis of:
- our consolidated ﬁnancial condition as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 and our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December
31, 2016, for the six-month periods ended December 31, 2015 and June 30, 2015, for the combined twelve-month period ended December 31,
2015 and for the year ended December 31, 2014; and
- signiﬁcant factors which we believe could affect our prospective ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
Historical results may not indicate future performance. See “Item 1A. — Risk Factors” for risks and uncertainties that may impact our future
performance.
We refer to our wholly-owned Brazilian operating company, Nextel Telecomunicacoes Ltda., as Nextel Brazil.
A. Executive Overview
Business Update
Leading up to 2014, our results of operations, including our operating revenues and operating cash ﬂows, were negatively affected by a number of
factors, including signiﬁcant deterioration in economic conditions in Brazil, increased competitive pressure, the overall depreciation of the value of the
Brazilian real relative to the US. dollar, and the decline in our iDEN subscriber base resulting from the limited digital services available on our legacy iDEN
network. These and other factors resulted in a reduction in our subscriber growth and revenues at a time when our costs reﬂected the operation of both of our
networks and had a signiﬁcant negative impact on our results and our ability to grow our revenue base to a level sufﬁcient to reach the scale required to
generate positive operating income.
As a result, in 2014, we concluded that we were not able to maintain sufﬁcient liquidity to support our business plan and repay our debts when they
come due, including $4.35 billion of senior notes issued by NII International Telecom, S.C.A., or NIIT, and N11 Capital Corp. On September 15, 2014, we and
eight of our US. and Luxembourg-domiciled subsidiaries, ﬁled voluntary petitions seeking relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States
Bankruptcy Code, which we refer to as Chapter 11, in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York, which we refer to as the
Bankruptcy Court. Subsequent to September 15, 2014, ﬁve additional subsidiaries ﬁled voluntary petitions seeking relief under Chapter 11 in the
Bankruptcy Court. On June 26, 2015, we and the other Debtors emerged from the Chapter 11 proceedings. Our operating subsidiaries in Brazil, Mexico and
Argentina were not debtors in the Chapter 11 cases. See Note 3 to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements for more information regarding the impact of the
implementation of the Plan of Reorganization.
In accordance with the requirements of reorganization accounting, NII Holdings adopted the provisions of fresh start accounting as of June 30, 2015
and became a new entity for ﬁnancial reporting purposes. References to the "Successor Company" relate to NII Holdings on or subsequent to June 30, 2015.
References to the "Predecessor Company" relate to NH Holdings prior to June 30, 2015 .
On January 27, 2016, two of our indirect subsidiaries completed the sale of our Argentine operations to Grupo Clarin. The transaction was structured as
a sale of all of the outstanding equity interests of Nextel Communications Argentina, S.R.L., or Nextel Argentina, for an aggregate purchase price of $178.0
million, including $6.0 million deposited in escrow to satisfy potential indemniﬁcation claims. In the second half of 2016, $5.4 million of the escrow was
released back to us, and we have no further obligations in connection with this transaction.
On April 30, 2015, we, together with one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, completed the sale of our Mexican operations to New Cingular \Vireless, an
indirect subsidiary of AT&T. The transaction was structured as a sale of all the outstanding stock of the parent company of Comunicaciones Nextel de
Mexico, SA. de C.V., or Nextel Mexico, for a purchase price of $1.875 billion, including $187.5 million deposited in escrow to satisfy potential
indemniﬁcation claims. The net proceeds of the sale were $1.448 billion after deducting Nextel Mexico's outstanding indebtedness and applying other
speciﬁed price adjustments.
28