° $10.8 million in restructuring charges primarily related to future lease costs for certain transmitter and receiver sites that are no longer required in
Nextel Brazil's business and ofﬁce closures; and
° $3.2 million in severance and other related costs at the corporate level as a result of the separation of employees in an effort to further streamline our
organizational structure and reduce general and administrative expenses.
In addition, in connection with the RAN sharing agreement mentioned above, Nextel Brazil expects to use this agreement to fulﬁll the regulatory
coverage obligations under its spectrum licenses rather than utilizing its own network. We expect to incur restructuring costs of approximately $30.0 million
in 2017 in connection with the termination of an additional 1,400 transmitter and receiver sites in low-usage areas.
Aportion of the restructuring charges described above relates to the removal of certain iDEN transmitter and receiver sites in locations where we have
excess capacity in an effort to reduce iDEN-related costs. We plan to continue to remove iDEN transmitter and receiver sites that are no longer necessary,
which will result in additional restructuring charges.
Consolidated impairment, restructuring and other charges recognized for the combined period ended December 31, 2015 primarily related to the
following:
° $43.7 million in non-cash asset impairment charges, the majority of which related to the shutdown or abandonment of transmitter and receiver sites
and the discontinuation of certain information technology projects in Brazil;
- $14.4 million in severance and other related costs incurred in Brazil and at the corporate level resulting from the separation of employees in an effort
to streamline our organizational structure and reduce general and administrative expenses; and
° $8.4 million in restructuring charges in Brazil related to future lease costs for certain transmitter and receiver sites that are no longer necessary in our
business plan.
2. Depreciation and amortization
The $66.9 million, or 28%, decrease in consolidated depreciation and amortization on a reported basis, and the 25% decrease on a constant currency
basis, for 2016 compared to the combined period ended December 31, 2015 was principally the result of a decrease in the value of Nextel Brazil's property,
plant and equipment in connection with the implementation of fresh start accounting in 2015 and the $1.34 billion non—cash asset impairment charge we
recognized in 2016. As a result of the impairment charge we recognized in 2016, we expect consolidated depreciation and amortization to continue to
decrease in future periods relative to 2016. See Note 4 to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements for more information on this impairment charge.
3. Interest expense, net
Consolidated net interest expense decreased $24.7 million, or 18%, on a reported basis, and 13% on a constant currency basis, for 2016 compared to
combined period ended December 31, 2015 primarily as a result of principal payments related to Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility and local bank
loans, and the revaluation of some of our capital leases in connection with the implementation of fresh start accounting.
4. Foreign currency transaction gains (losses), net
Consolidated foreign currency transaction gains of $76.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2016 were primarily due to the appreciation in
the value of the Brazilian real relative to the U.S. dollar during 2016 on Nextel Brazil's U.S. dollar-denominated net liabilities.
Consolidated foreign currency transaction losses of $163.7 million during the combined period ended December 31, 2015 were largely the result of the
impact of the depreciation in the value of the Brazilian real relative to the U.S. dollar during the combined period ended December 31, 2015 on Nextel
Brazil's U.S. dollar-denominated net liabilities.
5. Reorganization items
Reorganization items of $1,958.3 million in 2015 were primarily related to the $1,775.8 million gain we recognized in connection with the settlement
of our liabilities subject to compromise upon our emergence from Chapter 11 and a $261.8 million
35