Our Networks and Wireless Technologies
We currently offer services supported by a network that utilizes WCDMA technology. WCDMA is a standards-based technology being deployed by
wireless carriers throughout the world that provides service capabilities such as high speed intemet access, increased network capacity and reduced costs for
voice and data services when compared to previous technologies.
In late 2010, Nextel Brazil participated in a series of spectrum auctions and was the successful bidder for 20 megahertz, or MHz, of spectrum in the
1.9/2.1 gigahertz, or GHz, spectrum bands in 11 of the 13 auction lots covering approximately 98% of the Brazlian population for $714.4 million based on
foreign currency exchange rates at the time. Nextel Brazil also successﬁilly bid on 20 MHz of spectrum in the 1.8 GHz band in Rio de Janeiro, Minas Gerais
and some states in the north and northeast regions of Brazil for a total bid price of approximately $121.7 million. Nextel Brazil is utilizing this 1.9/2.1 GHz
spectrum to support its WCDMA network and is utilizing the 1.8 GHz spectrum to support the deployment of the LTE—based network in Rio de Janeiro. The
licenses relating to the spectrum won by Nextel Brazil in the auction were granted in June 2011 and have a term of 15 years. These licenses are renewable
once for an additional 15-year period and require Nextel Brazil to meet speciﬁed network coverage construction requirements within speciﬁed timeframes. In
December 2015, Nextel Brazil participated in a spectrum auction and was the successful bidder for 30 MHz of spectrum in the 1.8 GHz band for 455.0 million
Brazilian reais, or approximately $116.7 million based on foreign currency exchange rates at the time. Nextel Brazil currently offers LT E services in Rio de
Janeiro, and starting in December 2016, in sao Paulo. These services are automatically available to subscribers with an existing mobile plan and compatible
smartphone.
As we continue to transition from our legacy iDEN network to our WCDMA network, we will evaluate ways in which we can use our 800 MHz spectrum
to support existing or new services. Our current 800 MHz spectrum holdings are largely contiguous, making it possible to use that spectrum to support future
technologies, including LTE-based technologies, if certain technical, operational and regulatory requirements are met, including, for example, the
availability of compatible network and subscriber equipment. The availability of that equipment will likely depend upon a number of factors, including the
technology decisions made by other wireless carriers and the willingness of infrastructure and device manufacturers to produce the required equipment.
We also continue to offer services supported by our network that utilizes the legacy iDEN technology developed and designed by Motorola. The iDEN
technology is a digital technology that is able to operate on non-contiguous spectrum frequencies, was previously usable only for two-way radio calls and is
a proprietary technology that relies solely on the efforts of Motorola and any ﬁiture licensees of this technology for product development and innovation.
The iDEN technology is also based on an earlier technology platform that is not capable of transmitting the volume of data at speeds that are supported by
current technologies like WCDMA. In addition, the more limited worldwide deployment of the iDEN technology makes services offered on the iDEN
network less attractive to subscribers who travel internationally because most of the iDEN handsets that we offer are currently designed to roam only on iDEN
wireless networks.
Sales and Distribution
Our target customers include consumer market segments that value our attractive pricing plans, high quality network and our superior level of customer
service, as well as the small, medium and large business markets that value our differentiated wireless communications, including our push—to-talk services.
We use a variety of distribution channels to reach our target customers, including direct sales representatives, indirect sales agents, retail stores and kiosks,
and other subscriber-convenient sales channels such as online purchasing. Nextel Brazil is continuously optimizing the mix of sales channels to take into
consideration the methods that best meet local subscriber preferences, most cost effectively sell and provide support to our different segments and facilitate
our overall strategy of attracting and retaining subscribers in our targeted segments.
We employ sales representatives who market our services directly to potential and existing customers. The focus of our direct sales force is primarily on
customers that value our industry expertise and differentiated services, as well as our ability to develop tailored custom communications capabilities that
meet the speciﬁc needs of these customers. We also utilize indirect sales agents, which mainly consist of local and national non-afﬁliated dealers that solicit
customers for our service and are generally paid through commissions. These dealers participate with Nextel Brazil's direct sales force in varying degrees in
pursuing each of our targeted customer groups.
Our sales channels also include distribution through subscriber-convenient channels, including telesales and sales through our Nextel retail stores,
shopping center kiosks and other locations. With the expansion of services on our WCDMA network, we have realigned these sales channels and locations
and have also expanded our marketing through regional and national retailers with store kiosks and handset and prepaid card distribution oﬁ‘ers. We also
utilize our website as a marketing tool that allows subscribers to compare our various rate plans and research our suite of products and services, including
handsets, accessories and special promotions. We use online purchases as an additional sales channel to allow subscribers to purchase our services directly. In
December 2016, Nextel Brazil launched Happy, a digital platform that allows customers to customize each aspect of their plan. Happy provides for the sale of
both broadband and voice mobile telecommunications services through one application without
7