any other statutory, common law, tort or contract claim that Employee had, has or may have against any of the Released Parties. This
release covers both claims that Employee knows about and those that Employee may not know about.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither party is releasing any right to enforce this Agreement, and Employee is not releasing:
(1) any vested qualiﬁed retirement beneﬁts under NH’s ERISA plan (although it does include a release of all claims to beneﬁts under
the Severance Plan); (2) the right to continuation in NII’s medical plans as provided by COBRA; (3) any claims for unemployment
compensation or workers compensation beneﬁts or other rights that may not be released as a matter of law; (4) any claims solely
relating the validity of this general release under the ADEA, as amended; (5) any non-waiveable right to ﬁle a charge with the US.
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission or
any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission (“Government Agencies”); or (6) any rights to indemniﬁcation
pursuant to NII’s or any successor company’s Certiﬁcate of Incorporation, Delaware General Corporation Law or the Director and
Ofﬁcer Indemniﬁcation Agreement between the Parties. If a government agency were to pursue any matters that are released herein,
Employee agrees that this Agreement will control as the exclusive remedy and ﬁtll settlement of all such claims by Employee for
money damages. However, Employee understands that this Agreement does not limit Employee’s ability to communicate with any
Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government
Agencies. This Agreement does not limit Employee’s right to receive an award for information provided to any Government Agencies.
Employee represents and warrants that Employee has no knowledge of any improper or illegal actions, misstatements or
omissions by NH, is not aware of any facts or evidence that could give rise to such a claim, nor does Employee know of any basis on
which any third party or governmental entity could assert such a claim. Employee further represents and warrants that he/she has
fulﬁlled Employee’s duties to NH to the best of Employee’s abilities and in a reasonable and prudent manner, and that Employee has
not knowingly engaged, directly or indirectly, in any actions or omissions that could be perceived as improper or unlawful, nor has
Employee failed to report any such actions or omissions to NH. Employee ﬁirther represents and warrants that he/she has been paid all
compensation due and owing ﬁom NII as a result of Employee’s work, that he/she has received all rights to which Employee is entitled
under the Family and Medical Leave Act, and that he/she is not suffering ﬁom any undisclosed illness or injury that would be
compensable under NII’s workers’ compensation insurance.
Employee hereby acknowledges and agrees that this release is a general release and that by signing this Agreement, he is
signing and agreeing to this release.
4. N,on:ReleasenfEutureﬂlaims
Employee understands and agrees that he is waiving any and all rights and claims under the ADEA. Employee agrees that his
waiver of these ADEA claims is knowing and voluntary, and understands that he is forever releasing any such claims that might have
arisen before the date of this Agreement. The parties agree that the decision to terminate Employee’s employment has been made prior
to the execution of this agreement.
5. Encouragement to Consult With Attorney
Employee has had the opportunity to consult with an attorney and has been encouraged to do so prior to executing this
Agreement.