While we have deployed and are offering services on our WCDMA network in Brazil and are continuing to expand and supplement that network,
including by offering services utilizing LTE technologies in $50 Paulo and Rio de Janeiro, our competitors in Brazil have launched nationwide new or
upgraded networks that use WCDMA and/or LTE technology and offer services that use high speed data transmission capabilities, including intemet access
and Video telephony. These and other future technological advancements may enable competitors to offer features or services we cannot provide or exceed
the quality of services we offer, thereby making our services less competitive. In addition, we may not be able to accurately predict technological trends or
the success of new services in the market. If our services fail to gain acceptance in the marketplace in the near term, or if costs associated with implementation
and completion of the introduction of these services materially increase, our ability to retain and attract customers could continue to be adversely affected.
In Brazil, our current 800 MHz spectrum holdings are largely contiguous, making it possible to use that spectrum to support ﬁiture technologies, if
certain technical, operational and regulatory requirements are met, including, for example, the availability of compatible network and subscriber equipment.
Although our spectrum holdings in Brazil are contiguous, they are not located in the same portion of the 800 MHz spectrum band that is currently being used
to support LTE network deployments elsewhere in the world including in the United States. Accordingly, it may be necessary to seek regulatory changes and
to reconﬁgure the spectrum band and our spectrum holdings for them to be used to efﬁciently support LTE technologies.
0. Most of our competitors are ﬁnancially stronger than we are, which limits our ability to compete based on price.
Because of their size, scale and resources, our competitors may be able to offer services to subscribers at prices that are below the prices that we can offer
for comparable services. Many of our competitors are well-established companies that have:
° substantially greater ﬁnancial and marketing resources;
0 larger customer bases;
0 larger spectrum positions;
0 higher proﬁtability and positive free cash ﬂow;
0 more access to ﬁnding, lower leverage and lower cost of ﬁnancing; and
0 larger service coverage areas than those of our operating companies.
If we cannot compete effectively based on the price of our service offerings and related cost structure, our results of operations may be adversely
affected.
d. We are dependent on our competitors for support services that are critical to our operations.
We rely on our competitors for certain support services that are critical to our operations. For example, the services that we provide on our WCDMA
network require signiﬁcantly greater data capacity than our iDEN network, and this higher capacity demand has made it necessary for us to obtain wireline or
other connecting circuits between elements of our network such as switches and transmitter and receiver sites that are capable of transporting a signiﬁcantly
higher volume of data trafﬁc. In some instances, the availability of those higher capacity circuits is limited, and in many cases, our access to those circuits is
controlled by entities that are afﬁliated with our competitors. Similarly, we have entered into roaming arrangements with one of our competitors that allow us
to expand the coverage of our WCDMA network in Brazil by allowing our subscribers to roam on that competitor's network in areas outside our coverage
area. Likewise, we have entered into a 10-year radio access network, or RAN, sharing agreement with the same competitor under which we are permitted to
use its tower and equipment infrastructure to transmit telecommunications signals on Nextel Brazil's spectrum. As a result, we are dependent on entities that
are or are afﬁliated with our competitors to provide us with the data transport services needed to support our networks and services, roaming services and
infrastructure that enhance our coverage area. Our ability to oﬁ‘er services and our results of operations could be adversely aﬁ‘ected if those entities were to
allocate limited transport or network capacity to other customers including their wireless afﬁliates or otherwise make it more difﬁcult for us to obtain the
necessary transport and roaming capacity to support our networks and services.
e. If there is a substantial increase in our customer turnover rate, our business could be negatively affected.
In recent years, we have experienced higher customer turnover rates compared to earlier periods, which resulted primarily from the combined impact of
weaker economic conditions and a more competitive sales environment in Brazil. In addition, there has been a signiﬁcant increase in our customer turnover
rate for subscribers to services on our iDEN network as customers
13