7. Our business could be negatively impacted by our reliance on indirect distribution channels for a significant portion of our sales.
Our business depends upon third party distribution channels for securing a portion of the new customers to our services. In some instances, we rely on
these third party dealers and retailers to serve as the primary contact between us and the customer and to interact with other third parties on our behalf. As a
result, there may be risks associated with the actions taken by our distributors or the operators of our other retail channels, including potential risks associated
with the failure of our distributors or other retail channels to follow regulatory requirements. The volume of our new customer additions, our ability to retain
customers and our proﬁtability could also be adversely affected if these third party dealers or retailers terminate their relationship with us, if there are adverse
changes in our relationships with them, if we alter our compensation arrangements with these dealers or retailers or if the ﬁnancial condition of these dealers
or retailers deteriorates.
8. If our licenses to provide mobile services are not renewed, or are modiﬁed or revoked, our business may be restricted.
Wireless communications licenses and spectrum allocations are subject to ongoing review and, in some cases, to modiﬁcation or early termination for
failure to comply with applicable regulations. IfNextel Brazil fails to comply with the terms of its licenses and other regulatory requirements, including
installation deadlines and minimum loading or service availability requirements, they could be ﬁned or their licenses could be revoked. This is particularly
true with respect to the grants of licenses for spectrum we use to support our WCDMA network in Brazil, which impose strict deadlines for the construction of
network infrastructure and supporting systems as a condition of the license. We expect that when we complete the implementation of our RAN sharing
agreement with Telefonica, Nextel Brazil will be in compliance with the applicable operational requirements of its licenses in all material respects. Further,
compliance with these requirements is a condition for eligibility for license renewal. Most of our wireless communications licenses have ﬁxed terms and are
not renewed automatically. Because governmental authorities have discretion to grant or renew licenses, our licenses may not be renewed or, if renewed,
renewal may not be on acceptable economic terms. In addition, regulations in Brazil permit third parties, including our competitors, to challenge the award
and use of our licenses. If our competitors are successful in pursuing claims such as these, or if regulators in Brazil take actions modifying or revoking our
licenses in response to these claims, our ability to grow our business and improve our results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
9. If we are not able to manage changes to our business, our operating results will suﬁ’er.
Our ability to achieve our long-range business goals and to grow proﬁtably is dependent on our ability to manage changes to our business model and
cost structure that are necessary to allow us to pursue our plans to expand both our service offerings and our targeted customer segments, including by
implementing new and more efﬁcient supporting business systems and processes. Our inability to complete these efforts in a timely fashion, or to manage the
related costs, could have an adverse impact on our business.
a. We may be limited in our ability to grow unless we successfully expand network capacity and launch competitive services.
To continue to successfully retain our existing customers, increase our customer base and grow our business, we must economically:
° expand the capacity and coverage of our network in Brazil;
° secure sufficient transmitter and receiver sites at appropriate locations to meet planned system coverage and capacity targets;
- obtain adequate quantities of base radios and other system infrastructure equipment; and
- obtain an adequate volume and mix of handsets to meet customer demand.
In particular, the deployment and expansion of the coverage and capacity of our WCDMA network and the deployment of LTE technology in Brazil
has required us to deploy new transmitter and receiver sites in order to meet the expanded coverage and capacity requirements for those networks resulting
from differences in our commercial strategies, differences in the propagation characteristics of the spectrum bands being used to support our network in Brazil
and the coverage requirements associated with the spectrum licenses being utilized to support our services. In some areas that we serve, individuals and
governments are opposing new tower construction and supporting laws restricting the construction of towers and other transmitter and receiver sites.
Compliance with such laws could increase the time and costs associated with our planned network deployments. The effort required
1 8