- establish restrictions that limit or otherwise affect the deployment of transmitter and receiver sites needed to support the coverage and capacity of
our networks;
- establish minimum network construction, coverage or quality of service obligations that can result in increased capital investments or require other
changes to our business;
- establish prices Nextel Brazil is required to charge for its services or impose other terms of service that can affect our revenues or costs; or
- impose foreign ownership limitations on telecommunications providers that may affect our ability to own and operate our business.
There has also been an increased focus on service and quality standards in Brazil as the local government monitors telecommunications providers' voice
quality, customer complaints, call failure rates, capacity to handle call trafﬁc levels in peak calling periods and failed interconnection of calls, which could
potentially increase our operating costs and affect rates charged to subscribers. In addition, regulations in Brazil permit third parties, including our
competitors, to challenge our actions or decisions of the regulators that potentially beneﬁt us, such as decisions regarding the allocation and licensing of
spectrum. If our competitors are successﬁil in pursuing claims such as these, or if the regulators in Brazil take actions against us in response to actions
initiated by our competitors, our ability to grow our business and improve our results of operations could be adversely affected.
Finally, rules and regulations affecting placement and construction of our transmitter and receiver sites affect our ability to deploy and operate our
networks, and therefore impact our business strategies. In some instances, local governments have adopted very stringent rules and regulations related to the
placement and construction of wireless towers, which can signiﬁcantly impede the planned expansion of our service coverage area or require us to remove or
modify existing towers, which can result in unplanned costs, negatively impact network performance and impose new and onerous taxes and fees.
Compliance with such laws, rules and regulations could increase the time and costs associated with our planned network deployments. The propagation
characteristics of the spectrum bands being used to support our WCDMA network in Brazil and the coverage requirements associated with the spectrum
licenses being utilized in Brazil, require substantially more transmitter and receiver sites to meet the minimum coverage requirements of those licenses and to
provide coverage to the areas needed to provide competitive services. In addition, our licenses in Brazil require us to build our networks within prescribed
time periods, and failure to meet the requirements may result in enforcement of performance bonds related to the licenses, forfeiture of the channels and
revocation of licenses. Rules and regulations affecting tower placement and construction could make it difficult to meet our build requirements in a timely
manner or at all, which could lead us to incur unplanned costs or result in ﬁnes or, in some instances, the loss of spectrum licenses. We expect that when we
complete the implementation of our radio access network, or RAN, sharing agreement with Telefonica, under which Telefonica permits Nextel Brazil to use
some of its tower and equipment infrastructure to transmit telecommunications signals on Nextel Brazil's spectrum, Nextel Brazil will be in compliance with
the applicable operational requirements of its licenses in all material respects.
d. We pay signiﬁcant import duties on our network equipment and handsets, and any increases could impact our ﬁnancial results.
Our operations are highly dependent upon the successful and cost-efﬁcient importation of network equipment and handsets and other devices from
locations outside Brazil. Network equipment and handsets may be subject to signiﬁcant import duties and other taxes. Any signiﬁcant increase in import
duties in the ﬁiture could signiﬁcantly increase our costs. To the extent we cannot pass these costs on to our customers, our ﬁnancial results will be
negatively impacted.
e. We are subject to taxes, which may reduce the revenues of our operating subsidiary in Brazil, reduce the amounts we receive from Nextel Brazil or may
increase our tax costs.
The government in Brazil, including the local municipalities, has increasingly turned to new taxes, as well as aggressive interpretations of current tax
law, as a method of increasing revenue. For example, Nextel Brazil is required to pay two types of income taxes, which include a corporate income tax and a
social contribution tax, and is subject to various types of non-income related taxes, including value-added tax, excise tax, service tax, importation tax and
property tax. In addition, the reduction in tax revenues resulting from the economic downturn that has occurred in the last several years has led to proposals
and new laws that increase the taxes imposed on sales of handsets and on telecommunications services. The provisions of new tax laws may attempt to
prohibit us from passing these taxes on to our customers or our ability to do so may be limited by competitive conditions. These taxes may reduce the amount
of earnings that we can generate from our services or in some cases may result in operating losses.
Distributions of earnings and other payments, including interest, received from Nextel Brazil may be subject to withholding taxes imposed by Brazil.
Any of these taxes will reduce the amount of after-tax cash we can receive from our operations.
16