NII HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATENIENTS
which reﬂects signiﬁcant uncertainty about the economic and competitive conditions in Brazil that are currently impacting our ability to increase our
revenues and generate proﬁtability, we believe it is unlikely that we will satisfy the applicable ﬁnancial covenants included in Nextel Brazil's equipment
ﬁnancing facility as of the next measurement date at December 31, 2017.
In connection with our acceptance of the govemment-provided spectrum ﬁnancing discussed below, we are in the process of securing waivers from the
lender of Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility to permit Nextel Brazil to incur and maintain this spectrum ﬁnancing. In addition, we have requested
waivers of an event of default that resulted from a failure to timely notify this lender of a permitted merger that occurred between two guarantors in Brazil. As
a result of either of these events of default, the lender of Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility could provide notice to declare the amounts outstanding
under this facility due and payable. Because of these events of default, we have continued to classify the amount outstanding under this facility as a current
liability in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2016, we had $293 .6 million in principal amount outstanding under
Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility. We do not have the ability to borrow additional amounts under this facility.
Brazil Bank Loans. In December 2011, Nextel Brazil borrowed the equivalent of $341.2 million from a Brazilian bank and utilized the proceeds of this
borrowing to repay a portion of the unpaid purchase price relating to the spectrum it acquired in June 2011. Because this loan is denominated in Brazilian
reais, the payments for principal and interest will ﬂuctuate in US. dollars based on changes in the exchange rate of the Brazilian real relative to the
US. dollar. In October 2012, Nextel Brazil entered into an additional Brazilian real-denominated bank loan agreement, under which Nextel Brazil borrowed
the equivalent of approximately $196.9 million.
In February 2015, Nextel Brazil and the lenders providing the local bank loans entered into standstill agreements under which the lenders agreed that
they would not seek remedies under the provisions of the agreements related to Nextel Brazil's failure to satisfy the ﬁnancial covenants in the loan
agreements in the period before September 15, 2015 and that further principal repayment obligations due between the signing date and September 15 , 2015
would be suspended. In addition, the standstill agreements formally committed the lenders to sign further amendments to the terms of the local bank loans.
Among other things, the amendments revised the ﬁnancial covenants and principal repayment schedule for the loans, granted the lenders a security interest
over amounts held in certain collection accounts maintained with each lender and increased the interest margin on the loans from approximately 115% of the
local Brazilian borrowing rate to approximately 140% of this local rate. Certain of these amendments were implemented in connection with the standstill
agreements and the remainder became effective in connection with our emergence from Chapter 11 proceedings. Subsequent to the amendments, both of
these loan agreements have ﬂoating interest rates equal to 139.54% of the local Brazilian borrowing rate (19.05% and 19.74% as of December 31, 2016 and
2015, respectively), have monthly repayment terms that began in June 2016 and a ﬁnal maturity of October 2019.
The amendments provided for a "covenant holiday" through December 31, 2015, during which time we were not required to comply with the ﬁnancial
covenants outlined in Nextel Brazil's local bank loan agreements. In August 2016, Nextel Brazil secured waivers from the lenders of its local bank loans
related to this ﬁnancial covenant for the June 30, 2016 measurement date. In February 2017, Nextel Brazil secured additional waivers from the lenders of
these loans related to this ﬁnancial covenant as of December 31, 2016. The waivers also provide for a "covenant holiday" inclusive of the June 30, 2017
testing period, during which time no compliance will be required with respect to the net debt ﬁnancial covenant. Starting on December 31, 2017, and on each
six-month anniversary thereafter, Nextel Brazil must maintain a net debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, ratio
over the trailing 12 months of no greater than 2.5. In February 2017, Nextel Brazil and the lenders of our local bank loans entered into amendments to these
loan agreements. The amendments provide, among other things, a 120-day standstill period, effective March 2, 2017, during which time no amortization
payments will be required with respect to the related loans while Nextel Brazil seeks to negotiate long-term modiﬁcations of the ﬁnancing arrangements,
including potential further extensions of the existing amortization relief. To the extent Nextel Brazil is unable to agree on long-term amendments by July
2017, we will be required to make catch-up principal payments totaling 84.4 million Brazilian reais, or approximately $25.2 million based on current foreign
currency exchange rates, followed by the resumption of the amortization schedule contained in the amended agreements.
Based on our current outlook, we believe it is unlikely that we will satisfy one of the applicable ﬁnancial covenants included in both of Nextel Brazil's
local bank loan agreements as of the next measurement date at December 31, 2017. If we are unable to negotiate amendments to the existing loan agreements
or secure waivers from the lenders, we could be in default. If a default occurs, the lenders could require us to repay the amounts outstanding under these
arrangements. As a result of this uncertainty, we have continued to classify the amounts outstanding under Nextel Brazil's local bank loans as current
liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2016, we had $237.4 million principal amount outstanding under
Nextel Brazil's local bank loans.
F—29