- utilizing the most proﬁtable sales channels;
- offering a unique and superior customer experience, including a reliable and high quality wireless network and online self-care and rate plan
ﬂexibility; and
° building on the strength of the unique positioning of the Nextel brand.
To support our business plan, we have made signiﬁcant capital and other investments as we deployed our WCDMA network and LTE upgrade. These
investments have increased our costs and negatively impacted our proﬁtability and are expected to continue to have that impact as we incur the ﬁxed costs
associated with our network while building the subscriber base it serves. However, we believe that our investments have enhanced, and will continue to
enhance, the competitiveness of our service offerings while continuing to support the differentiated services and superior customer service that have
historically been signiﬁcant factors supporting our business.
As a result of the weak economy and challenging competitive environment in Brazil, we implemented and will continue to implement changes in our
business to better align our organization and costs with our operational and ﬁnancial results. These have included changes to our leadership team in Brazil in
2015, lower investments in costs to support subscriber growth, signiﬁcant reductions in our headquarters staff through the reorganization of the roles and
responsibilities of both our Brazil and corporate teams, and headcount reductions in Brazil, all of which are designed to reduce costs while maintaining the
support necessary to meet our subscribers' needs. While some of these initiatives have led to better operating results, the challenges we face in Brazil, together
with our debt service requirements, are placing signiﬁcant pressure on our ability to fund our business beyond the ﬁrst quarter of 2018. As a result, in
February 2017, we and the lenders of our local bank loans in Brazil entered into amendments to these loan agreements under which principal payments will
be suspended for four months while we seek to obtain long-term modiﬁcations of the ﬁnancing arrangements, including potential ﬁirther extensions of the
existing amortization relief. In addition, last year, we hired a third party investment adviser to actively explore strategic options to provide sources of ﬁnding
that will allow us to meet our ﬁiture obligations or ﬁnd a buyer for our company. While we continue to be focused on effectively managing our business in
Brazil, the long-term viability of our business is dependent on the successful outcome of one or more of the external processes described above.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of our consolidated ﬁnancial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the US. requires us to make
estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in those ﬁnancial statements and accompanying notes. We consider the accounting policies and
estimates addressed below to be the most important to our ﬁnancial position and results of operations, either because of the signiﬁcance of the ﬁnancial
statement item or because they require the exercise of signiﬁcant judgment and/or use of signiﬁcant estimates. Although we believe that the estimates we use
are reasonable, due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making those estimates, actual results reported in ﬁiture periods could differ from those estimates.
Revenue Recognition. While our revenue recognition policy does not require the exercise of signiﬁcant judgment or the use of signiﬁcant estimates,
we believe that our policy is signiﬁcant as revenue is a key component of our results of operations.
Operating revenues primarily consist of wireless service revenues and revenues generated from the sale of handsets and accessories. We present our
operating revenues net of value-added taxes, but we include certain revenue-based taxes that are our primary obligation.
Service revenues primarily consist of ﬁxed monthly access charges. Other components of service revenue include revenues from calling party pays
programs, variable charges for usage in excess of plan minutes or data in excess of plan limits, long-distance charges, international roaming revenues derived
from calls placed by our subscribers on other carriers’ networks and revenues generated from broadband data services we provide on our WCDMA network.
We recognize service revenue as service is provided, net of credits and adjustments for service discounts and value-added taxes. We recognize excess usage,
local, long distance and calling party pays revenue at contractual rates per minute as minutes are used. We record cash received in excess of revenues earned
as deferred revenues. We recognize handset revenue when title and risk of loss passes to the customer.
Other revenues primarily include amounts generated from our handset maintenance programs, roaming revenues generated from other companies’
subscribers that roam on our networks and co-location rental revenues from third party tenants that rent space on our transmitter and receiver sites, which we
also refer to as communication towers or towers, although in some instances these towers are located on rooftops and other structures. We recognize revenue
generated from our handset maintenance programs on a monthly basis at ﬁxed amounts over the service period. We recognize roaming revenues at
contractual rates per minute as minutes are used. We recognize co-location revenues from third party tenants on a monthly basis based on the terms set by the
underlying agreements.
30