Allowance for Doubtful Accounts. We establish an allowance for doubtful accounts receivable sufficient to cover probable and reasonably estimable
losses. We estimate this allowance based on historical experience, aging of accounts receivable and collections trends. Actual write-offs in the ﬁiture could be
impacted by general economic and business conditions, as well as ﬂuctuations in subscriber deactivations, that are difficult to predict and therefore may
differ from our estimates. A 10% increase in our consolidated allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2016 would have resulted in $5.4 million
of additional bad debt expense for the year ended December 31, 2016.
Depreciation of Property, Plant and Equipment. We record our network assets and other improvements that extend the useﬁJl lives of the underlying
assets at cost and depreciate those assets over their estimated useful lives with the exception of property, plant and equipment owned as of the date of our
implementation of fresh start accounting. As of June 30, 2015, as a result of the application of fresh start accounting in connection with our emergence from
Chapter 11, we adjusted all existing property, plant and equipment to its estimated fair value and revised the associated depreciable lives. See Note 3 to our
consolidated ﬁnancial statements for more information. We calculate depreciation using the straight-line method based on estimated useful lives ranging
from 3 to 30 years for network equipment, communication towers and network software and 3 to 10 years for software, office equipment, furniture and
ﬁxtures, and other, which includes non-network internal use software. We amortize leasehold improvements over the shorter of the lease terms or the useful
lives of the improvements. Our networks are highly complex and, due to constant innovation and enhancements, certain components of those networks may
lose their utility sooner than expected. We periodically reassess the economic life of these components and make adjustments to their useful lives after
considering historical experience and capacity requirements, consulting with the vendor and assessing new product and market demands and other factors.
When our assessment indicates that the economic life of a network component is shorter than originally anticipated, we depreciate its remaining book value
over its revised useful life. Further, the deployment of any new technologies could adversely affect the estimated remaining useful lives of our network assets,
which could signiﬁcantly impact future results of operations.
Amortization of Intangible Assets. Prior to the implementation of fresh start accounting in connection with our emergence from Chapter 11, our
intangible assets primarily consisted of our telecommunications licenses. As a result of the implementation of fresh start accounting in connection with our
emergence from Chapter 11, we recorded our intangible assets, which consisted of our telecommunications licenses, our exclusive right to use the Nextel
tradename in Brazil and our customer relationships, at their estimated fair values. We calculate amortization on our licenses and our tradename using the
straight-line method based on estimated useful lives of 26 to 30 years. We calculate amortization on our customer relationships using the straight—line
method based on an estimated useﬁal life of 4 years. While the terms of our licenses, including renewals, range from 10 to 40 years, the political and
regulatory environment in Brazil is continuously changing and, as a result, the cost of renewing our licenses beyond that range could be signiﬁcant. In
addition, the wireless telecommunications industry is experiencing signiﬁcant technological change, and the commercial life of any particular technology is
difﬁcult to predict. In light of these uncertainties, we classify our licenses as deﬁnite lived intangible assets. Many of our licenses are subject to renewal after
the initial term, provided that we have complied with applicable rules and policies in each of our markets. We intend to comply, and believe we have
complied, with these rules and policies in all material respects as they relate to licenses that are material to our business. However, because governmental
authorities have discretion as to the renewal of licenses, our licenses may not be renewed or we may be required to pay signiﬁcant renewal fees, either of
which could have a signiﬁcant impact on the estimated useful lives of our licenses, which could signiﬁcantly impact ﬁlture results of operations. As a result
of the implementation of fresh start accounting, we revised the remaining estimated useful lives of our licenses to include renewal periods in cases where it is
probable that a renewal will occur.
Valuation of Long-Lived Assets. We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount may not be recoverable. If the total of the expected undiscounted future cash ﬂows is less than the carrying value of our assets, we recognize a loss for
the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value of the assets.
During 2016, we reviewed our Nextel Brazil segment for potential impairment. While we are focused on effectively managing our business in Brazil, we
are also considering potential strategic alternatives with third parties. Taking into consideration the current macroeconomic conditions in Brazil, our history
of operating losses and the available sources of capital to fund our business plan, we currently believe that the most likely outcome for the future of our
business is the sale of Nextel Brazil. During 2016, we compared the carrying value of Nextel Brazil's long-lived assets to our estimate of undiscounted future
cash ﬂows. Our estimate of undiscounted ﬁlture cash ﬂows was probability-weighted and took into consideration our ability to obtain capital necessary to
ﬁnd our business plan. In addition, we assumed that the proceeds from any potential sale of Nextel Brazil would be signiﬁcantly less than its carrying value.
Based on our estimates, we determined that the carrying value of our Nextel Brazil segment was not fully recoverable.
As a result, in 2016, we recorded a non-cash asset impairment charge of $1.34 billion to reduce the carrying values of Nextel Brazil's long-lived assets
to their respective fair values. We estimated the fair value of our Nextel Brazil segment using a market approach. While we may ultimately complete a sale
with a third party that is valued at more or less than our current market value, we estimated the fair value of our equity based on our market capitalization and
combined it with the fair value of our outstanding debt obligations to determine the impairment charge. See Note 8 to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements
for more information
3 l