Impairment, Restructuring and Other Charges. During 2016, we reviewed our Nextel Brazil segment for potential impairment. While we are focused
on effectively managing our business in Brazil, we are also considering potential strategic alternatives with third parties. Taking into consideration the
current macroeconomic conditions in Brazil, our history of operating losses and the available sources of capital to fund our business plan, we currently
believe that the most likely outcome for the ﬁiture of our business is the sale of Nextel Brazil. During 2016, we compared the carrying value of Nextel Brazil's
long-lived assets to our estimate of undiscounted ﬁiture cash ﬂows. Our estimate of undiscounted future cash ﬂows was probability-weighted and took into
consideration our ability to obtain capital necessary to fund our business plan. In addition, we assumed that the proceeds from any potential sale of Nextel
Brazil would be signiﬁcantly less than its carrying value. Based on our estimates, we determined that the carrying value of our Nextel Brazil segment was not
fully recoverable. As a result, we recorded a non-cash asset impairment charge of $1.34 billion to reduce the carrying values of Nextel Brazil's long-lived
assets to their respective fair values. During the six months ended December 31, 2015 and the six months ended June 30, 2015 , we recognized $32.3 million
and $36.8 million, respectively, in impairment, restructuring and other charges primarily related to the shutdown or abandonment of certain transmitter and
receiver sites in Brazil, retail store closures related to the realignment of distribution channels and restructuring charges incurred in connection with the
realignment of our organization and staffing structure. During 2014, we recognized $105.7 million in impairment, restructuring and other charges primarily
related to the discontinuation of certain projects related to the next generation of our push-to-talk services, restructuring charges incurred in connection with
the realignment of our organization and stafﬁng structure, and other asset impairment charges related to store closures and the shutdown or abandonment of
transmitter and receiver sites in Brazil.
Foreign Currency Transaction Gains (Losses), Net. Consolidated foreign currency transaction gains during the year ended December 31, 2016 were
primarily due to the appreciation in the value of the Brazilian real relative to the US. dollar during 2016 on Nextel Brazil's U.S. dollar-denominated net
liabilities. Consolidated foreign currency transaction losses for each of the remaining periods presented primarily relate to the impact of the depreciation in
the value of the Brazilian real relative to the US. dollar on Nextel Brazil's assets and liabilities. See “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates — Foreign
Currency.” for more information.
Net (Loss) Income From Continuing Operations. For the year ended December 31, 2016, net loss from continuing operations included the $1.34
billion non-cash asset impairment charge to reduce the carrying values of Nextel Brazil's long-lived assets to their respective fair values discussed above. For
the six months ended June 30, 2015, net income from continuing operations included $1,956.9 million in reorganization items, which represented a $1,775.8
million gain we recognized in connection with the settlement of our liabilities subject to compromise upon our emergence from Chapter 11 and a $261.8
million gain we recognized as a result of the implementation of fresh start accounting, partially offset by professional fees and other costs incurred in
connection with our Chapter 11 ﬁling.
25