NII HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATENIENTS
a result of either of these events of default, the lender of Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility could provide notice to declare the amounts outstanding
under this facility due and payable.
If we cannot obtain waivers for the existing events of default under Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility and for the applicable ﬁnancial
covenants we are required to meet as of the December 31, 2017 measurement date, modify the repayment terms of our loans, obtain suitable ﬁnancing if and
when it is required, or obtain access to a signiﬁcant portion of the escrowed funds as anticipated in our business plan, our results of operations and liquidity
would be negatively impacted, and we may be unable to settle our obligations as they come due. The combination of these conditions continues to raise
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
2. Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Reorganization Accounting. In accordance with the requirements of reorganization accounting, NII Holdings adopted the provisions of fresh start
accounting as of June 30, 2015 and became a new entity for ﬁnancial reporting purposes. References to the "Successor Company" relate to NH Holdings on or
subsequent to June 30, 2015. References to the "Predecessor Company" relate to NH Holdings prior to June 30, 2015 . See Note 3 for more information
regarding the implementation of fresh start accounting.
Use of Estimates. The preparation of ﬁnancial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or the US,
requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the ﬁnancial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved
in making estimates, actual results to be reported in future periods could differ from our estimates.
Principles of Consolidation. The consolidated ﬁnancial statements include the accounts of NH Holdings and our subsidiaries. Our decision to
consolidate an entity is based on our control of the entity through direct and indirect majority interest in the entity. We eliminate all signiﬁcant
intercompany transactions, including intercompany proﬁts and losses, in consolidation.
Concentrations of Risk. Substantially all of our revenues are generated from our operations located in Brazil. Political, ﬁnancial and economic
developments in Brazil could impact the recoverability of our assets. Regulatory entities in Brazil regulate the licensing, construction, acquisition,
ownership and operation of our networks, and certain other aspects of our business, including some of the rates we charge our subscribers. Changes in the
current telecommunications statutes or regulations in Brazil could adversely affect our business. In addition, as of December 31, 2016, 71% of our total assets
were owned by Nextel Brazil. Political, ﬁnancial and economic developments in Brazil could impact the recoverability of our assets.
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to signiﬁcant amounts of credit risk consist of cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and
accounts receivable. Our cash and cash equivalents are deposited with high—quality ﬁnancial institutions. At times, we maintain cash balances in excess of
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (or the foreign country equivalent institution) limits. Our short-term investments are composed of investments in US.
treasury securities, investments in corporate bonds and certain investments made by Nextel Brazil. See Note 8 for further information. Our accounts
receivable are generally unsecured. We routinely assess the credit worthiness of our subscribers and maintain allowances for probable losses, where necessary.
Foreign Currency. We translate Nextel Brazil's results of operations from Brazilian reais to US. dollars using average exchange rates during the
relevant period, while we translate assets and liabilities at the exchange rate in effect at the reporting date. We translate equity balances at historical rates. We
report the resulting gains or losses from translating foreign currency ﬁnancial statements as other comprehensive income or loss.
In general, monetary assets and liabilities held by Nextel Brazil that are denominated in US. dollars give rise to realized and unrealized foreign
currency transaction gains and losses, which we record in our consolidated statement of comprehensive (loss) income as foreign currency transaction losses,
net. We report the effects of changes in exchange rates associated with certain U.S. dollar-denominated intercompany loans and advances to our foreign
subsidiaries that are of a long-term investment nature as other comprehensive income or loss in our consolidated ﬁnancial statements. We have determined
that certain U.S. dollar-denominated intercompany loans and advances to Nextel Brazil are of a long-term investment nature.
Cash and Cash Equivalents. We consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase to be
cash equivalents, except for certain certiﬁcates of deposit in Brazil that are redeemable on demand. We classify these certiﬁcates of deposit as short-term
investments. Cash equivalents primarily consist of money market funds and other similarly structured ﬁinds.
F—10