increasingly prefer services that are supported by high speed data capabilities including services on smartphones. Likewise, WCDMA subscriber turnover
increased signiﬁcantly as a result of more intense competition in the wireless market and the economic factors discussed above.
In addition, we have broadened our target market to include customers that have typically demonstrated a willingness to change service providers more
frequently and have increased our usage of control plan payment terms as part of our service plans in order to attract more price sensitive customers. These
and other changes in our marketing strategies and the types of customers we target have recently had a negative impact on our consolidated customer
turnover rate and could continue to have that impact in the future. Subscriber losses adversely affect our business and results of operations because these
losses result in lost revenues and cash ﬂow, drive higher bad debt expenses and require us to attract replacement customers and incur the related sales
commissions and other costs. Although attracting new subscribers and retaining existing subscribers are both important to the ﬁnancial viability of our
business, there is an added focus on retaining existing subscribers because the average cost of acquiring a new subscriber is higher. Accordingly, increased
levels of subscriber deactivations have had and could continue to have a negative impact on our results, even if we are able to attract new subscribers at a rate
sufﬁcient to offset those deactivations. If we experience further increases in our customer turnover rate, or if the higher customer turnover rates we are
currently experiencing do not decline, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
f. If our networks do not perform in a manner that meets subscriber expectations, we will be unable to attract and retain customers.
Customer acceptance of the services we offer on our networks is and will continue to be affected by technology-based differences and by the
operational performance and reliability of these networks. We may have difﬁculty attracting and retaining customers if: we are unable to satisfactorily
address and resolve performance or other transmission quality issues as they arise; these issues limit our ability to deploy or expand our network capacity as
currently planned; or these issues place us at a competitive disadvantage to other wireless providers.
g. Customer concerns about our ﬁnancial condition, ability to continue as a going concern and ability to implement our business plan, including our
network development and deployment efforts, may have an additional adverse eﬁ’ect on our ability to attract and retain customers.
When deciding whether to continue or begin service with us, our customers may take our medium— to long-term operating and ﬁnancial outlook,
particularly to the extent that it is perceived to impact our network deployment and development, into account. If customers or potential customers who are
aware of our recent results of operations, or of current and ﬁlture adjustments to our business in response to those results, become concerned that we will be
unable to continue to provide service to them at a quality level that meets their needs, customer deactivations could increase and new subscribers could
decrease. We assume that customers will ﬁnd our services attractive and that we will be able to increase our subscriber base. However, given the factors that
have negatively affected our business and the difﬁculties associated with predicting our ability to overcome these factors, there can be no assurance that
these assumptions will prove to be correct. Increases in customer deactivations and decreases in new subscribers would adversely affect our revenues and our
ability to generate the cash needed to fund our business and meet our other obligations.
4. We operate exclusively in Brazil, and our assets, subscribers and cash ﬂows are concentrated in Brazil, which presents risks to our operating plans.
As a holding company with operations solely in Brazil, our growth and operating results are dependent on the strength and stability of the economic,
political and regulatory environments in that country. Changes in the economic, political and regulatory environment or foreign currency exchange rates in
Brazil will have a more signiﬁcant impact on our operating results than has been the case historically when we held operations in multiple Latin American
markets. As a result, our business and operations will be subject to a higher degree of risk and volatility due to the impact of the risks described below.
a. A decline in the foreign exchange rate of the Brazilian real may adversely aﬂect our growth and our operating results.
Historically, the value of the Brazilian real relative to the US. dollar has been volatile. Recent weakness in the economy in Brazil has led to increased
volatility in the real compared to the US. dollar. Nearly all of our revenues are earned in Brazilian reais, but we report our results in US. dollars. As a result,
ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have had and can have a signiﬁcant impact on our reported results that may not reﬂect the operating trends in
our business. In addition, all of our outstanding debt is owed by Nextel Brazil, and 39% of the principal amount of our total debt outstanding is denominated
in US. dollars. Adecline in the value of the Brazilian real makes it more costly for us to service our US. dollar-denominated debt obligations and affects our
operating results because we generate nearly all of our revenues in Brazilian reais, but we pay for some of our operating
14