- offering a unique and superior customer experience, including a reliable and high quality wireless network and online self-care and rate plan
ﬂexibility; and
° building on the strength of the unique positioning of the Nextel brand.
To support our business plan, we have made signiﬁcant capital and other investments as we deployed our WCDMA network and LTE upgrade. These
investments have increased our costs and negatively impacted our proﬁtability and are expected to continue to have that impact as we incur the ﬁxed costs
associated with our network while building the subscriber base it serves. However, we believe that our investments have enhanced, and will continue to
enhance, the competitiveness of our service offerings while continuing to support the differentiated services and superior customer service that have
historically been signiﬁcant factors supporting our business.
Our results are being pressured by subscriber losses on our legacy iDEN network, which does not support the high speed data applications sought by
many of our current and potential subscribers. Our consolidated operating revenues declined by 19% from the combined period ended December 31, 2015 to
2016 due to a 15% decrease in our consolidated subscriber base during 2016, almost all of which was driven by the 47% decrease in our iDEN subscriber
base, and a 5% decline in the value of the Brazilian real compared to the U.S. dollar over the same period. While we were able to reduce our operating
expenses by 30% in 2016, we generated an operating loss for the period, primarily as a result of a $1.34 billion non-cash asset impairment charge we recorded
in 2016 to reduce the carrying values of Nextel Brazil's long-lived assets to their respective fair values. We expect continued subscriber losses on our iDEN
network and the current economic conditions in Brazil to continue to impact our results of operations for the foreseeable future.
As a result of the weak economy and challenging competitive environment in Brazil, we implemented and will continue to implement changes in our
business to better align our organization and costs with our operational and ﬁnancial results. These have included changes to our leadership team in Brazil in
2015, lower investments in costs to support subscriber growth, signiﬁcant reductions in our headquarters staff through the reorganization of the roles and
responsibilities of both our Brazil and corporate teams, and headcount reductions in Brazil, all of which are designed to reduce costs while maintaining the
support necessary to meet our subscribers' needs. While some of these initiatives have led to better operating results, the challenges we face in Brazil, together
with our debt service requirements, are placing signiﬁcant pressure on our ability to fund our business beyond the ﬁrst quarter of 2018. As a result, in
February 2017, we and the lenders of our local bank loans in Brazil entered into amendments to these loan agreements under which principal payments will
be suspended for four months while we seek to obtain long-term modiﬁcations of the ﬁnancing arrangements, including potential ﬁirther extensions of the
existing amortization relief. See "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — D. Future Capital
Needs and Resources — Covenants Under Financing Arrangements" for more information. In addition, last year, we hired a third party investment adviser to
actively explore strategic options to provide sources of funding that will allow us to meet our future obligations or ﬁnd a buyer for our company. While we
continue to be focused on eﬁ‘ectively managing our business in Brazil, the long-term viability of our business is dependent on the successful outcome of one
or more of the external processes described above.
Economic Environment
Brazil continues to experience one of the worst economic recessions in its history. During 2016, the Brazilian economy contracted as domestic demand
decreased due to a combination of relatively high inﬂation, high interest rates, growing unemployment, tighter credit conditions, a decline in business
investments and political issues. According to reports issued by the International Monetary Fund, or the IMF, it is estimated that Brazil's gross domestic
product, or GDP, fell about 3% in 2016 compared to 2015, and most economic forecasts currently project GDP growth of no more than 1% in 2017. In
addition, the unemployment rate in Brazil was about 11% at the end of 2016. Real wages in Brazil have been falling since March 2015 and are expected to
continue to fall. The foreign currency exchange rate in Brazil declined in value by almost 5% relative to the U.S. dollar from 2015 to 2016. These economic
conditions are affecting the wireless telecommunications industry in Brazil, leading to lower customer credit and pressure on customer demand, pricing and
customer turnover. Consumer conﬁdence improved in late 2016 but remains at lower levels than those experienced in recent prior years.
Competitive Environment
We believe that the wireless communications industry in Brazil has been and will continue to be characterized by intense competition on the basis of
price, the types of services offered, speed of data access and quality of service. In recent years, the prices we have been able to charge for services in Brazil
have declined as a result of intensiﬁed price competition, including the introduction by our competitors of aggressive pricing promotions, such as plans that
allow shared minutes between groups of callers. Beginning in the second half of 2015 and continuing in 2016, our competitors in Brazil began introducing
even more aggressive pricing plans that provided more services and in some cases, unlimited calling, for lower rates than some of the plans we offer. This
increased competition may continue to affect our ability to attract and retain subscribers in the future.
5