NII HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATENIENTS
Bank loans and other consists primarily of loans with certain banks in Brazil. We estimated the fair value of these bank loans, as well as the fair value of
our equipment ﬁnancing facility and spectrum ﬁnancing in Brazil, utilizing inputs such as US. Treasury security yield curves, prices of comparable bonds,
LIBOR, US. Treasury bond rates and credit spreads on comparable publicly traded bonds. We consider Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility, spectrum
ﬁnancing and its bank loans and other to be Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
Derivative Instruments.
We occasionally enter into derivative transactions for risk management purposes. We have not and will not enter into any derivative transactions for
speculative or proﬁt generating purposes. We record all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet at their fair
value. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, Nextel Brazil had an immaterial amount of derivative instruments that we classiﬁed as short-term investments in
our consolidated balance sheets. We consider this measurement to be Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Nextel Brazil entered into foreign currency option
agreements to manage the foreign currency exposures associated with the forecasted purchase of handsets and other U.S. dollar-denominated payments. We
do not apply hedge accounting to these derivative instruments. As a result, we have included all changes in the fair value of these instruments as a
component of other expense, net in our consolidated statement of comprehensive (loss) income. For the year ended December 31, 2016, Nextel Brazil
recognized $3 .3 million in net realized losses, resulting from the changes in estimated fair value of these derivative instruments. Unrealized losses recognized
during 2016 were not material. For the six months ended December 31, 2015 and June 30, 2015, Nextel Brazil recognized $5.2 million and $6.3 million in
net realized gains, respectively, resulting from the changes in the estimated fair value of these derivative instruments. The gains and losses we recognized in
the year ended December 31, 2014 were not material. In addition, for the six months ended December 31, 2015 and June 30, 2015, Nextel Brazil recorded an
immaterial amount of unrealized losses resulting from the changes in the estimated fair value of these derivative instruments.
Other Financial Instruments.
The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable contained in our consolidated balance sheets approximate
their fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments.
9. Commitments and Contingencies
Capital and Operating Lease Commitments.
We have co-location capital lease obligations on some of our transmitter and receiver sites in Brazil. See Note 7 for further information regarding these
agreements.
We lease various cell sites, ofﬁce facilities and other assets under operating leases. Some of these leases provide for annual increases in our rent
payments based on changes in locally-based consumer price indices. The remaining terms of our cell site leases range from less than one to ﬁfteen years and
are generally renewable for additional terms. The remaining terms of our ofﬁce leases range from less than one to ten years. For the year ended December 31,
2016, total rent expense under operating leases was $164.6 million. In addition, during the six months ended December 31, 2015, the six months ended June
30, 2015 and the year ended December 31, 2014, total rent expense under operating leases was $76.4 million, $93 .4 million and $229.7 million, respectively.
For years subsequent to December 31, 2016, future minimum payments for all capital and operating lease obligations that have initial or remaining
noncancelable lease terms exceeding one year, net of rental income, are as follows (in thousands):
F—32