expenses and capital expenditures in US. dollars. Further, because we report our results of operations in U.S. dollars, a decline in the value of the Brazilian
real relative to the US. dollar result in reductions in our reported revenues, as well as a reduction in the carrying value of our assets, including the value of
cash investments held in Brazilian reais. Depreciation of the Brazilian real also results in increased costs to us for imported equipment. Historically, we have
entered into some limited hedging arrangements to mitigate short-term volatility in foreign exchange rates, but have not hedged against long-term
movements in foreign exchange rates because the alternatives currently available for hedging against those movements are limited and costly. As a result, if
the value of the Brazilian real continues to depreciate relative to the US. dollar, we would expect our reported operating results in future periods, and the
value of our assets held in Brazilian reais, to be adversely affected.
b. We face economic and political risks operating in Brazil, which may limit our ability to implement our strategy and could negatively impact our
ﬁnancial ﬂexibility, including our ability to repatriate and redeploy proﬁts, and may disrupt our operations or hurt our performance.
Our operations depend on the economy in Brazil, which is considered to be an emerging market and has historically been subject to volatile economic
cycles. More recently, Brazil has experienced one of the worst economic recessions in its history. As a result, the economic environment in Brazil is
characterized by signiﬁcant and rapid ﬂuctuation in terms of commodity prices, local consumer prices, employment levels, gross domestic product, interest
rates and inﬂation rates. These economic conditions are affecting the wireless telecommunications industry in Brazil, leading to lower customer credit and
pressure on customer demand, pricing and customer turnover, and are negatively impacting our ability to attract and retain subscribers. During 2016, the
Brazilian economy contracted as domestic demand decreased due to a combination of relatively high inﬂation, high interest rates, growing unemployment,
tighter credit conditions, a decline in business investments and political issues. It is estimated that Brazil's GDP fell about 3% in 2016 compared to 2015, and
most economic forecasts currently project GDP growth of no more than 1% in 2017. The unemployment rate in Brazil was about 11% at the end of 20 1 6. Real
wages in Brazil have been falling since March 2015 and are expected to continue to fall. The foreign currency exchange rate in Brazil declined in value by
almost 5% relative to the US. dollar from 2015 to 2016. If the current economic conditions continue or worsen, the economic environment in Brazil may
negatively impact our ability to meet our business plan.
In addition, in some instances, the economy in Brazil has also been negatively affected by other factors, including volatile political conditions. We are
unable to predict the impact that local or national elections and the associated transfer of power from incumbent ofﬁcials or political parties to newly elected
ofﬁcials or parties may have on the local economy or the growth and development of the local telecommunications industry. Changes in leadership or in the
ruling party in Brazil may affect the economic programs developed under the prior administration, which in turn, may adversely affect the economy there.
Other risks associated with political instability could include the risk of expropriation or nationalization of our assets by the government. We expect
political, economic and social conditions in Brazil to affect our business, including our access to capital markets to obtain ﬁlnding needed for our business or
to reﬁnance our existing indebtedness.
0. Our operating company is subject to local laws and government regulations, and we are subject to US. laws and regulations, which could limit our
growth and strategic plans and negatively impact our ﬁnancial results.
Our operations are subject to local laws and regulations in Brazil, which may differ substantially from those in the U.S., and we could become subject to
penalties if we do not comply with those local laws and regulations. In addition, we are subject to US. laws and regulations, such as the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act, or the FCPA. The FCPA prohibits us from providing anything of value to foreign ofﬁcials for the purpose of inﬂuencing ofﬁcial decisions or
obtaining or retaining business. Our employees and agents interact with government ofﬁcials on our behalf, including interactions necessary to obtain
licenses and other regulatory approvals necessary to operate our business and through contracts to provide Wireless service to government entities, creating a
risk that actions may occur that could violate the FCPA. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with local
laws and regulations as well as US. laws and regulations, including the FCPA, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, consultants, contractors
and agents will abide by our policies. The penalties for violating the FCPA can be severe. Any violations of law, even if prohibited by our policies, could
have a material adverse effect on our business.
In addition, in Brazil, government regulatory agencies regulate the licensing, construction, acquisition, ownership and operation of our wireless
communications systems, as well as the granting, maintenance and renewal of licenses to use spectrum and radio frequencies. Adoption of new regulations,
changes in the current telecommunications laws or regulations or changes in the manner in which they are interpreted or applied could adversely affect our
operations by increasing our costs, reducing our revenues or making it more difﬁcult for us to compete. Our business may be negatively impacted if changes
are implemented that:
- affect the terms of interconnection arrangements that allow our subscribers to complete calls to our competitors’ subscribers, including the charges
imposed for the completion of those calls;
15