NII HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATENIENTS
operating loss, loss from continuing operations before reorganization items and income tax beneﬁt, net loss from continuing operations and net loss. In
addition, for the six months ended December 31, 2015, the correction of this error resulted in a $0.07 increase in both net loss from continuing operations per
basic and diluted common share and net loss per basic and diluted common share. This error did not relate to any periods prior to the six months ended
December 31, 2015.
Going Concern. The accompanying consolidated ﬁnancial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization
of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. These consolidated ﬁnancial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the occurrence of the uncertainties described below.
Over the course of the last year, we have implemented changes in our business to better align our organization and costs with our available sources of
ﬁnding, as well as to respond to the impact of the current and expected economic and competitive conditions in Brazil. These changes have included
changes to our leadership team; improvements to our operations; and the implementation of cost savings measures, spending reductions and headcount
reductions. As a result of these changes, we reduced the amount of cash used in our operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to
the combined period ended December 31, 2015.
Our current sources of funding include $331.2 million of cash and short-term investments, $163.4 million in cash held in escrow to secure our
indemniﬁcation obligations in connection with the sale of Nextel Mexico, and $87.4 million in cash pledged as collateral to secure certain performance
bonds relating to our obligations to deploy our WCDMA spectrum in Brazil.
Based on the weak economy and challenging competitive environment in Brazil that we anticipate will continue, as well as the continued decline of
our iDEN business, we expect that our cash ﬂow from operations will be negative in 2017. In addition, we expect that our capital expenditures for 2017 will
be at a similar level as 2016. During 2017, we are also required to pay an estimated $225.0 million for principal and interest in connection with our debt
service obligations, including capital leases. As a result, we believe our current sources of funding may not be adequate to fund our business beyond the ﬁrst
quarter of 2018, and that we will need to obtain debt service relief from our lenders or to raise incremental capital to ﬁnd our business plan. Furthermore, if
the ultimate amount recovered from our cash held in escrow or our cash pledged to secure performance bonds is not fully available to us or is delayed for a
signiﬁcant amount of time, we would need to obtain additional funding within the next six to twelve months and signiﬁcantly reduce our planned spending
to ﬁirther preserve our liquidity. If we cannot reach an agreement with our lenders to modify the terms of our loans, obtain suitable ﬁnancing if and when it is
required, or obtain access to a signiﬁcant portion of the escrowed funds as anticipated in our business plan, our results of operations and liquidity would be
negatively impacted, and we may be unable to settle our obligations as they come due.
In connection with the agreements governing Nextel Brazil's local bank loans, we are required to meet a net debt ﬁnancial covenant semiannually. In
August 2016, Nextel Brazil secured waivers from the lenders of its local bank loans related to this ﬁnancial covenant for the June 30, 2016 measurement date.
In February 2017, Nextel Brazil secured additional waivers from the lenders of these loans related to this ﬁnancial covenant as of December 31, 2016. The
waivers also provide for a "covenant holiday" inclusive of the June 30, 2017 testing period, during which time no compliance will be required with respect to
the net debt ﬁnancial covenant. The next measurement date for this ﬁnancial covenant will be December 31, 2017. Likewise, in connection with the
agreement and related amendments governing Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility, we are required to meet certain ﬁnancial covenants semiannually
beginning on December 31, 2017. Based on our current outlook, which reﬂects signiﬁcant uncertainty about the economic and competitive conditions in
Brazil that are currently impacting our ability to increase our revenues and generate proﬁtability, we believe it is unlikely that we will satisfy the applicable
ﬁnancial covenants included in both of Nextel Brazil's local bank loans and in its equipment ﬁnancing facility as of the next measurement date at December
31, 2017. If we are unable to negotiate amendments to the existing loan agreements or secure waivers from the lenders, we could be in default. If a default
occurs, the lenders could require us to repay the amounts outstanding under these arrangements. In addition, these loan agreements contain cross—acceleration
provisions. As of December 31, 2016, we had $237.4 million principal amount outstanding under Nextel Brazil's local bank loans and $293.6 million
principal amount outstanding under Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility. See Note 7 for more information.
In addition, in December 2015, Nextel Brazil participated in a spectrum auction and was the successful bidder for 30 MHz of spectrum in the 1.8 GHz
band for 455 million Brazilian reais, or approximately $116.7 million based on foreign currency exchange rates at the time. In July 2016, Nextel Brazil paid
45.5 million Brazilian reais, or approximately $14.0 million based on foreign currency exchange rates at the time, in connection with the signing of this
license agreement. Nextel Brazil elected to accept the govemment-provided spectrum ﬁnancing for the remaining amount due under this spectrum ﬁnancing.
In connection with the foregoing, we are in the process of securing waivers from the lender of Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility to permit Nextel
Brazil to incur and maintain this spectrum ﬁnancing. In addition, we have requested waivers of an event of default that resulted from a failure to timely notify
this lender of a permitted merger that occurred between two guarantors in Brazil. As
F—9