- authorize our Board to issue preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms, including preferences and voting rights, of those shares
without stockholder approval;
° establish advance notice procedures for nominating directors or presenting matters at stockholder meetings; and
- limit the persons who may call special meetings of stockholders.
While these provisions have the effect of encouraging persons seeking to acquire control of our Company to negotiate with our Board, they could
enable the Board to hinder or frustrate a transaction that some, or a majority, of the stockholders may believe to be in their best interests and, in that case, may
prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors. These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to
replace or remove our current management by making it more difﬁcult for stockholders to replace members of our Board, which is responsible for appointing
the members of our management.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 2. Properties
Our principal executive and administrative offices are located in Reston, Vlrginia, where we lease about 26,000 square feet of office space under a lease
expiring in January 2020. In addition, Nextel Brazil leases oﬁice space in $50 Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. Nextel Brazil also leases transmitter and receiver
sites under various individual site leases. As of December 31, 2016, Nextel Brazil had 10,031 constructed sites at leased and owned locations, including
those constructed for its networks. In addition, Nextel Brazil also had 1,172 radio access network, or RAN, sharing sites, 507 global system for mobile, or
GSM, sites and 484 indoor sites as of December 31, 2016.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
We are subject to other claims and legal actions that may arise in the ordinary course of business. We do not believe that any of these pending claims or
legal actions will have a material effect on our business, ﬁnancial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows. See Note 9 to our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements at the end of this annual report on Form 10-K for more information.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
21