B. The Parties hereby agree that if NH determines in its sole discretion that the transition of Employee’s
responsibilities is substantially complete prior to the Termination Date, then NH may accelerate the Termination Date with at
least 30 days prior written notice without any additional base salary or beneﬁts owed to the Employee after the amended
Termination Date other than as provided in this Agreement. In addition, the Parties hereby agree that if NII determines that the
transition of the Employee’s responsibilities are not substantially complete prior to the Termination Date, then NH may extend
the Termination Date with at least 30 days prior written notice. If Employee’s Termination Date is extended, Employee will
continue to be paid regular salary and remain covered by beneﬁts up to and including the Termination Date.
C. Employee hereby agrees that NH will deduct from the above-described payments all withholding taxes and
other payroll deductions that NH is required by law to make ﬁom wage payments to employees. Employee hereby agrees that
the payments and performances described in this Agreement are all that Employee shall be entitled to receive from NH except
for vested qualiﬁed retirement beneﬁts, if any, to which Employee may be entitled under NH's ERISA plans. Employee further
acknowledges and agrees that the payment described in Section 1(A) shall be deemed to satisfy NH’s obligations pursuant to
NH’s Severance Plan (as amended and restated February 27, 2013) (the “Severance Plan”), that such payment represents the
full amount payable to Employee under the terms of the Severance Plan, and that the Severance Plan requires Employee to
execute this Agreement as a condition of receiving any such payments.
2. Consideration
Employee hereby agrees and acknowledges that the beneﬁts set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement are more than Employee
would otherwise be entitled to receive under any of NH’s policies and procedures and that they are in addition to anything of value to
which Employee already is entitled; and, speciﬁcally, that because execution of this Agreement is a condition of receiving any beneﬁts
under the Severance Plan, to the extent it would be deemed to apply to Employee’s termination, Employee is not otherwise entitled to
any of the beneﬁts set forth in Section 1. Employee acknowledges and agrees that the amount made payable to him is in complete
satisfaction of any and all claims of any kind that he has made or could have in connection with his employment and separation ﬁom
employment.
3. CompleteRelease
In exchange for the consideration set forth herein, Employee hereby knowingly and voluntarily releases and forever discharges
NH and any related companies, including, without limitation, their afﬁliates, former and current employees, ofﬁcers, agents, directors,
shareholders, investors, attorneys, successors and assigns or any of them (the “Released Parties”) from all liabilities, claims, demands,
rights of action or causes of action Employee had, has or may have against any of the Released Parties, including but not limited to any
claims or demands based upon or relating to Employee’s employment with NH or the termination of that employment. This includes
but is not limited to a release of any rights or claims Employee may have under Title VH of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which
prohibits discrimination in employment based on race, color, national origin, religion or sex; the Equal Pay Act, which prohibits paying
men and women unequal pay for equal work; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the (“ADEA”) which prohibits age
discrimination in employment; the Americans with Disabilities Act, which prohibits discrimination against otherwise qualiﬁed disabled
individuals; the Virginia Human Rights Act, which is a state statue prohibiting, among other things, employment discrimination; the
Fairfax County Human Rights Ordinance, which is a local ordinance prohibiting, among other things, employment discrimination; or
any other federal, state or local laws or regulations prohibiting employment discrimination. This also includes but is not limited to a
release by Employee of any claims for wrongful discharge, breach of contract, under the Severance Plan, or