Brazil's local bank loans, we are required to meet a net debt ﬁnancial covenant semiannually. In August 2016, Nextel Brazil secured waivers from the lenders
of its local bank loans related to this ﬁnancial covenant for the June 30, 2016 measurement date. In February 2017, Nextel Brazil secured additional waivers
from the lenders of these loans related to this ﬁnancial covenant as of December 31, 2016. The waivers also provide for a "covenant holiday" inclusive of the
June 30, 2017 testing period, during which time no compliance will be required with respect to the net debt ﬁnancial covenant. The next measurement date
for this ﬁnancial covenant will be December 31, 2017. Likewise, in connection with the agreement and related amendments governing Nextel Brazil's
equipment ﬁnancing facility, we are required to meet certain ﬁnancial covenants semiannually beginning on December 31, 2017. Based on our current
outlook, which reﬂects signiﬁcant uncertainty about the economic and competitive conditions in Brazil that are currently impacting our ability to increase
our revenues and generate proﬁtability, we believe it is unlikely that we will satisfy the applicable ﬁnancial covenants included in both of Nextel Brazil's
local bank loans and in its equipment ﬁnancing facility as of the next measurement date at December 31, 2017. If we are unable to negotiate amendments to
the existing loan agreements or secure waivers from the lenders, we could be in default. If a default occurs, the lenders could require us to repay the amounts
outstanding under these arrangements. In addition, these loan agreements contain cross-acceleration provisions. In February 2017, Nextel Brazil and the
lenders of our local bank loans entered into amendments to these loan agreements. The amendments provide, among other things, a l20-day standstill period,
effective March 2, 2017, during which time no amortization payments will be required with respect to the related loans while Nextel Brazil seeks to negotiate
long-term modiﬁcations of the ﬁnancing arrangements, including potential ﬁirther extensions of the existing amortization relief. To the extent Nextel Brazil
is unable to agree on long-term amendments by July 2017, we will be required to make catch-up principal payments totaling 84.4 million Brazilian reais, or
approximately $25.2 million based on current foreign currency exchange rates, followed by the resumption of the amortization schedule contained in the
second amendment. See Note 7 to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements for more information.
In December 2015, Nextel Brazil participated in a spectrum auction and was the successful bidder for 30 MHz of spectrum in the 1.8 GHz band for 455
million Brazilian reais, or approximately $116.7 million based on foreign currency exchange rates at the time. In July 2016, Nextel Brazil paid 45.5 million
Brazilian reais, or approximately $14.0 million based on foreign currency exchange rates at the time, in connection with the signing of this license
agreement. Nextel Brazil elected to accept the govemment—provided spectrum ﬁnancing for the remaining amount due under this spectrum ﬁnancing. In
connection with the foregoing, we are in the process of securing waivers from the lender of Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility to permit Nextel
Brazil to incur and maintain this spectrum ﬁnancing. In addition, we have requested waivers of an event of default that resulted from a failure to timely notify
this lender of a permitted merger that occurred between two guarantors in Brazil. As a result of either of these events of default, the lender of Nextel Brazil's
equipment ﬁnancing facility could provide notice to declare the amounts outstanding under this facility due and payable. All of the conditions described
above create uncertainty regarding our ability to continue as a going concern.
If we cannot obtain waivers for the existing events of default under Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility and for the applicable ﬁnancial
covenants we are required to meet as of the December 31, 2017 measurement date, modify the repayment terms of our loans, obtain suitable ﬁnancing if and
when it is required, or obtain access to a signiﬁcant portion of the escrowed funds as anticipated in our business plan, our results of operations and liquidity
would be negatively impacted, and we may be unable to settle our obligations as they come due. As a result of these conditions, our independent registered
public accounting ﬁrm has included a statement with respect to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report on our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2016. However, our ﬁnancial statements have been prepared assuming we will continue to operate as a going
concern and contemplate the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The reaction of investors and others to
the inclusion of a going concern statement by our auditors, our results of operations and questions regarding our potential inability to continue as a going
concern may cause others to choose not to conduct business with us due to concerns about our ability to meet our contractual obligations and may materially
adversely affect our share price and our ability to continue to execute our business plans, raise new capital and/or make our scheduled debt payments on a
timely basis or at all.
3. If we are not able to compete effectively in the highly competitive wireless communications industry, our future growth and operating results will
suﬁ’er.
Our business involves selling wireless communications services to subscribers, and as a result, our economic success is based on our ability to attract
new subscribers and retain current subscribers. Our success will depend on Nextel Brazil's ability to compete effectively with other telecommunications
services providers, including other wireless telecommunications companies, intemet and cable service providers and providers of ﬁxed wireline services, in
Brazil. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on our ability to anticipate and respond to various competitive factors affecting the
telecommunications industry in Brazil, including the availability of new services, features and technologies; changes in consumer preferences, demographic
trends and economic conditions; our ability to fund our operations; and our competitors' pricing strategies.
1 1