Exhibit 10.29
FORM OF EXECUTIVE OFFICER SEPARATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT
This Separation and Release Agreement (“Agreement”) is made by and between NII Holdings, Inc. (“NH”), a Delaware
corporation, and 77 7 7 7 7 77 (hereinafter “Employee”). NH and Employee are collectively referred to as the “Parties” and individually as
a ‘CParty.99
RECITALS:
WHEREAS, in connection with the wind down of its operations in Reston, Virginia, N11 is undergoing a reduction-in-force
that will result in the elimination of Employee’s position;
WHEREAS, NH desires to provide Employee with separation beneﬁts to assist Employee in the transition ﬁom employment
with NH; and
WHEREAS, the parties to this agreement desire to resolve all issues, whether known or unknown, arising out of Employee’s
employment and separation ﬁom employment in a mutually satisfactory manner, confidentially, and without resort to litigation.
AGREEMENT:
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and of the mutual covenants herein contained and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties do hereby covenant and agree:
1. TerminationnfEmeyment;,SeparationBeneﬁts
A. Employee will be terminated ﬁom employment due to job elimination on [SEE SCHEDULE A] or on an
earlier or later date in the sole discretion of NH as described below (the “Termination Date”). In consideration of Employee’s
acceptance of this Agreement:
(a) NII shall pay Employee two times annual base salary. This amount is subject to increase based on the base
salary in effect on the Termination Date and shall be paid to Employee in one lump sum, payable within twenty (20)
business days of the Termination Date or the Effective Date, whichever is later.
(b) In the event that NII exercises its discretion to makes a payment under NII’s cash bonus plan following the
execution of this Agreement and that bonus covers a period prior to and including the employee’s Termination Date,
NII shall pay to Employee the unpaid prorated bonus to which Employee would have been entitled based on NII’s
actual performance and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the then applicable bonus plan if and when it is paid.
(c) In the event that NII uiggers a payment pursuant to the Key Employee Incentive Plan (the “KEIP”), as
provided for in the Company’s bankruptcy proceedings concluded in June 2015, N11 shall pay to Employee his portion
of 121116 KEIP pursuant to the terms and conditions of the KEIP and when payments are made to other eligible
emp oyees.