° replaced Nextel Brazil’s controller and improved the number and quality of other key individuals within Nextel Brazil’s accounting ﬁanction;
- provided continued training to Nextel Brazil personnel on US. generally accepted accounting principles;
- made design improvements to numerous process level controls including those over revenue, accounts receivable, and bad debt expense; and
- implemented new contract and purchase order review controls.
As a result of these actions, we believe that we have remediated the control deﬁciencies pertaining to the previously disclosed material weakness
related to an organizational structure with insufﬁciently trained resources where supervisory roles, responsibilities and monitoring activities were not aligned
with ﬁnancial reporting objectives. However, as described below, a material weakness in internal control over ﬁnancial reporting continues to exist as of
December 31, 2016.
In addition, we completed a ﬁnancial reporting risk assessment for recent signiﬁcant and unusual transactions, and as a result, we implemented or
enhanced existing controls related to the completeness and accuracy of inputs to asset impairment calculations and the accounting for Nextel Brazil’s
roaming and RAN sharing agreements.
These changes, as well as those discussed below, have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control
over ﬁnancial reporting.
Management 's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over ﬁnancial reporting (as deﬁned in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule
15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In order to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, management conducted an assessment using the criteria established
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. Based on
this assessment, management concluded that the Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2016 due to a
material weakness in Nextel Brazil’s control environment and information and communication processes. Speciﬁcally:
- The control environment was not effective because an appropriate tone at the top was not established at Nextel Brazil, which could result in
management override of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting.
- The information and communication process was not effective because we did not identify information necessary to account for leases, certain
accrued liabilities and operating expenses. As a result, we did not design and operate effective process level controls over the completeness and
accuracy of data and assumptions used to support accounting analyses and reconciliations for the related accounts.
The control deﬁciencies described above resulted in certain immaterial misstatements to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements and create a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting ﬁrm, has expressed an adverse report in the operating effectiveness of our internal control
over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016. KPMG LLP’s report appears on Page F—2 of this annual report on Form 10-K
Plan for Remediation of Nextel Brazil ’s Material Weakness
Management is committed to remediating the material weakness in Nextel Brazil's internal control over ﬁnancial reporting. We have modiﬁed the
reporting structure between Nextel Brazil and our corporate headquarters and provided training to senior leadership in Nextel Brazil related to Sarbanes-
Oxley and other SEC rules and regulations, and we are continuing to reinforce compliance with our code of conduct. Also, we will implement controls to
identify and evidence the completeness and accuracy of data and assumptions used to support accounting analyses and reconciliations.
Item 9B. Other Information
None.
52