for which we received net proceeds of $ 1 .448 billion, including $187.5 million in cash deposited in escrow. The net proceeds from the sale of Nextel Mexico
were partially offset by $88.5 million in cash capital expenditures and $20.0 million in deposits to secure certain performance bonds relating to our
obligations to deploy spectrum in Brazil.
We used $347.5 million of cash in our investing activities during 2014, primarily due to $372.7 million in cash used in our discontinued operations,
$326.2 million in cash capital expenditures and $119.7 million in deposits to secure certain performance bonds relating to our obligation to deploy spectrum
in Brazil, partially offset by $499.2 million in net proceeds received from maturities of our short-term investments in Brazil and at the corporate level.
We used $93.0 million of cash in our ﬁnancing activities during 2016, primarily due to $48.4 million in semi-annual principal payments under Nextel
Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility and $42.5 million in principal payments under Nextel Brazil's local bank loans.
We used $25.1 million of cash in our ﬁnancing activities during the six months ended December 31, 2015, largely due to a principal repayment under
Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility. We used $778.2 million of cash in our ﬁnancing activities during the six months ended June 30, 2015, largely
due to $745.2 million of cash distributions paid in settlement of certain claims in connection with our emergence from Chapter 11.
We used $128.3 million of cash in our ﬁnancing activities during 2014, largely due to $107.1 million in repayments of bank loans, capital leases and
other borrowings, partially offset by $14.6 million in borrowings under Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility and other borrowings.
D. Future Capital Needs and Resources
Capital Resources. Our ongoing capital resources depend on a variety of factors, including our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment
balances, cash ﬂows generated by our operating activities, cash that we recover from the amounts held in escrow to secure our indemniﬁcation obligations in
connection with the sale of Nextel Mexico, the return of cash pledged as collateral to secure certain performance bonds relating to our obligations to deploy
our spectrum in Brazil, external ﬁnancial sources, other ﬁnancing arrangements and the availability of cash proceeds from the sale of assets.
Our ability to generate sufﬁcient net cash from our operating activities in the future is dependent upon, among other things:
- the amount of revenue we are able to generate and collect from our subscribers, including our ability to increase the size of our subscriber base;
- the amount of operating expenses required to provide our services;
- the cost of acquiring and retaining subscribers, including the subsidies we incur to provide handsets to both our new and existing subscribers; and
- changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
Due to the impact of our recent and projected results of operations and other factors, our access to the capital markets in the near term is limited. See "—
Future Outlook, Liquidity and Going Concern" for more information.
Capital Needs and Contractual Obligations. We currently anticipate that our ﬁiture capital needs will principally consist of funds required for:
° operating expenses and capital expenditures relating to our existing network and the deployment of LTE in other commercial areas in Brazil;
- payments in connection with previous spectrum purchases and ongoing spectrum license fees;
- debt service requirements;
° obligations relating to our tower ﬁnancing arrangements and capital lease obligations;
- cash taxes; and
0 other general corporate expenditures.
The following table sets forth the amounts and timing of contractual payments for our most signiﬁcant contractual obligations determined as of
December 31, 2016. The information included in the table below reﬂects ﬁJture unconditional payments and is based upon, among other things, the current
terms of the relevant agreements and certain assumptions, such as future interest rates.
46