REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board of Directors and Stockholders
NII Holdings, Inc.:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NH Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2016 and 2015
(Successor), and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive (loss) income, changes in stockholders’ equity, and cash ﬂows for the year ended
December 31, 2016 (Successor), for the six month periods ended December 31, 2015 (Successor) and June 30, 2015 (Predecessor) and for the year ended
December 31, 2014 (Predecessor). In connection with our audits of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, we also have audited ﬁnancial statement schedules
as listed in the accompanying index. These consolidated ﬁnancial statements and ﬁnancial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company’s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated ﬁnancial statements and ﬁnancial statement schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ﬁnancial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the ﬁnancial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and signiﬁcant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall ﬁnancial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated ﬁnancial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the ﬁnancial position of NH Holdings, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 (Successor), and the results of their operations and their cash ﬂows for the year ended December 31, 2016
(Successor), for the six month periods ended December 31, 2015 (Successor) and June 30, 2015 (Predecessor) and for the year ended December 31, 2014
(Predecessor), in conformity with US. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related ﬁnancial statement schedules, when
considered in relation to the basic consolidated ﬁnancial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
The accompanying consolidated ﬁnancial statements and ﬁnancial statement schedules have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a
going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, the Company believes that if it cannot obtain waivers for the existing events
of default under Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility and for the applicable ﬁnancial covenants it is required to meet as of the December 31, 2017
measurement date, modify the repayment terms on its loans, obtain suitable ﬁnancing if and when it is required, or obtain access to a signiﬁcant portion of
certain escrowed funds as anticipated in its business plan, the Company’s results of operations and liquidity would be negatively impacted, and the Company
may be unable to settle its obligations as they come due. The combination of these conditions continues to raise substantial doubt about the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated ﬁnancial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, on June 26, 2015, the Company satisﬁed the conditions to emerge from Chapter 11
bankruptcy proceedings. Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated ﬁnancial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2016 (Successor) and
for the six month period ended June 30, 2015 (Successor) have been prepared in accordance with Accounting Standards Codiﬁcation Topic 852,
Reorganizations. The Company applied fresh-start reporting as of June 30, 2015 and recognized net assets at fair value, resulting in a lack of comparability
with the consolidated ﬁnancial statements of the Predecessor.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), N11 Holdings, Inc.’s internal
control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated March 9, 2017 expressed an adverse opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting.
/s/ KPMG LLP
McLean, Virginia
March 9, 2017
F—2