NII HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Service revenues primarily consist of ﬁxed monthly access charges. Other components of service revenue include revenues from calling party pays
programs, where applicable, variable charges for airtime usage in excess of plan minutes, long-distance charges, international roaming revenues derived from
calls placed by our subscribers on other carriers’ networks and revenues generated from broadband data services we provide on our WCDMA network, net of
credits and adjustments for service discounts and value-added taxes. We recognize excess usage, local, long distance and calling party pays revenue at
contractual rates per minute as minutes are used. We record cash received in excess of revenues earned as deferred revenues. We recognize service revenue as
service is provided. We recognize handset revenue when title and risk of loss passes to the customer.
Other revenues primarily include amounts generated from our handset maintenance programs, roaming revenues generated from other companies’
subscribers that roam on our networks and co-location rental revenues from third party tenants that rent space on our towers. We recognize revenue generated
from our handset maintenance programs on a monthly basis at ﬁxed amounts over the service period. We recognize roaming revenues at contractual rates per
minute as minutes are used. We recognize co-location revenues from third party tenants on a monthly basis based on the terms set by the underlying
agreements.
Revenue-Based Taxes. We record revenue-based taxes and other excise taxes on a gross basis as a component of both service and other revenues and
selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated ﬁnancial statements. For the year ended December 31, 2016, we recognized $46.9 million in
revenue-based taxes and other excise taxes. For the six months ended December 31, 2015 and the six months ended June 30, 2015, we recognized $30.9
million and $39.0 million in revenue-based taxes and other excise taxes, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2014, we recognized $101.0 million
in revenue-based taxes and other excise taxes.
Accounts Receivable. Accounts receivable represents amounts due from subscribers, net of an allowance for doubtﬁil accounts, and includes amounts
that have been billed to customers and amounts that have not yet been billed. Trade accounts receivable consists of ﬁxed monthly charges, as well as charges
for excess and roaming minutes used in arrears.
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts. We establish an allowance for doubtﬁil accounts receivable sufficient to cover probable and reasonably estimated
losses. We estimate this allowance based on historical experience, aging of accounts receivable and recent collections trends. While we believe that the
estimates we use are reasonable, actual results could differ from those estimates.
Subscriber Related Direct Costs. We recognize all costs of handset sales when title and risk of loss passes upon delivery of the handset to the
subscriber.
Advertising Costs. We expense costs related to advertising and other promotional expenditures as incurred. Advertising costs totaled $30.9 million for
the year ended December 31, 2016. We recognized $21.6 million in advertising costs during the six months ended December 31, 2015 and $28.7 million
during the six months ended June 30, 2015, respectively. We recognized $88.7 million in advertising costs during the year ended December 31, 2014.
Share-Based Compensation. We measure and recognize compensation expense for all share-based compensation awards based on estimated fair
values. We account for share-based awards exchanged for employee services in accordance with the authoritative guidance for stock compensation. Under
that guidance, share-based compensation expense is measured at the grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the award when settled in shares, and is
recognized over the employee's requisite service period. Compensation expense is amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the
entire award, which is generally the maximum vesting period of the award. See Note 12 for more information.
Net (Loss) Income Per Common Share, Basic and Diluted. Basic net (loss) income per common share is computed by dividing adjusted net (loss)
income attributable to common shares by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted net (loss) income per common
share reﬂects the potential dilution of securities that could participate in our earnings, but not securities that are antidilutive, including stock options with an
exercise price greater than the average market price of our common stock.
Our unvested restricted stock awards, or RSAs, contain non—forfeitable rights to dividends, whether paid or unpaid. As a result, our RSAs are considered
participating securities because their holders have the right to participate in earnings with common stockholders. We use the two-class method to allocate net
income between common shares and other participating securities.
As presented for the year ended December 31, 2016, we did not include 3.5 million stock options and 0.8 million in restricted common shares in our
calculation of diluted net loss from continuing operations per common share because their effect would have been antidilutive. As presented for the six
months ended December 31, 2015 and the six months ended June 30, 2015, we did not include 2.2 million and 4.8 million stock options, respectively, in our
calculation of diluted net (loss) income from continuing operations per common share because their effect would have been antidilutive. In addition, for the
six months ended December
F—13