F. Effect of New Accounting Standards
In November 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or the FASB, issued Accounting Standard Update, or ASU, No. 2016-18, “Statement of
Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash,” which provides guidance regarding cash ﬂow statement classiﬁcation and presentation of changes in restricted
cash. The new standard will be effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning on January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The
amendments in this ASU require that a statement of cash ﬂows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents and amounts
generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. Entities will also be required to reconcile this total to amounts on the consolidated
balance sheet and disclose the nature of the restrictions. We are currently evaluating the timing of adoption, as well as the effect ASU No. 2016-18 will have
on our consolidated statement of cash ﬂows.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)," which replaces existing leasing rules with a comprehensive lease
measurement and recognition standard and expanded disclosure requirements. ASU No. 2016-02 will require lessees to recognize most leases on their balance
sheet as liabilities, with corresponding "right-of—use" assets, and is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018,
subject to early adoption. The new standard allows us to make an accounting policy election not to recognize lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet
for leases with a term of 12 months or less. The accounting applied by a lessor is largely unchanged from previous guidance. In transition, lessees and lessors
are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modiﬁed retrospective approach. The modiﬁed
retrospective approach includes a number of optional practical expedients that we may elect to apply. We are currently evaluating the timing of adoption, as
well as the eﬁ‘ect ASU No. 2016-02 will have on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers," which will provide us with a single revenue recognition
model for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers and signiﬁcantly expand the disclosure requirements for revenue arrangements. The new
standard, as amended, will be effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning on January 1, 2018, at which point we plan to adopt the standard.
The two permitted transition methods under the new standard are the ﬁll retrospective method, in which the standard would be applied to each prior
reporting period presented, or the modiﬁed retrospective method, in which case the cumulative effect of applying the standard would be recognized at the
date of initial application, with disclosure of results under the new and old standards for the ﬁrst year of adoption. We are in the process of evaluating the
available adoption methods.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Our revenues are primarily denominated in Brazilian reais, while a portion of our operations are ﬁnanced in US. dollars. As a result, ﬂuctuations in the
Brazilian real relative to the US. dollar expose us to foreign currency exchange risks. These risks include the impact of translating our local currency reported
earnings into US. dollars when the US. dollar strengthens against the Brazilian real. In addition, Nextel Brazil pays the purchase price for some of its capital
assets and a portion of its handsets in US. dollars, but generates revenue from its operations in local currency.
We occasionally enter into derivative transactions for hedging or risk management purposes. We have not and will not enter into any derivative
transactions for speculative or proﬁt generating purposes. During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2014, as well as during the six months ended
December 31, 2015 and the six months ended June 30, 2015, Nextel Brazil entered into hedge agreements to manage foreign currency risk on certain
forecasted transactions. The fair values of these instruments are not material.
Interest rate changes expose our ﬁxed rate long-term borrowings to changes in fair value and expose our variable rate long-term borrowings to changes
in future cash ﬂows. As of December 31, 2016, approximately 30% of our consolidated principal amount of debt was ﬁxed rate debt, and the remaining 70%
of our total consolidated debt was variable rate debt.
The table below presents projected principal amounts, related interest rates by year of maturity and aggregate amounts as of December 31, 2016 for
both our ﬁxed and variable rate debt obligations, all of which have been determined at their fair values. See Note 3 to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements
for more information. Because it is unlikely that we will be able to satisfy one of the applicable ﬁnancial covenants included in Nextel Brazil's local bank
loans as of the next measurement date at December 31, 2017, and as a result of certain events of default related to Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing
facility, we classiﬁed the principal amounts outstanding under these facilities as current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31,
2016. The changes in the fair values of our debt obligations compared to their fair values as of December 31, 2015 reﬂect changes in applicable market
conditions and changes in other company-speciﬁc conditions during 2016. In addition, the interest rates presented below reﬂect the impact of the
implementation of fresh start accounting on our capital lease obligations. All of the information in the table is presented in US. dollar equivalents, which is
our reporting currency. The actual cash ﬂows associated with our debt obligations are denominated in US. dollars (US$) and Brazilian reais (BRL).
5 0