NII HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATENIENTS
Contingencies.
Nextel Brazil has received various assessment notices from state and federal Brazilian authorities asserting deﬁciencies in payments related primarily to
value-added taxes, excise taxes on imported equipment and other non-income based taxes. Nextel Brazil has ﬁled various administrative and legal petitions
disputing these assessments. In some cases, Nextel Brazil has received favorable decisions, which are currently being appealed by the respective
governmental authority. In other cases, Nextel Brazil's petitions have been denied, and Nextel Brazil is currently appealing those decisions. Nextel Brazil
also had contingencies related to certain regulatory, civil and labor-related matters as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 .
As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, Nextel Brazil had accrued liabilities of $76.8 million and $57.7 million, respectively, related to contingencies, of
which $1.4 million and $5.4 million related to unasserted claims, respectively. We currently estimate the reasonably possible losses related to matters for
which Nextel Brazil has not accrued liabilities, as they are not deemed probable, to be approximately $520.0 million as of December 31, 2016. We are
continuing to evaluate the likelihood of probable and reasonably possible losses, if any, related to all known contingencies. As a result, ﬁiture increases or
decreases to our accrued liabilities may be necessary and will be recorded in the period when such amounts are determined to be probable and reasonably
estimable.
Legal Proceedings.
We are subject to claims and legal actions that may arise in the ordinary course of business. We do not believe that any of these pending claims or legal
actions will have a material effect on our business, ﬁnancial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
10. Capital Stock
Common Stock. Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted for action by the stockholders and share
equally, share for share, if dividends are declared on the common stock. If our Company is partially or completely liquidated, dissolved or wound up, whether
voluntarily or involuntarily, the holders of the common stock are entitled to share ratably in the net assets remaining after payment of all liquidation
preferences, if any, applicable to any outstanding preferred stock. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock.
Undesignated Preferred Stock. Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue undesignated preferred stock of one or more series and in connection
with the creation of such series, to ﬁx by resolution the designation, voting powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights
of such series, and the qualiﬁcations, limitations and restrictions thereof. As of December 31, 2016, we had not issued any shares of undesignated preferred
stock.
Common Stock Reserved for Issuance. In connection with our emergence from Chapter 11, our Board of Directors adopted an incentive compensation
plan, which contemplates grants of up to 5,263,158 shares of our common stock to directors and employees of the reorganized company, including potential
grants of restricted stock, restricted stock units and options to purchase shares of our common stock. Under the 2015 Incentive Compensation Plan, we had
809,613 shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance as of December 31, 2016.
F—34