NH HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATENIENTS
1. Summary of Operations
Unless the context requires otherwise, “NII Holdings, Inc.,” “NII Holdings,” “we,” “our,” “us” and “the Company” refer to the combined businesses of
N11 Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. We refer to our wholly-owned Brazilian operating company, Nextel Telecomunicacoes Ltda., as Nextel
Brazil. Our consolidated results from continuing operations in this annual report on Form 10-K include the results of operations of Nextel Brazil and our
corporate headquarters. We provide wireless communication services under the NextelTM brand in Brazil with our principal operations located in major urban
and suburban centers with high population densities and related transportation corridors of that country where we believe there is a concentration of Brazil's
business users and economic activity, including primarily Rio de Janeiro and Sﬁo Paulo.
In the second half of 2013, Nextel Brazil commercially launched services on its wideband code division multiple access, or WCDMA, network in Sﬁo
Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and surrounding areas and extended those services to other areas in Brazil by expanding the coverage of its network and utilizing
roaming services and network sharing arrangements pursuant to agreements that it reached with another network operator in Brazil. Our WCDMA network
enables us to offer a wide range of products and services supported by that technology, including data services provided at substantially higher speeds than
can be delivered on our legacy integrated digital enhanced network, or iDEN.
Prior to the deployment of our WCDMA network, our services were primarily targeted to meet the needs of business customers. With the deployment of
our WCDMA network in Brazil, our target market has shifted to individual consumers who use our services to meet both professional and personal needs. Our
target subscribers generally exhibit above average usage, revenue and loyalty characteristics. We believe our target market is attracted to the services and
pricing plans we offer, as well as the quality of and data speeds provided by our WCDMA network.
We also offer long-term evolution, or LTE, services in Rio de Janeiro, and starting in December 2016, in Sﬁo Paulo, and we continue to provide services
on our legacy iDEN network throughout various regions in Brazil. Our transition to standards—based technologies such as WCDMA also gives us more
ﬂexibility to offer customers the option of purchasing services by acquiring the subscriber identity module, or SIM, cards from us separately, and by
providing the customer with the option to use the SIM cards in one or more devices that they acquire from us or from other sources.
The services we currently offer include:
- mobile telephone voice service;
- wireless data services, including text messaging services, mobile intemet services and email services;
° push—to-talk services, including Direct Connect®, Prip and International Direct Connect® services, which allow subscribers to talk to each other
instantly;
- other value-added services, including location—based services, which include the use of Global Positioning System, or GPS, technologies; digital
media services; and a wide ranging set of applications available via our content management system, as well as the AndroidTM open application
market;
- business solutions, such as security, work force management, logistics support and other applications that help our business subscribers improve
their productivity; and
- voice and data roaming services outside of our coverage areas.
Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. In connection with the preparation of our condensed consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the three
months ended March 31, 2016, we determined that an error existed in our previously issued ﬁnancial statements. Speciﬁcally, selling, general and
administrative expenses for the six months ended December 31, 2015 were understated by $6.9 million as the result of a failure to properly accrue expenses
for services Nextel Brazil received under a management consulting services arrangement. We evaluated this error under the SEC's authoritative guidance on
materiality and the quantiﬁcation of the effect of prior period misstatements on ﬁnancial statements, and we determined that the impact of this error on our
prior period consolidated ﬁnancial statements is immaterial. However, since the correction of this error in the ﬁrst quarter of 2016 would have been material
to our results of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2016, we revised our prior period ﬁnancial statements herein to correct this error.
As a result of the correction of this error, as of December 31, 2015, accrued expenses and other increased by $6.8 million, accumulated deﬁcit increased
by $6.9 million and accumulated other comprehensive loss decreased by $0.1 million. For the six months ended December 31, 2015, this error resulted in a
$6.9 million increase to selling, general and administrative expenses,
F—8