6. BerindionRexiew,andnCnnsideratinnangreement
Employee may have, if desired, 45 days within which to consider this Agreement, ﬁrst proposed to him on November 13,
2015. Employee acknowledges and agrees that any changes made to this Agreement after it ﬁrst was offered do not re-start the running
of the 45 -day period. Employee may execute the Agreement prior to the expiration of the 45-day period but in no event may he
execute it prior to the Termination Date. Employee acknowledges that in the event he decides to execute this Agreement in fewer than
45 days, he has done so with the express understanding that he has been given and declined the opportunity to consider this release for
a ﬁll 45 days. Employee acknowledges that his decision to sign the Agreement in fewer than 45 days was not induced by NII through
fraud, misrepresentation, or a threat to withdraw or alter the offer prior to the expiration of the 45 -day time period. Employee
acknowledges receipt of the OWBPA document appended to this Agreement that contains the employees affected by this termination
program and their titles and ages.
7. Empﬂyee's Right to Revoke Agreement
Employee may revoke this Agreement within seven (7) days of Employee's signing it. Revocation can be made by delivering a
written notice of revocation to Shana Smith, Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, NII Holdings, Inc., 1875 Explorer Street,
Suite 800, Reston, VA 20190. For this revocation to be effective, written notice must be received by Ms. Smith no later than the close
of business on the seventh day after Employee signs this Agreement. If Employee has not revoked the Agreement, the eighth (8th) day
after Employee signs this Agreement shall be the “Effective Date” for purposes of this Agreement.
8. N,0,Eutu1:e,Laﬁwsuits
Employee promises never to ﬁle a lawsuit asserting any claims that are released in Section 3 of this Agreement. In the event
Employee breaches this Section 8, Employee shall pay to NH all of its expenses incurred as a result of such breach, including but not
limited to, reasonable attomey’s fees and expenses.
9. Disclaimer; ofLiahility:
This Agreement and the payments and performances hereunder are made solely to assist Employee in making the transition
from employment with N11, and are not and shall not be construed to be an admission of liability, an admission of the truth of any fact,
or a declaration against interest on the part of NH.
10. Conﬁdential Information/Return of Property:
Employee covenants and agrees that Employee shall not use, divulge, publish or disclose to any person or organization,
conﬁdential information obtained by Employee during the course of Employee’s employment or related to Employee’s cessation of
employment (“Conﬁdential Information”). The Conﬁdential Information consists of the following: (a) the existence and terms of this
Agreement itself; (b) personal, ﬁnancial, private or sensitive information concerning NII’s executives, employees, customers and
suppliers; (0) information concerning NII’s ﬁnances, business practices, long-term and strategic plans and similar matters; (d)
information concerning NII’s formulas, designs, methods of business, trade secrets, technology, business operations, business records
and ﬁles; and (c) any other non-public information which, if used, divulged, published or disclosed by Employee, would be reasonably
likely to provide a competitive advantage to a competitor or to cause any of NII’s executives or employees embarrassment. Employee
ﬁlrther agrees to return immediately to NH all of NII’s property, if any, in Employee’s possession or under Employee’s control upon
the Termination Date or such earlier date as Employee’s employment shall cease. Employee agrees that if he intentionally damages any
NII property following notiﬁcation of termination, this agreement