any interaction with a Nextel representative. Subscribers can purchase a subscriber identity module, or SIM, card at an accredited point of sale, install the SIM
card on an Android or iOS smartphone, download the application, and activate and change rate plans.
Marketing
We are a ﬁll service provider of wireless services, offering our customers packages of services and features that combine multiple communications
services in one handset, including voice and data services and our differentiated push-to-talk services. Since 2002, we have offered services under the Nextel
brand under a trademark license agreement with Nextel Communications, Inc. In 2011, we launched a new brand identity, which we believe enhanced the
recognition of our brand and uniﬁed our brand identity. As a result of our efforts, the Nextel brand is recognized in Brazil as standing for both quality of
service and the differentiated services and customer support we provide. With the launch of services supported by our WCDMA and LTE network, our
marketing strategy has focused on the availability of the broader range of services and features that appeal to a wider range of consumers. This positioning of
our brand continues to focus on customers who are attracted to our differentiated services and our reputation for providing a high quality customer
experience.
Regulation of SMR and PCS Operations
In Brazil, the wireless communications regulations are based on a concept called calling party pays, which requires the mobile carrier of the subscriber
initiating a call to pay the mobile carrier of the party receiving the call when mobile calls occur between subscribers of different carriers. These calling party
pays charges are based on rates that we refer to as mobile termination rates. In 2012, ANATEL, Brazil's telecommunications regulatory agency, approved
regulations to implement a transition to a cost—based model for determining mobile termination rates. Under the current regulations, the mobile termination
rates are being gradually reduced over a transition period ending in 2019, when cost-based rates will take effect. The transition rules also provide for a partial
"bill and keep" settlement process that applies to the settlement of mobile termination charges between smaller operators like Nextel Brazil and its larger
competitors (who are considered to hold signiﬁcant market power under the Brazilian regulations), which further reduces mobile termination charges for
smaller operators. The lower costs resulting from this partial bill and keep settlement process, which is similar to the settlement process that has historically
applied to termination charges relating to Nextel Brazil’s iDEN services, decline as mobile termination rates are reduced during the transition period, with the
bill and keep settlement process terminating when cost-based rates are implemented.
Under the rules adopted by ANATEL relating to interconnection charges, Nextel Brazil has negotiated agreements with all signiﬁcant ﬁxed line and
wireless operators in Brazil to reﬂect the payments between carriers as a result of the calling party pays charges. Because Nextel Brazil's subscriber base is
smaller than those of its competitors and its subscribers tend to make a higher number of calls terminating on other carriers' networks, these higher mobile
termination rates result in substantial charges relating to the "off-net" termination of calls by our subscribers. To partially address this issue, ANATEL
implemented the partial bill and keep settlement process described above. Since the adoption of this process, Nextel Brazil has recognized signiﬁcant cost
savings when terminating calls originated on its networks. In the past, these cost savings enabled Nextel Brazil to develop and offer attractive pricing plans
that reduced or eliminated the signiﬁcant differentiation in the cost of on—net and off-net calls that are common in Brazil due to the historically high mobile
termination rates there, providing opportunities for Nextel Brazil to offer unique service plans. In connection with ANATEL’S transition plan, Nextel Brazil’s
beneﬁts under these partial bill and keep rules has declined, and recently, some of Nextel Brazil’s competitors have launched pricing plans with the same
rates for on-net and off-net calls. In addition, in December 2015, two of Nextel Brazil’s competitors ﬁled a lawsuit against ANATEL challenging the bill and
keep rules. These competitors received an initial preliminary injunction, which was suspended afterAnatel ﬁled an appeal. Adecision has not yet been made
regarding the preliminary injunction or the lawsuit.
8