Foreign Currency Controls, Dividends and Tax Regulation
The purchase and sale of foreign currency in Brazil continues to be subject to regulation by the Central Bank of Brazil despite regulatory changes
enacted in 2005 that were designed to reduce the level of government regulation of foreign currency transactions. Exchange rates are freely negotiated by the
parties, but purchase of currency for repatriation of capital invested in Brazil and for payment of dividends to foreign stockholders of Brazilian companies
may only be made if the original investment of foreign capital and capital increases were registered with the Brazilian Central Bank. There are no signiﬁcant
restrictions on the repatriation of registered share capital and remittance of dividends. Nextel Brazil has registered substantially all of its investments with the
Brazilian Central Bank.
Brazilian law provides that the Brazilian government may, for a limited period of time, impose restrictions on the remittance by Brazilian companies to
foreign investors of the proceeds of investments in Brazil. These restrictions may be imposed whenever there is a material imbalance or a serious risk of a
material imbalance in Brazil’s balance of payments. The Brazilian government may also impose restrictions on the conversion of Brazilian currency into
foreign currency. These restrictions may hinder or prevent us from purchasing equipment required to be paid for in any currency other than Brazilian reais.
Employees
As of December 31, 2016, we had 2,645 employees, of which 2,618 were employees of Nextel Brazil. Nextel Brazil is a party to a legally mandated
collective bargaining agreement that covers most of its employees and expires on August 31, 2017. NII Holdings is not a party to any collective bargaining
agreement. We believe that the relationship between us and our employees, and between Nextel Brazil and its employees, is good.
Access to Public Filings and Board Committee Charters
We maintain an intemet website at www.nii.com. Information contained on our website is not part of this annual report on Form 10-K. Stockholders of
the Company and the public may access our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to
these reports ﬁled with or furnished to the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, through the “investor relations” section of our
website. This information is provided by a third party link to the SEC’s online EDGAR database, is free of charge and may be reviewed, downloaded and
printed from our website at any time.
We also provide public access to our code of ethics, entitled the NH Holdings, Inc. Code of Conduct and Business Ethics, and the charters of the
following committees of our Board of Directors: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee. The committee charters may be viewed free of charge on the Investor Relations link of our website at the following address: www.nii.com. You
may obtain copies of the committee charters and the Code of Conduct and Business Ethics free of charge by writing to: NH Holdings Investor Relations, 1875
Explorer Street, Suite 800, Reston, Virginia 20190. If a provision of our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics required under the Nasdaq Global Select
Market corporate governance standards is materially modiﬁed, or if a waiver of our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics is granted to a director or executive
ofﬁcer, we will post a notice of such action on the Investor Relations link of our website at the following address: www.nii.com. Only the Board of Directors
or the Audit Committee may consider a waiver of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for an executive officer or director.
9