NII HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATENIENTS
31, 2015, we did not include an immaterial amount of restricted common shares in our calculation of diluted net (loss) income from continuing operations per
common share because their effect would have been antidilutive. As presented for the year ended December 31, 2014, we did not include 5.4 million stock
options and 0.9 million in restricted common shares in our calculation of diluted net loss from continuing operations per common share because their effect
would have been antidilutive to our net loss from continuing operations per common share for that period.
Income Taxes. We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which we recognize deferred income taxes for the tax
consequences attributable to differences between the ﬁnancial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities, as well as for
tax loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income
in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recoverable or settled. We recognize the effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates
in income in the period that includes the enactment date. We recognize a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets unless it is determined that it is “more-
likely-than-not” that the asset will be realized.
Reclassiﬁcations. We have reclassiﬁed some prior period amounts in our consolidated ﬁnancial statements to conform to our current presentation.
New Accounting Pronouncements. In November 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or the FASB, issued Accounting Standard Update,
or ASU, No. 2016-18, "Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash," which provides guidance regarding cash ﬂow statement classiﬁcation and
presentation of changes in restricted cash. The new standard will be effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning on January 1, 2018, with
early adoption permitted. The amendments in this ASU require that a statement of cash ﬂows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash
equivalents and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. Entities will also be required to reconcile this total to amounts
on the consolidated balance sheet and disclose the nature of the restrictions. We are currently evaluating the timing of adoption, as well as the effect ASU No.
2016-18 will have on our consolidated statement of cash ﬂows.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)," which replaces existing leasing rules with a comprehensive lease
measurement and recognition standard and expanded disclosure requirements. ASU No. 2016-02 will require lessees to recognize most leases on their balance
sheet as liabilities, with corresponding "right-of-use" assets, and is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018,
subject to early adoption. The new standard allows us to make an accounting policy election not to recognize lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet
for leases with a term of 12 months or less. The accounting applied by a lessor is largely unchanged from previous guidance. In transition, lessees and lessors
are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modiﬁed retrospective approach. The modiﬁed
retrospective approach includes a number of optional practical expedients that we may elect to apply. We are currently evaluating the timing of adoption, as
well as the eﬁ‘ect ASU No. 2016-02 will have on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers," which will provide us with a single revenue recognition
model for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers and signiﬁcantly expand the disclosure requirements for revenue arrangements. The new
standard, as amended, will be effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning on January 1, 2018, at which point we plan to adopt the standard.
The two permitted transition methods under the new standard are the ﬁll retrospective method, in which the standard would be applied to each prior
reporting period presented, or the modiﬁed retrospective method, in which case the cumulative effect of applying the standard would be recognized at the
date of initial application, with disclosure of results under the new and old standards for the ﬁrst year of adoption. We are in the process of evaluating the
available adoption methods.
3. Emergence from Chapter 11 Proceedings and Fresh Start Accounting
On September 15 , 2014, we and eight of our US. and Luxembourg-domiciled subsidiaries, including NII Capital Corp. and N11 International Telecom,
S.C.A., or NIIT, ﬁled voluntary petitions seeking relief under Chapter 1 1 of Title 1 1 of the United States Bankruptcy Code, which we refer to as Chapter 1 1, in
the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York, which we refer to as the Bankruptcy Court. In addition, subsequent to September
15, 2014, ﬁve additional subsidiaries of N11 Holdings, Inc. ﬁled voluntary petitions seeking relief under Chapter 11 in the Bankruptcy Court. We refer to the
companies that ﬁled voluntary petitions seeking relief under Chapter 11 collectively as the Debtors. Nextel Brazil and our previous other operating
subsidiaries in Latin America were not Debtors in these Chapter 11 cases.
F—14