or employee conﬁdential data, we may be subject to signiﬁcant legal and ﬁnancial exposure, damage to our reputation, and loss of conﬁdence in the security
of our products and services.
Risks Relating to Our Common Stock
12. There may be circumstances in which the interests of our significant stockholders could be in conﬂict with the interests of other stockholders.
Funds associated with Capital World Investors, subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc. and subsidiaries of The Vanguard Group currently own approximately
25.5%, 11.5% and 10.2%, respectively, of our outstanding common stock. Two of our stockholders also have certain additional rights under our registration
rights agreement dated June 26, 2015. Circumstances may arise in which these stockholders may have an interest in pursuing or preventing acquisitions,
divestitures or other transactions, including the issuance of additional shares or debt, that, in their judgment, could enhance their investment in us or another
company in which they invest. Such transactions might adversely aﬁ‘ect us or other holders of our common stock. In addition, our signiﬁcant concentration of
share ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our common shares because investors may perceive disadvantages in owning shares in companies
with signiﬁcant stockholders.
13. T he price of our common stock may be volatile.
The price of our common stock may ﬂuctuate due to a variety of factors, including:
° concentration of our business operations in Brazil;
- low trading volumes for our common stock and the inability to sustain an active trading marketing for our common stock;
0 actual or anticipated ﬂuctuations in our quarterly and annual results and those of other public companies in our industry;
- industry cycles and trends;
- mergers and strategic alliances in the telecommunications industry;
- changes in government regulation;
- potential or actual military conﬂicts or acts of terrorism;
- the failure of securities analysts to publish research about us, or shortfalls in our operating results from levels forecast by securities analysts;
- future sales of our common stock by our stockholders, including in particular, those stockholders Whose shares were included in our Registration
Statement on Form S-3 ;
- announcements concerning us or our competitors; and
- the general state of the securities market.
As a result of these factors, investors in our common stock may not be able to resell their stock at or above the price they paid or at all. These broad
market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance.
14. Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may make it difﬁcult for stockholders to change the composition of our Board
and may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that some stockholders may consider beneﬁcial.
Certain provisions of our Amended and Restated Certiﬁcate of Incorporation (the “Charte1”) and our Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws (the
“By1aws”) may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control if our Board determines that such changes in control are not in the best interests
of the Company and our stockholders. The provisions in our Charter and Bylaws include, among other things, those that:
- provide for a classiﬁed board of directors until the 2017 annual meeting;
20