Results Overview.
Brazil continues to experience one of the worst economic recessions in its history. As a result, the economic environment in Brazil is characterized by
negative real wage growth, a net loss of j obs, higher unemployment and lower consumer conﬁdence. Consumers in Brazil are also being impacted by rising
costs of food and other essentials, with the inﬂation of food costs signiﬁcantly exceeding both inﬂation levels experienced in prior years and the consumer
price index. These conditions and trends have resulted in a decline in the amount of consumer disposable income that is available to purchase
telecommunications services and have had an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain subscribers and on our collection rates. We expect that the
current economic conditions will continue to have a negative impact on Nextel Brazil's reported results of operations in 2017.
Nextel Brazil began offering a full range of voice and data services on its WCDMA network in late 2013 and experienced subscriber growth on its
WCDMA network and an increase in its WCDMA service ARPU in Brazilian reais through the end of 2014. Nextel Brazil's WCDMA subscriber units
increased from 337.9 thousand subscribers as of January 1, 2014 to 2.8 million subscribers as of December 31, 2016. Nextel Brazil's WCDMA service ARPU
in Brazilian reais decreased throughout the course of 2015 and into the ﬁrst quarter of 2016, and its WCDMA subscriber turnover increased signiﬁcantly in
the ﬁrst quarter of 2016 compared to 2015 as a result of more intense competition in the wireless market and the economic factors discussed above.
Beginning in the second quarter of 2016, WCDMA subscriber turnover decreased as a result of various loyalty actions Nextel Brazil implemented in an effort
to retain existing subscribers at the end of 2015 and into the early part of 2016.
In the second quarter of 2015, Nextel Brazil implemented several new rate plans and promotions to improve the attractiveness of its service oﬁ‘erings,
expand targeted customer segments and provide economic incentives to attract new subscribers and retain existing subscribers. These new simpliﬁed rate
plans further incentivize subscribers to utilize their existing handsets when purchasing Nextel Brazil's services, which generally result in similar or higher
service ARPU levels. During the fourth quarter of 2015, Nextel Brazil launched promotions to increase prices on certain rate plans, which resulted in higher
service ARPU levels for new WCDMA subscribers during 2016 compared to the levels experienced during the fourth quarter of 2015. In addition, during the
second quarter of 2016, Nextel Brazil modiﬁed its billing process, which allows Nextel Brazil to retain a larger portion of its customer billings. This
modiﬁcation resulted in decreases in certain revenue-based taxes and contributed to the improvement in Nextel Brazil's service ARPU in 2016.
Nextel Brazil continues to offer services on its iDEN network, which does not support data services that are competitive with the higher speed data
services offered by its competitors or available on its WCDMA network. As a result, Nextel Brazil has had to offer iDEN service plans with lowerARPU levels
to retain subscribers on its iDEN network and offer incentives to transition those subscribers to services on its WCDMA network. Nextel Brazil has
experienced net subscriber losses and overall declines in its iDEN service ARPU; however, Nextel Brazil's iDEN service ARPU increased in the third quarter
of 20 1 6 as the result of an annual inﬂationary price adjustment.
In connection with our emergence from Chapter 11 in 2015, we made a number of changes within our senior management team and modiﬁed our
business plan to reﬂect our available cash resources and the impact of the current and expected economic and competitive conditions in Brazil on both our
subscriber growth and revenues, and aligned our costs with this revised outlook. As a result, we targeted less aggressive subscriber growth in 2016 than in
prior years with a focus on attracting high value subscribers while simultaneously reducing operating expenses and handset subsidies.
In May 2016, Nextel Brazil entered into an amendment to a nationwide roaming voice and data services agreement with Telefonica to reduce the usage
rates for roaming trafﬁc. Concurrently, Nextel Brazil entered into a 10-year RAN sharing agreement with Telefonica under which Telefonica will permit
Nextel Brazil to use some of its tower and equipment infrastructure to transmit telecommunications signals on Nextel Brazil's spectrum. Nextel Brazil expects
to use this RAN sharing agreement to fulﬁll the regulatory coverage obligations under its spectrum licenses rather than utilizing its own network. These
agreements require Nextel Brazil to meet certain minimum annual commitments over a ﬁve-year period totaling 800 million Brazilian reais, or approximately
$246.2 million based on foreign currency exchange rates at the time, which replaced the remaining commitments under the original roaming agreement.
Nextel Brazil was required to prepay 250 million Brazilian reais, or approximately $76.9 million based on foreign currency exchange rates at the time,
shortly after the agreements became effective with receipt of regulatory approvals, which occurred in August 2016. We are allocating the aggregate 800
million Brazilian reais in minimum payments on a relative fair value basis to the services being received. We are recognizing approximately 318 million
Brazilian reais on a ratable basis over a period of ﬁve years for the amended roaming agreement, which began in August 2016, and approximately 482
million Brazilian reais over a period of approximately eight years for the RAN sharing agreement, which began in October 2016.
In the fourth quarter of 20 1 6, Nextel Brazil negotiated the early termination of leases for approximately 600 transmitter and receiver sites in connection
with this agreement and recognized $21.4 million in restructuring costs that we expect to be disbursed over the next eight years. We expect to incur
restructuring costs of approximately $30.0 million in 2017 in connection with the termination of an additional 1,400 transmitter and receiver sites in low-
usage areas, which would reduce future operating expenses from savings in rent, maintenance and energy costs. The actual amount of future savings will
depend on our ability to early terminate
38