becomes null and void. Notwithstanding the restrictions contained in this Section 10, Employee shall be permitted to make necessary
disclosures to members of Employee’s immediate family or Employee’s attorneys and advisors concerning the terms of this
Agreement, provided they agree to be bound by the terms of this promise of conﬁdentiality, with Employee to be responsible for their
compliance. Employee acknowledges that in addition to the promises contained in this Agreement, he remains bound by the Non-
Competition and Conﬁdentiality Agreement between the Parties.
1 1. .StatementsRegarding,thejlarties
The Parties agree not to do or say or write anything, directly or indirectly, that reasonably may be expected to have the effect of
criticizing or disparaging the other Party. In addition, the Employee agrees not to do or say or write anything, directly or indirectly, that
reasonably may be expected to have the effect of criticizing or disparaging any director of NH; any of NII’s employees, ofﬁcers or
agents; or diminishing or impairing the goodwill and reputation of NH or the products and services it provides. Employee further
agrees not to assert that any current or former employee, agent, director or ofﬁcer of NH has acted improperly or unlawfully with
respect to Employee or any other person regarding employment.
12. CooperationﬂithLitigation,
Employee will cooperate fully with NH in its defense of any lawsuit ﬁled over matters that occurred during the course of
Employee’s employment with NH, and Employee agrees to provide full and accurate information with respect to the same.
13. LitigationAssistance,
Employee agrees that, unless compelled by valid subpoena or other court order, and in such case only after providing sufﬁcient
notice to NH of such subpoena or court order to allow NII a reasonable opportunity to object to the same, Employee shall not, directly
or indirectly, assist any person or entity in connection with any potential or actual litigation against N11 or any other of the Released
Parties described in Section 3 of this Agreement.
14. Executionnfjlocuments,
Each of the parties hereto shall execute any and all further documents and perform any and all further acts reasonably necessary
or useful in carrying out the provisions of this Agreement.
15. Invalid Provisions
The invalidity or unenforceability of any particular provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
any other provisions hereof, and this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provision were
omitted.
16. Acknowledgment
Employee acknowledges that Employee has signed this Agreement ﬁeely and voluntarily without duress of any kind.
Employee has conferred with an attorney or has knowingly and voluntarily chosen not to confer with an attorney about the Agreement.