Item 1A. Risk Factors
Investors should be aware that we and our business are subject to various risks, including the risks described below. Our business, ﬁnancial condition or
results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these
risks, and investors may lose all or part of any investment. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward—looking statements
that we make as a result of a variety of factors, including the risks described below. Please note that additional risks not presently known to us or that we
currently deem immaterial may also impair our business and operations.
Risks Relating to Our Business and Results
1. Because our free cash ﬂow was negative, and is expected to continue to be negative, we will likely need to meet our obligations and fund our working
capital with cash on hand and through the recovery of amounts held in escrow and used to secure performance bonds.
Our free cash ﬂow was negative in 2016, and based on our current plans, we expect our free cash ﬂow to remain negative through at least 2017. Our
current plans are based on a number of key assumptions relating to, among other things, our ability to manage our capital and operating expenses and to
attract and retain customers. If any of our assumptions are not borne out or are otherwise not correct, our free cash ﬂow could continue to be negative for an
extended period of time. There can be no assurance that we will succeed in executing on our plans or that we will generate positive free cash ﬂow in the
ﬁlture.
Our current sources of ﬁnding include our cash and short-term investments, cash held in escrow to secure our indemniﬁcation obligations in
connection with the sale of Nextel Mexico, and cash pledged as collateral to secure certain performance bonds relating to our obligations to deploy our
WCDMA spectrum in Brazil.
Based on the weak economy and challenging competitive environment in Brazil that we anticipate will continue, as well as the continued decline of
our iDEN business, we expect that our cash ﬂow from operations will be negative in 2017. In addition, we expect that our capital expenditures for 2017 will
be at a similar level as 2016. During 2017, we are also required to pay an estimated $225.0 million for principal and interest in connection with our debt
service obligations, including capital leases. As a result, we believe our current sources of funding may not be adequate to fund our business beyond the ﬁrst
quarter of 2018, and that we will need to obtain debt service relief from our lenders or to raise incremental capital to fund our business plan. We believe that
the uncertainties relating to our business make it difﬁcult for us to obtain new capital. Furthermore, if the ultimate amount recovered from our cash held in
escrow or our cash pledged to secure performance bonds is not fully available to us or is delayed for a signiﬁcant amount of time, we would need to obtain
additional funding within the next six to twelve months and signiﬁcantly reduce our planned spending to further preserve our liquidity. If we cannot reach an
agreement with our lenders to modify the terms of our loans, obtain suitable ﬁnancing if and when it is required, or obtain access to a signiﬁcant portion of
the escrowed ﬁinds as anticipated in our business plan, our results of operations and liquidity would be negatively impacted, and we may be unable to settle
our obligations as they come due.
2. There is substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern.
Our results of operations, including our operating revenues and operating cash ﬂows, have been negatively affected by a number of factors, including
signiﬁcant deterioration in economic conditions in Brazil, increased competitive pressure, the overall depreciation of the value of the Brazilian real relative
to the US. dollar, and the decline in our iDEN subscriber base resulting from the limited digital services available on our legacy iDEN network. These and
other factors resulted in a reduction in our subscriber growth and revenues at a time when our costs reﬂected the operation of both of our networks and had a
signiﬁcant negative impact on our results and our ability to grow our revenue base to a level sufficient to reach the scale required to generate positive
operating income.
We believe that the wireless communications industry in Brazil has been and will continue to be characterized by intense competition on the basis of
price; the types of services offered; variety, features and pricing of handsets; speed of data access; and quality of service. In recent years, the prices we have
been able to charge for services in Brazil have declined as a result of intensiﬁed price competition, including the introduction by our competitors of
aggressive pricing promotions, such as plans that allow shared minutes between groups of callers and even more aggressive pricing plans that provide more
services for lower rates than some of the plans we offer, which together with the impact of deteriorating economic conditions, reduced the number of new
subscribers we added to our network in 2016. This increased competition may continue to affect our ability to attract and retain subscribers in the future.
The negative impact of the factors discussed above on our results of operations may also adversely affect our ability to comply with certain ﬁnancial
covenants in our existing debt obligations. In connection with the agreements governing Nextel
10