Our ﬁiture capital expenditures may also be affected by future technology improvements, technology choices and our available capital.
Covenants Under Financing Agreements. As of December 31, 2016, we had $237.4 million principal amount outstanding under Nextel Brazil's local
bank loans. As discussed in more detail in Note 1 and Note 7 to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements, we are required to meet a net debt ﬁnancial covenant
semiannually in connection with the agreements governing Nextel Brazil's local bank loans. In August 2016, Nextel Brazil secured waivers from the lenders
of its local bank loans related to this ﬁnancial covenant for the June 30, 2016 measurement date. In February 2017, Nextel Brazil secured additional waivers
from the lenders of these loans related to this ﬁnancial covenant as of December 31, 2016. The waivers also provide for a "covenant holiday" inclusive of the
June 30, 2017 testing period, during which time no compliance will be required with respect to the net debt ﬁnancial covenant. The next measurement date
for this ﬁnancial covenant will be December 31, 2017. Based on our current outlook, which reﬂects signiﬁcant uncertainty about the economic and
competitive conditions in Brazil that are currently impacting our ability to increase our revenues and generate proﬁtability, we believe it is unlikely that we
will satisfy one of the applicable ﬁnancial covenants included in both of Nextel Brazil's local bank loan agreements as of the next measurement date at
December 31, 2017. If we are unable to negotiate amendments to the existing loan agreements or secure waivers from the lenders, we could be in default. If a
default occurs, the lenders could require us to repay the amounts outstanding under these arrangements. As a result of this uncertainty, we have continued to
classify the amounts outstanding under Nextel Brazil's local bank loans as current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2016. In
addition, Nextel Brazil's local bank loans and its equipment ﬁnancing facility each contain cross-acceleration provisions.
In February 2017, Nextel Brazil and the lenders of our local bank loans entered into amendments to these loan agreements. The amendments provide,
among other things, a 120-day standstill period, effective March 2, 2017, during which time no amortization payments will be required with respect to the
related loans while Nextel Brazil seeks to negotiate long-term modiﬁcations of the ﬁnancing arrangements, including potential ﬁirther extensions of the
existing amortization relief. To the extent Nextel Brazil is unable to agree on long-term amendments by July 2017, we will be required to make catch—up
principal payments totaling 84.4 million Brazilian reais, or approximately $25.2 million based on current foreign currency exchange rates, followed by the
resumption of the amortization schedule contained in the amended agreements.
In December 2014, Nextel Brazil and the lender under the equipment ﬁnancing facility agreed to amend this facility to remove all ﬁnancial covenants
beginning with the December 31, 2014 measurement date through the June 30, 2017 measurement date so that the ﬁrst measurement date under the amended
facility will be December 31, 2017. Based on our current outlook, we believe it is unlikely that we will satisfy the applicable ﬁnancial covenants included in
Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility as of the next measurement date at December 31, 2017. As of December 31, 2016, we had $293.6 million
principal amount outstanding under Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility. As a result of the events of default described below, we have continued to
classify the amount outstanding under this facility as a current liability in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2016.
In December 2015, Nextel Brazil participated in a spectrum auction and was the successful bidder for 30 MHz of spectrum in the 1.8 GHz band for 455
million Brazilian reais, or approximately $116.7 million based on foreign currency exchange rates at the time. In July 2016, Nextel Brazil paid 45.5 million
Brazilian reais, or approximately $14.0 million based on foreign currency exchange rates at the time, in connection with the signing of this license
agreement. Nextel Brazil elected to accept the govemment-provided spectrum ﬁnancing for the remaining amount due under this spectrum ﬁnancing. In
connection with the foregoing, we are in the process of securing waivers from the lender of Nextel Brazil's equipment ﬁnancing facility to permit Nextel
Brazil to incur and maintain this spectrum ﬁnancing. In addition, we have requested waivers of an event of default that resulted from a failure to timely notify
this lender of a permitted merger that occurred between two guarantors in Brazil. As a result of either of these events of default, the lender of Nextel Brazil's
equipment ﬁnancing facility could provide notice to declare the amounts outstanding under this facility due and payable.
Future Outlook, Liquidity and Going Concern. Our current sources of ﬁnding include $331.2 million in cash and short-term investments, $163.4
million in cash held in escrow to secure our indemniﬁcation obligations in connection with the sale of Nextel Mexico, and $87.4 million in cash pledged as
collateral to secure certain performance bonds relating to our obligations to deploy our WCDMA spectrum in Brazil. Based on the weak economy and
challenging competitive environment in Brazil that we anticipate will continue, as well as the continued decline of our iDEN business, we expect that our
cash ﬂow from operations will be negative in 2017. In addition, we expect that our capital expenditures for 2017 will be at a similar level as 2016. During
2017, we are also required to pay an estimated $225.0 million for principal and interest in connection with our debt service obligations, including capital
leases. As a result, we believe our current sources of funding may not be adequate to ﬁnd our business beyond the ﬁrst quarter of 20 1 8, and that we will need
to obtain debt service relief from our lenders or to raise incremental capital to fund our business plan. We believe that the uncertainties relating to our
business make it difﬁcult for us to obtain new capital. Furthermore, if the ultimate amount recovered from our cash held in escrow or our cash pledged to
secure performance bonds is not ﬁilly
48