on our estimate of the fair value of our debt obligations. We allocated the non-cash asset impairment charge ﬁrst to reduce the $36.8 million carrying value of
our trademark intangible asset to zero, and the remainder between property, plant and equipment, and spectrum licenses on a pro rata basis.
Foreign Currency. We translate Nextel Brazil's results of operations from the Brazilian real to the U.S. dollar using average exchange rates for the
relevant period. We translate assets and liabilities using the exchange rate in effect at the relevant reporting date. We report the resulting gains or losses from
translating foreign currency ﬁnancial statements as other comprehensive income or loss. Because we translate Nextel Brazil's operations using average
exchange rates, its operating trends may be impacted by the translation.
We report the effect of changes in exchange rates on U.S. dollar-denominated assets and liabilities held by Nextel Brazil as foreign currency transaction
gains or losses. We report the effect of changes in exchange rates on intercompany transactions of a long-term investment nature as part of the cumulative
foreign currency translation adjustment in our consolidated ﬁnancial statements. The intercompany transactions that, in our View, are of a long-term
investment nature include certain intercompany loans and advances from our U.S. and Luxembourg subsidiaries to Nextel Brazil. In contrast, we report the
effect of exchange rates on U.S. dollar-denominated intercompany loans and advances to our foreign subsidiaries that are due, or for which repayment is
anticipated in the foreseeable future, as foreign currency transaction gains or losses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. As a result, our
determination of whether intercompany loans and advances are of a long-term investment nature can have a signiﬁcant impact on how we report foreign
currency transaction gains and losses in our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
Loss Contingencies. We account for and disclose loss contingencies such as pending litigation and actual or possible claims and assessments in
accordance with the FASB’s authoritative guidance on accounting for contingencies. We accrue for loss contingencies if it is probable that a loss will occur
and if the loss can be reasonably estimated. We disclose, but do not accrue for, material loss contingencies if it is reasonably possible that a loss will occur or
if the loss cannot be reasonably estimated. We do not accrue for or disclose loss contingencies if there is only a remote possibility that the loss will occur. The
FASB’s authoritative guidance requires us to make judgments regarding ﬁiture events, including an assessment relating to the likelihood that a loss may
occur and an estimate of the amount of such loss. In assessing loss contingencies, we often seek the assistance of our legal counsel and in some instances, of
third party legal counsel. As a result of the signiﬁcant judgment required in assessing and estimating loss contingencies, actual losses realized in future
periods could differ signiﬁcantly from our estimates.
Income Taxes. We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which we recognize deferred income taxes for diﬁ‘erences
between the ﬁnancial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities, as well as for tax loss carryforwards and tax credit
carryforwards. We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those
temporary differences are expected to be recoverable or settled. We recognize the effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. We provide a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets if, based upon the weight of available evidence, we do not believe
it is “more-likely-than-not” that some or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized.
The realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of ﬁlture taxable income sufﬁcient to realize our tax loss carryforwards and other
tax deductions. As of December 31, 2016, we recorded full valuation allowances on the deferred tax assets of Nextel Brazil, our U.S. parent company and
subsidiaries and our foreign holding companies due to substantial negative evidence, including the recent history of cumulative losses and the projected
losses for 2017 and subsequent years. As a result, the valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets increased by $1.7 billion during 2016. We do not
anticipate that we will recognize signiﬁcant tax beneﬁts with respect to our deferred tax assets.
We are subject to income taxes in both the U.S. and the non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate. Certain of our entities are under examination by the
relevant taxing authorities for various tax years. We regularly assess the potential outcome of current and future examinations in each of the taxing
jurisdictions when determining the adequacy of the provision for income taxes. We have only recorded ﬁnancial statement beneﬁts for tax positions that we
believe reﬂect the “more-likely-than-not” criteria of the FASB’s authoritative guidance on accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, and we have
established income tax reserves in accordance with this guidance where necessary. Once a ﬁnancial statement beneﬁt for a tax position is recorded or a tax
reserve is established, we adjust it only when there is more information available or when an event occurs necessitating a change. While we believe that the
amount of the recorded ﬁnancial statement beneﬁts and tax reserves reﬂect the more-likely-than-not criteria, it is possible that the ultimate outcome of
current or future examinations may result in a reduction to the tax beneﬁts previously recorded on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements or may exceed the
current income tax reserves in amounts that could be material.
32