In general, a US. corporation may claim a foreign tax credit against its federal income tax expense for foreign withholding taxes and, under certain
circumstances, for its share of foreign income taxes paid directly by foreign corporate entities in which the company owns 10% or more of the voting stock.
Our ability to claim foreign tax credits is, however, subject to numerous limitations, and we may incur incremental tax costs as a result of these limitations or
because we do not have US. Federal taxable income.
We may also be required to include in our income for U.S. Federal income tax purposes our proportionate share of speciﬁed earnings of our foreign
corporate subsidiaries that are classiﬁed as controlled foreign corporations, without regard to whether distributions have been actually received from these
subsidiaries.
f. We have entered into a number of agreements that are subject to enforcement in foreign countries, which may limit eﬂicient dispute resolution.
Anumber of the agreements that we and our subsidiaries enter into with third parties are governed by the laws of, and are subject to dispute resolution
in the courts of or through arbitration proceedings in, the countries or regions in which the operations are located. We cannot accurately predict whether these
forums will provide effective and efﬁcient means of resolving disputes that may arise. Even if we are able to obtain a satisfactory decision through arbitration
or a court proceeding, we could have difﬁculty enforcing any award or judgment on a timely basis. Our ability to obtain or enforce relief in the US. is also
uncertain.
5. The costs we incur to connect our networks with those of other carriers are subject to local laws and may increase, which could adversely impact our
ﬁnancial results.
Nextel Brazil must connect its telecommunication networks with those of other carriers in order to provide the services we offer. We incur costs relating
to these interconnection arrangements and for local, long distance and data transport services relating to the connection of our transmitter sites and other
network equipment. These costs include interconnection charges and fees, charges for terminating calls on the other carriers’ networks and transport costs,
most of which are measured based on the level of our use of the related services. We are able to recover a portion of these costs through revenues earned from
charges we are entitled to bill other carriers for terminating calls on our network, but because users of mobile telecommunications services who purchase
those services under contract generally, and business customers like ours in particular, tend to make more calls that terminate on other carriers’ networks and
because we have a smaller number of customers than most other carriers, we incur more charges than we are entitled to receive under these arrangements. The
terms of the interconnection and transport arrangements, including the rates that we pay, are subject to varying degrees of local regulation, and often require
us to negotiate agreements with the other carriers, most of which are our competitors, in order to provide our services. Our costs relating to these
interconnection and transport arrangements are subject to ﬂuctuation both as a result of changes in regulations and the negotiations with the other carriers.
Changes in our customers’ calling patterns that result in more of our customers’ calls terminating on our competitors’ networks and changes in the
interconnection arrangements either as a result of regulatory changes or negotiated terms that are less favorable to us could result in increased costs for the
related services that we may not be able to recover through increased revenues, which could adversely impact our ﬁnancial results.
6. Our failure to maintain eﬁ’ective internal controls over ﬁnancial reporting may adversely affect the accuracy and timeliness of our ﬁnancial
reporting.
As described in "Part H. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures," included in this annual report on Form 10-K, we disclosed a material weakness in internal
control over ﬁnancial reporting related to Nextel Brazil's control environment and information and communication processes. Nextel Brazil's control
environment was not effective because an appropriate tone at the top was not established at Nextel Brazil. In addition, the information and communication
process was not effective because we did not identify information necessary to account for leases, certain accrued liabilities and operating expenses. As a
result, we did not design and operate effective process level controls over the completeness and accuracy of data and assumptions used to support accounting
analyses and reconciliations for the related accounts. Management is committed to remediating the material weakness in Nextel Brazil's internal control over
ﬁnancial reporting.
Our inability to maintain effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, as described above, combined with issues or delays in implementing
improvements, could result in a material misstatement to our ﬁnancial statements or other disclosures, which could have an adverse effect on our business,
ﬁnancial condition or results of operations.
17