REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board of Directors and Stockholders
NII Holdings, Inc.:
We have audited NII Holdings, Inc.’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). NII Holdings, Inc.’s management
is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting, included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company's internal control over ﬁnancial reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about Whether effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
A company's internal control over ﬁnancial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of ﬁnancial reporting
and the preparation of ﬁnancial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control
over ﬁnancial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of ﬁnancial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the ﬁnancial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Amaterial weakness is a deﬁciency, or a combination of deﬁciencies, in internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the company’s annual or interim ﬁnancial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Amaterial weakness
related to an ineffective tone at the top at Nextel Brazil which could result in management override of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting and an
ineffective information and communication process related to the identiﬁcation of information necessary to account for leases, certain accrued liabilities and
operating expenses resulting in ineffective process-level controls over the completeness and accuracy of data and assumptions used to support accounting
analyses and reconciliations for the related accounts was identiﬁed and included in management’s assessment.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets
of N11 Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 (Successor), and the related statements of comprehensive (loss) income, changes in
stockholders' equity, and cash ﬂows for the year ended December 31, 2016 (Successor), for the six month periods ended December 31, 2015 (Successor) and
June 30, 2015 (Predecessor) and for the year ended December 31, 2014 (Predecessor). The material weakness was considered in determining the nature,
timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2016 consolidated ﬁnancial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated March 9,
2017, which expressed an unqualiﬁed opinion on those consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In our opinion, because of the effect of the aforementioned material weakness on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, NII Holdings, Inc.
has not maintained effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
/s/ KPMG LLP
McLean, Virginia
March 9, 2017
F—3