NII HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATENIENTS
Short-Term Investments. We classify investments in debt securities as available-for—sale as of the balance sheet date and report them at fair value. We
record unrealized gains and losses, net of income tax, as other comprehensive income or loss. We report realized gains or losses, as determined on a speciﬁc
identiﬁcation basis, and other-than—temporary declines in value, if any, in net other expense in our consolidated statement of comprehensive (loss) income.
We assess declines in the value of individual investments to determine whether the decline is other-than-temporary and thus the investment is impaired. We
make these assessments by considering available evidence, including changes in general market conditions, speciﬁc industry and individual company data,
the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than cost, the ﬁnancial condition and near-term prospects of the individual
company and our intent and ability to hold the investment. As of December 31, 2016, the time deposits we held were not material. As of December 31, 2015,
we had $9.3 million in time deposits. See Note 8 for additional information.
Handset and Accessory Inventory. We record handsets and accessories at the lower of cost or their net realizable value. We determine cost by the
weighted average costing method. We expense handset costs at the time of sale and classify such costs in cost of handsets and accessories. Inventory cost
includes amounts associated with non-income based taxes.
We analyze the net realizable value of handset and accessory inventory on a periodic basis. This analysis includes an assessment of the obsolescence of
individual devices, our sales forecasts and other factors. For the year ended December 31, 2016, we recorded losses related to inventory obsolescence of $1.7
million. In addition, for the six months ended December 31, 2015 and for the year ended December 31, 2014, we recorded losses related to inventory
obsolescence of $2.2 million and $29.3 million, respectively. We did not record any losses related to inventory obsolescence during the six months ended
June 30, 2015.
Property, Plant and Equipment. We record property, plant and equipment, including improvements that extend useﬁll lives or enhance functionality,
at cost, while we charge maintenance and repairs to expense as incurred.
We capitalize internal and external costs incurred to develop intemal-use software, which consist primarily of costs related to conﬁguration, interfaces,
installation and testing. We also capitalize internal and external costs incurred to develop speciﬁed upgrades and enhancements if they result in signiﬁcant
additional ﬁinctionalities for our existing software. We expense all costs related to evaluation of software needs, data conversion, training, maintenance and
otherpost-implementation operating activities.
We calculate depreciation using the straight-line method based on estimated useful lives ranging from 3 to 30 years for network equipment,
communication towers and network software and 3 to 10 years for software, ofﬁce equipment, ﬁlmiture and ﬁxtures, and other, which includes non—network
internal use software. We include depreciation expense on our capital leases in accumulated depreciation. We amortize leasehold improvements over the
shorter of the lease terms or the useful lives of the improvements.
Construction in progress includes internal and external labor, materials, transmission and related equipment, engineering, site development, interest
and other costs relating to the construction and development of our wireless network. We do not depreciate assets under construction until they are ready for
their intended use. We capitalize interest and other costs, including labor and software upgrades, which are applicable to the construction of, and signiﬁcant
improvements that enhance functionality to, our network equipment.
As of June 30, 2015, in connection with the implementation of fresh start accounting, we adjusted our property, plant and equipment to its estimated
fair value and revised the depreciable lives. We will continue to periodically review the depreciation method, useful lives and estimated salvage value of our
property, plant and equipment and revise those estimates if current estimates are signiﬁcantly different from previous estimates.
Asset Retirement Obligations. We record an asset retirement obligation, or ARO, and an associated asset retirement cost, or ARC, when we have a
legal obligation in connection with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets. Our obligations arise from certain of our leases and relate primarily to the
cost of removing our communication towers and network equipment from leased sites. We recognize an ARC, and the associated ARC, in the period in which
it is incurred at fair value computed using discounted cash ﬂow techniques. The liability is then accreted over time until the obligation is settled and the
ARC is depreciated over the useful life of the related assets.
We make adjustments for changes to either the timing or amount of the estimated future settlement obligation in the period incurred. We recognize
increases in the present value of the AROs as an additional liability and add this amount to the carrying amount of the associated ARC. We record decreases
as a reduction in both the recorded liability and the carrying amount of the associated ARC.
F—l 1