Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
to the decrease in discount rates partially offset by assumption changes, primarily the U.S. mortality improvement scale. At December 31, 2016 $2.9 billion of
the unamortized pre-tax actuarial loss is outside the corridor (10% of the projected beneﬁt obligation (PBO)) and subject to amortization. The weighted-
average amortization period is approximately twelve years resulting in amortization expense of $0.2 billion in 2017.
The underfunded status of the U.S. pension plans decreased by $3.2 billion in the year ended December 31, 2016 to $7.2 billion due primarily to: (1) a
favorable effect of actual returns on plan assets of $4.0 billion; (2) contributions of $2.1 billion; and (3) favorable assumption changes, primarily the U.S.
mortality improvement scale of $0.9 billion; partially offset by (4) interest and service cost of $2.4 billion; and (5) an unfavorable effect due to a decrease in
discount rates of $ 1 .5 billion.
The following table illustrates the sensitivity to a change in certain assumptions for the pension plans, holding all other assumptions constant:
U.S. Plans(a) Non-U.S. Plans(a)
Effect on Effect on
Effect on 2017 December 31, Effect on 2017 December 31,
Pension Expense _ 2016 PBO _ Pension Expense _ 2016 PBO
[25 basis point decrease in discount rate -$78 +$ 1,726 +$39 +$788l
25 basis point increase in discount rate +$5 9 -$ 1,652 -$ 13 -$745
[25 basis point decrease in expected rate of return on assets +$147 N/A +$31 N/Al
25 basis point increase in expected rate of return on assets -$ 147 N/A -$31 N/A
ﬁéfhreieinsiﬁvity does not include the effects of the individual annual yield curve rates applied for the calculation of the service cost and interest cost effective in 2016.
Refer to Note 14 to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements for additional information on pension contributions, investment strategies, assumptions, the
change in beneﬁt obligations and related plan assets, pension funding requirements and future net beneﬁt payments. Refer to Note 2 to our consolidated
ﬁnancial statements for a discussion of the inputs used to determine fair value for each signiﬁcant asset class or category.
Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets The ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on the ability to generate sufﬁcient taxable income within the
carryback or carryforward periods provided for in the tax law for each applicable tax jurisdiction. The assessment regarding whether a valuation allowance is
required or should be adjusted is based on an evaluation of possible sources of taxable income and also considers all available positive and negative
evidence factors. Our accounting for the valuation of deferred tax assets represents our best estimate of ﬁJture events. Changes in our current estimates, due to
unanticipated market conditions, governmental legislative actions or events, could have a material effect on our ability to utilize deferred tax assets.
At December 31, 2016 total deferred tax assets were $40 billion and valuation allowances against those deferred tax assets were $4.6 billion. Refer to Note
16 to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements for additional information on the composition of these valuation allowances.
If law is enacted that reduces the U.S. statutory tax rate, we would record a signiﬁcant, one-time reduction to the net deferred tax assets and related increase
to income tax expense in the period that includes the enactment date of the tax rate change.
Valuation of GM Financial Equipment on Operating Leases Assets and Residuals GM Financial has investments in leased vehicles recorded as operating
leases, which relate to vehicle leases to retail customers with lease terms ranging from two to ﬁve years. At the beginning of the lease contract a determination
is made of the estimated realizable value (i.e., residual value) of the vehicle at the end of the lease term, which is the critical assumption underlying the
estimated carrying value of leased assets. The estimated realizable value is based on the lower of the contracted residual value or the current market estimate
of residual value based on independent lease guides. Since the customer is not obligated to purchase the vehicle at the end of the contract, GM Financial is
exposed to a risk of loss to the extent the value of the vehicle at the end of the lease term is below the residual value estimated at contract inception. Over the
life of the lease GM Financial evaluates the adequacy of the estimate of the residual value and may make adjustments to the extent the expected value of the
vehicle at lease termination changes. Adjustments could result in a change in the depreciation rate of the leased asset or if an impairment exists, an
impairment charge.
The following table summarizes vehicles included in GM Financial equipment on operating leases, net (vehicles in thousands):
3 8