Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
and unsecured debt markets; the performance of loans and leases in its portfolio, which could be materially affected by delinquencies, defaults or
prepayments; wholesale auction values of used vehicles; higher than expected vehicle return rates and the residual value performance on vehicles GM
Financial leases to customers; ﬂuctuations in interest rates and currencies; and changes to regulation, supervision and licensing across various jurisdictions,
including new regulations or sanctions imposed in the US. by the Department of Justice, SEC and Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
Our deﬁned beneﬁt pension plans are currently underfunded and our pension funding requirements could increase significantly due to a reduction in
funded status as a result of a variety of factors, including weak performance of ﬁnancial markets, declining interest rates, changes in laws or regulations,
changes in assumptions or investments that do not achieve adequate returns. Our employee beneﬁt plans currently hold a signiﬁcant amount of equity and
ﬁxed income securities. Adetailed description of the investment funds and strategies is disclosed in Note 14 to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements, which
also describes signiﬁcant concentrations of risk to the plan investments.
There are additional risks due to the complexity and magnitude of our investments. Examples include implementation of signiﬁcant changes in investment
policy, insufﬁcient market liquidity in particular asset classes and the inability to quickly rebalance illiquid and long-term investments.
Our ﬁiture funding requirements for our US. deﬁned beneﬁt pension plans depend upon the ﬁiture performance of assets placed in trusts for these plans, the
level of interest rates used to determine funding levels, the level of beneﬁts provided for by the plans and any changes in government laws and regulations.
Future funding requirements generally increase if the discount rate decreases or if actual asset returns are lower than expected asset returns, assuming other
factors are held constant. Our potential funding requirements are described in Note 14 to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
Factors which affect ﬁlture ﬁlnding requirements for our US. deﬁned beneﬁt plans generally affect the required funding for non-US. plans. Certain plans
outside the US. do not have assets and therefore the obligation is ﬁinded as beneﬁts are paid. If local legal authorities increase the minimum ﬁinding
requirements for our non—U.S. plans, we could be required to contribute more ﬁinds.
>l< * >l< >l< >l< * >l<
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None
>l< * >l< >l< >l< * >l<
Item 2. Properties
At December 31, 2016 we had over 100 locations in the U.S., excluding our automotive ﬁnancing operations and dealerships, which are primarily for
manufacturing, assembly, distribution, warehousing, engineering and testing. Leased properties are primarily composed of warehouses and administration,
engineering and sales offices.
We have manufacturing, assembly, distribution, ofﬁce or warehousing operations in 61 countries, including equity interests in associated companies which
perform manufacturing, assembly, or distribution operations. The major facilities outside the U.S., which are principally vehicle manufacturing and assembly
operations, are located in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Colombia, Ecuador, Egypt, Germany, Kenya, Mexico, Poland, South Aﬁica, South
Korea, Spain, Thailand and the UK.
GM Financial leases facilities for administration and regional credit centers. GM Financial has 50 facilities, of which 25 are located in the US. The major
facilities outside the US. are located in Brazil, Canada, China, Germany, Mexico and the UK.
We, our subsidiaries, or associated companies in which we own an equity interest, own most of the above facilities.
>l< * >l< >l< >l< * >l<
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
16