SAIC GENERAL MOTORS CORP., LTD AND SUBSIDIARIES
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements
1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES - continued
(e) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and in banks, and time deposits with ﬁnancial institutions that are
short-term in nature and available at any time, and money market funds which are short-term and highly-liquid
investments with original maturities of 90 days or less. The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments with
original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company deposits most of its cash in PRC state-
owned banks, Shanghai Automotive Industrial Group Finance Co., Ltd ("SAIC-Finance"), a SAIC related party and
SAIC-GMAC Automotive Finance Co., Ltd. ("SAIC-GMAC"), an equity investment of the Company.
(/9 Inventories
Inventories are stated at lower of cost or market. Market, which represents selling price less cost to sell, considers general
market and economic conditions, periodic reviews of current proﬁtability of vehicles and the effect of current incentive
offers at the balance sheet date. Productive material, work-in-process, supplies and service parts are reviewed to
determine if inventory quantities are in excess of forecasted usage, or if they have become obsolete.
(g) Fair Value Measurements
A three-level valuation hierarchy, based upon observable and unobservable inputs, is used for fair value measurements.
Observable inputs reﬂect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reﬂect market
assumptions based on the best evidence available. These two types of inputs create the following fair value hierarchy:
- Level 1 — Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets;
- Level 2 — Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments
in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations whose signiﬁcant inputs are observable; and
- Level 3 — Instruments whose signiﬁcant inputs are unobservable.
Financial instruments are transferred in and/or out of Level 1, 2 or 3 at the beginning of the accounting period in which
there is a change in the valuation inputs.
The Company believes the fair value of its ﬁnancial instruments, principally cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts
receivable and trade accounts payable, approximate their recorded values due to the short-term nature of the instruments
or interest rates, which are comparable with current rates.
01) Equity in net assets ofnonconsolidatea' affiliates
Nonconsolidated afﬁliates are entities in which an equity ownership interest is maintained and for which the equity
method of accounting is used, due to the ability to exert signiﬁcant inﬂuence over their operating and ﬁnancial affairs.
_ _