SAIC GENERAL MOTORS CORP., LTD AND SUBSIDIARIES
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements
1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES - continued
(I) Impairment of Ion g-lived assets
Long-lived assets and intangible assets subject to amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When events and circumstances
warrant, the Company evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used in the business, other than
goodwill. If the carrying value of a long-lived asset group is considered impaired, a loss is recognized based on the
amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value for assets to be held and used. Fair value is determined
primarily using the anticipated cash ﬂows discounted at a rate commensurate with the risk involved. Long-lived assets to
be disposed of other than by sale are considered held for use until disposition.
(m) Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill and
intangible assets acquired in a business combination that are determined to have an indefinite useful life are not
amortized, but instead tested for impairment at least annually. The Company completes a two-step goodwill impairment
test, on an annual basis as of December 31, or more frequently when events occur or circumstances change such that it is
reasonably possible that impairment may exist. The first step of the impairment test requires the identiﬁcation of our
reporting units and comparison of the fair value of each of these reporting units to their respective carrying value. The fair
values of the reporting units are determined based on valuation techniques using the best information that is available,
such as discounted cash ﬂow projections. If the carrying value is less than the fair value, no impairment exists and the
second step is not performed. If the carrying value is higher than the fair value, there is an indication that impairment may
exist and the second step must be performed to compute the amount of the impairment. In the second step, the impairment
is computed by estimating the fair values of all recognized and unrecognized assets and liabilities of the reporting unit and
comparing the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill with the carrying amount of that unit's goodwill. The
annual impairment tests are performed in the fourth quarter of each year.
No impairments were recognized in the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
(n) Prepaid land use rights
All land in China is owned by the government, who, according to the laws, may sell the right to use the land for a
specified period of time. Prepaid land use rights are amortized on a straight-line method over the effective period of land
use rights.
(0) Revenue recognition
Automotive sales consist primarily of revenue generated from the sale of vehicles. Vehicle sales are recorded when title
and risks and rewards of ownership have passed to our customers.
_ _