Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
associated with previously announced vehicle recalls, the settlements of the multidistrict litigation and any other recall—related contingencies; (3) payments
to service debt and other long-term obligations, including discretionary and mandatory contributions to our pension plans; (4) dividend payments on our
common stock that are declared by our Board of Directors; and (5) payments to purchase shares of our common stock authorized by our Board of Directors.
Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the "Forward-Looking Statements" section of this
MD&A and Item 1A. Risk Factors, some of which are outside of our control.
We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long-term while maintaining an investment-grade
balance sheet. These actions may include opportunistic payments to reduce our long-term obligations as well as the possibility of acquisitions, dispositions,
investments with joint venture partners and strategic alliances that we believe would generate signiﬁcant advantages and substantially strengthen our
business. These actions may negatively impact our liquidity in the short term.
Our senior management evaluates our capital allocation program on an ongoing basis and recommends any modiﬁcations to the program to our Board of
Directors not less than once annually. Over the last six months of 2016, management conducted an extensive review of various capital allocation strategies
including consideration of potential variations in our capital structure, changes in the pacing and/or nature of return of capital to shareholders (including a
potential increase in our share repurchase program) and issuance or distribution of preferred or other securities. We regularly engage with our shareholders
and received input as to the views of certain of our shareholders on capital allocation during this review. Ultimately, management reafﬁrmed and our Board of
Directors approved the capital allocation program, which includes reinvesting in our business at an average target ROIC-adjusted rate of 20% or greater,
maintaining a strong investment grade balance sheet, including a target cash balance of $20 billion, and returning remaining free cash ﬂow to shareholders.
We also announced in January 2017 that our Board of Directors had authorized the purchase of up to an additional $5 billion of our common stock with no
expiration date, subsequent to completing the remaining portion of the previously announced programs.
As part of our capital allocation program we previously announced that our Board of Directors had authorized programs to purchase up to $5 billion and $4
billion of our common stock before the end of 2016 and 2017. We completed the $5 billion program in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $1
billion of the $4 billion program in the three months ended December 31, 2016. Through February 1, 2017 we had purchased an aggregate of 180 million
shares of our outstanding common stock under our common stock repurchase program for $6.0 billion. In the year ended December 31, 2016, we returned
total cash to shareholders of $4.8 billion, consisting of dividends paid on our common stock and purchases of our common stock.
In February 2016 we issued $2.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of automotive senior unsecured notes and used the entire net proceeds to fund
discretionary contributions to our U.S. hourly pension plan in the year ended December 31, 2016 to improve its ﬁinded status. Refer to Note 13 to our
consolidated ﬁnancial statements for additional information on the senior unsecured notes.
In May 2016 we amended our two primary revolving credit facilities, increasing our aggregate borrowing capacity from $12.5 billion to $14.5 billion.
These facilities consist of a three-year, $4.0 billion facility and a ﬁve-year, $10.5 billion facility. Both facilities are available to us as well as certain wholly-
owned subsidiaries, including GM Financial. The three-year, $4.0 billion facility allows for borrowings in U.S. Dollars and other currencies and includes a
GM Financial borrowing sub-limit of $1.0 billion and a letter of credit sub-facility of $1.0 billion. The ﬁve-year, $10.5 billion facility allows for borrowings
in U.S. Dollars and other currencies and includes a GM Financial borrowing sub-limit of $3.0 billion and a letter of credit sub-limit of $5 00 million.
Automotive Liquidity Total available liquidity includes cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and funds available under credit facilities. The
amount of available liquidity is subject to intra—month and seasonal ﬂuctuations and includes balances held by various business units and subsidiaries
worldwide that are needed to ﬁnd their operations.
We manage our liquidity primarily at our treasury centers as well as at certain of our signiﬁcant consolidated overseas subsidiaries. Over 90% of our
available liquidity excluding funds available under credit facilities was held within North America and at our regional treasury centers at December 31, 2016.
Our available liquidity includes approximately $0.6 billion deemed indeﬁnitely reinvested in our foreign subsidiaries. We have used and will continue to
use other methods including intercompany loans to utilize these funds across our global operations as needed.
Our cash equivalents and marketable securities balances are primarily denominated in U.S. Dollars and include investments in U.S. government and agency
obligations, foreign government securities, time deposits, corporate debt securities and mortgage
32