Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
We may continue to restructure or divest our operations in various countries, but we may not succeed in doing so. We face difficult market and operating
conditions in certain parts of the world that may require us to restructure or rationalize these operations, which may result in impairments. In many countries
across our regions we have experienced challenges in our operations and continue to strategically assess the manner in which we operate in certain countries.
As we continue to assess our performance throughout our regions, additional restructuring and rationalization actions may be required and may be material.
Our future competitiveness and ability to achieve long-term proﬁtability depends on our ability to control our costs, which requires us to successfully
implement operating eﬁ’ectiveness initiatives throughout our automotive operations. We are continuing to implement a number of operating effectiveness
initiatives to improve productivity and reduce costs. Our ﬁlture competitiveness depends upon our continued success in implementing these initiatives
throughout our automotive operations. While some of the elements of cost reduction are within our control, others, such as interest rates or return on
investments, which inﬂuence our expense for pensions, depend more on external factors, and there can be no assurance that such external factors will not
materially adversely affect our ability to reduce our costs. Reducing costs may prove difﬁcult due to our focus on increasing advertising and our belief that
engineering and other expenses necessary to improve the performance, safety and customer satisfaction of our vehicles and to continue to innovate our
technology and product offerings to meet changing customer needs and market developments are likely to increase.
Security breaches and other disruptions to our vehicles, information technology networks and systems could interfere with the safety of our customers or
our operations and could compromise the confidentiality of private customer data or our proprietary information. We rely upon information technology
networks and systems, including in-vehicle systems and mobile devices, some of which are managed by third—parties, to process, transmit and store electronic
information, and to manage or support a variety of vehicle or business processes and activities. Additionally we collect and store sensitive data, including
intellectual property, proprietary business information, proprietary business information of our dealers and suppliers, as well as personally identiﬁable
information of our customers and employees, in data centers and on information technology networks. The secure operation of these information technology
networks and in-vehicle systems, and the processing and maintenance of this information, is critical to our business operations and strategy. Despite security
measures and business continuity plans, our information technology networks and systems and in-vehicle systems may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions
or shutdowns due to attacks by hackers or breaches due to errors or malfeasance by employees, contractors and others who have access to our networks and
systems or computer viruses. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed,
publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. These occurrences could also impact vehicle safety. We have been the target of these types of attacks in the past and future
attacks are likely to occur. Ifsuccessful, these types of attacks on our network or systems, including in-vehicle systems and mobile devices, or service failures
could result in, among other things, the loss of proprietary data, interruptions or delays in our business operations and damage to our reputation. In addition,
any such access, disruption, technological failures, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory
penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disrupt operations and reduce the competitive advantage we hope to derive from our
investment in advanced technologies.
We rely on GM Financial to provide financial services to our dealers and customers in a majority of the markets in which we sell vehicles. GM Financial
faces a number of business, economic and financial risks that could impair its access to capital and negatively aﬁ’ect its business and operations and its
ability to provide leasing and financing to retail consumers and commercial lending to our dealers to support additional sales of our vehicles. We rely on
GM Financial in North America, Europe, South America and China to support leasing and sales of our vehicles to consumers requiring vehicle ﬁnancing and
also to provide commercial lending to our dealers. Any reduction in GM Financial's ability to provide such ﬁnancial services would negatively affect our
efforts to support additional sales of our vehicles and expand our market penetration among consumers and dealers.
As an entity operating in the ﬁnancial services sector, GM Financial is required to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations that may be costly to
adhere to and may affect our consolidated operating results. Compliance with these laws and regulations requires that GM Financial maintain forms,
processes, procedures, controls and the infrastructure to support these requirements and these laws and regulations often create operational constraints both
on GM Financial’s ability to implement servicing procedures and on pricing. Laws in the ﬁnancial services industry are designed primarily for the protection
of consumers. The failure to comply with these laws could result in signiﬁcant statutory civil and criminal penalties, monetary damages, attorneys’ fees and
costs, possible revocation of licenses and damage to reputation, brand and valued customer relationships.
The primary factors that could adversely aﬁ‘ect GM Financial's business and operations and reduce its ability to provide ﬁnancing services at competitive
rates include the availability of borrowings under its credit facilities to fund its retail and commercial ﬁnance activities; its ability to access a variety of
ﬁnancing sources including the asset-backed securities market and other secured
15