Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
time, temperature cycling and environmental moisture. On May 16, 2016 Takata issued its ﬁrst DIR in connection with the amended consent order, and on
January 3, 2017, Takata issued its second set of DIRs.
Although we do not believe there is a safety defect at this time in any GM vehicles within the scope of the Takata DIR, in cooperation with NHTSA we
ﬁled Preliminary DIRs on May 27, 2016, updated as of June 13, 2016, covering 2.5 million of certain of our GMT900 vehicles, which are full-size pick-up
trucks and SUVs. On November 15, 2016, we ﬁled a petition for inconsequentiality and request for deferral of determination regarding certain GMT900
vehicles equipped with Takata inﬂators. On November 28, 2016, NHTSA granted GM’s deferral request in connection with this petition. The deferral
provides GM until August 31, 2017 to present evidence and analysis that our vehicles do not pose an unreasonable risk to motor vehicle safety. We believe
that this timeline will permit us to complete our testing of the relevant non—desiccated Takata inﬂators in GMT900 vehicles and to prove to NHTSA that the
inﬂators in these vehicles do not present an unreasonable risk to safety and that no repair will ultimately be required.
Takata ﬁled a second set of equipment DIRs on January 3, 2017 and we ﬁled a second set of Preliminary DIRs for certain GMT900 vehicles on January 10,
2017. These January 2017 DIRs are consistent with GM’s May 2016 DIRs. On the same day, we also ﬁled a second petition for inconsequentiality and
deferral of decision with respect to the vehicles subject to our January 2017 DIRs. On January 18, 2017, NHTSA consolidated our ﬁrst and second petitions
for inconsequentiality and will rule on both at the same time.
We believe these vehicles are currently performing as designed and ongoing testing continues to support the belief that the vehicles' unique design and
integration mitigates against inﬂator degradation. For example, the airbag inﬂators used in the vehicles are a variant engineered speciﬁcally for our vehicles,
and include features such as greater venting, unique propellant wafer conﬁgurations, and machined steel end caps. The inﬂators are packaged in the
instrument panel in such a way as to minimize exposure to moisture from the climate control system. Also, these vehicles have features that minimize the
maximum temperature to which the inﬂator will be exposed, such as larger interior volumes and standard solar absorbing Windshields and side glass. We
believe that the results of ﬁirther testing and analysis will demonstrate that the vehicles do not present an unreasonable risk to safety and that no repair will
ultimately be required. Accordingly, no warranty provision has been made for any repair associated with our vehicles subject to the Preliminary DIRs and
amended consent order. However, in the event we are ultimately obligated to repair the inﬂators in these vehicles, we estimate a reasonably possible cost of
up to $880 million for the 6.9 million vehicles subject to either the Preliminary DIRs or future Takata DIRs under the amended consent order.
Through January 27, 2017 we were aware of one putative class action pending against GM in federal court in the U.S., one putative class action in Mexico
and seven putative class actions pending in various Provincial Courts in Canada arising out of allegations that airbag inﬂators manufactured by Takata are
defective. In addition, the New Mexico Attorney General has initiated litigation against Takata and numerous automotive manufacturers, including GM. At
this early stage of these proceedings, we are unable to provide an evaluation of the likelihood that a loss will be incurred or an estimate of the amounts or
range of possible loss.
Automotive Financing - GM Financial Summary and Outlook GM Financial has expanded its leasing, near prime and prime lending programs in North
America; therefore, leasing and prime lending have become a larger percentage of the originations and retail portfolio balance. GM Financial's retail
penetration in North America grew to approximately 33% in the year ended December 31, 2016 from approximately 30% in the corresponding period in
2015 as a result of the expanded leasing and lending programs. In the year ended December 31, 2016 GM Financial's revenue consisted of leased vehicle
income of 62%, retail ﬁnance charge income of 30%, commercial ﬁnance charge income of 5% and other income of 3%. We believe that offering a
comprehensive suite of ﬁnancing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental GM Financial earnings and help support our
sales throughout various economic cycles.
Consolidated Results We review changes in our results of operations under ﬁve categories: volume, mix, price, cost and other. Volume measures the impact
of changes in wholesale vehicle volumes driven by industry volume, market share and changes in dealer stock levels. Mix measures the impact of changes to
the regional portfolio due to product, model, trim, country and option penetration in current year wholesale vehicle volumes. Price measures the impact of
changes related to Manufacturer’s Suggested Retail Price and various sales allowances. Cost includes primarily: (1) material and freight; (2) manufacturing,
engineering, advertising, administrative and selling and warranty expense; and (3) non-vehicle related activity. Other includes primarily foreign exchange
and non-vehicle related automotive revenues as well as equity income or loss from our nonconsolidated afﬁliates. Refer to the regional sections of this
MD&A for additional information.
Total Net Sales and Revenue
24