Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
In the long-term, we expect that the EC will continue devising regulatory requirements on the emission test cycle, RDE, low temperature testing, ﬁlel
evaporation and OBD.
China has implemented European type China 4 standards nationally with European OBD requirements for new vehicle registrations. Cities such as Beijing,
Shanghai and Guangzhou each currently require China 5 standards for new vehicle registrations. China implemented the China 5 standards for light duty
gasoline nationwide at the beginning of 2017. The China 5 standards include more stringent emission requirements and increase the time and mileage
periods over which manufacturers are responsible for a vehicle's emission performance. China ofﬁcially released a unique China 6 emission standard with the
potential to combine elements of both European and U.S. standards. Local implementation is expected as early as 2018. Nationwide implementation for new
registrations is expected in July 2020 for the base China 6a standard and July 2023 for the more stringent China 6b standard.
In South America certain countries follow the U.S. test procedures, standards and OBD requirements and others follow the European Union test procedures,
Standards and OBD requirements with different levels of stringency. Brazil implemented national L6 standards for light diesel vehicles in 2012 and OBD
installation for light diesel vehicles in 2015 . L6 standards for light gasoline vehicles were implemented in 2015 for all models.
Automotive Fuel Economy In the U.S., Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) reporting is required for three separate ﬂeets: domestically produced
cars, imported cars and light-duty trucks. Both car and light-duty truck standards were established using targets for various vehicle sizes and vehicle model
sales volumes. In 2017 our domestic car standard is estimated to be 38.1 mpg, our import car standard is estimated to be 41.7 mpg, and our light-duty truck
standard is estimated to be 27.6 mpg. Our current product plan is expected to be compliant with the federal CAFE program through the 2017 model year. In
addition to federal CAFE reporting, the EPA requires compliance with greenhouse gas requirements that are similar to the CAFE program. Our current product
plan is expected to be compliant with the federal greenhouse gas program through the 2017 model year. CARB has agreed that compliance with the federal
program is deemed to be compliant with the California program for the 2012 through 2017 model years. Although Canada has no parallel CAFE-style fuel
economy regulations there are Canadian greenhouse gas regulations that are aligned with the U.S. EPA regulations and Canadian ﬂeets are expected to be
compliant with these regulations through the 2017 model year. We regularly evaluate our current and future product plans and strategies for compliance with
fuel economy and greenhouse gas regulations.
Unlike other jurisdictions, the European Union's climate change policy framework focuses on ﬂeet average CO2 emissions rather than fuel economy. The
European Union has implemented legislation regulating ﬂeet average CO2 emissions in Europe and has adopted an even more stringent ﬂeet average C02
target for 2020. Requirements must be met through the introduction of C02 reducing technologies on conventional gasoline and diesel engines or through
ultra-low C02 vehicles. We are developing a compliance plan by adopting operational C02 targets for each market entry in Europe. The EC will also devise
regulatory requirements on the C02 emission test cycle as of 20 1 7.
China has both an individual vehicle pass—fail type approval requirement based on Phase 3 standards and a ﬂeet fuel consumption requirement based on
Phase 4 standards effective in 2016. The China Phase 4 ﬂeet fuel consumption standard is based on curb weight with full compliance to 5.0 L/ 100 km
required by 2020. China has continued subsidies for plug-in hybrid, battery electric and ﬁlel cell vehicles. China proposes a Phase 5 ﬂeet fuel consumption
standard effective beginning in 2021 with full compliance to 4.0L/100km required by 2025.
In Brazil the government has set fuel economy requirements called Inovar Auto. Original equipment manufacturers have mandatory ﬂeet average
compliance required by October 2017 resulting in a reduction from 2012 levels. The Brazilian government provides indirect tax incentives to eligible
participant companies that meet certain requirements including these fuel economy targets. The level of potential indirect tax incentives varies based on the
timing and degree to which the targets are met. Participating companies that fail to meet the required criteria are subject to clawback provisions and speciﬁc
ﬁnes.
Industrial Environmental Control Our operations are subject to a wide range of environmental protection laws including those regulating air emissions,
water discharge, waste management and environmental cleanup. Certain environmental statutes require that responsible parties fund remediation actions
regardless of fault, legality of original disposal or ownership of a disposal site. Under certain circumstances these laws impose joint and several liability as
well as liability for related damages to natural resources.
To mitigate the effects our worldwide operations have on the environment and reduce greenhouse gas emissions associated with waste disposal, we are
committed to converting as many of our worldwide operations as possible to landﬁll-free operations. At December 31, 2016, 100 (or approximately 60%) of
our manufacturing operations were landﬁll-free. Additionally we have 52
7