Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
balance sheets when the related ﬁnance receivables are sold, charged off or paid in full. Accrual of ﬁnance charge income on retail ﬁnance receivables is
generally suspended on accounts that are more than 60 days delinquent, accounts in bankruptcy and accounts in repossession. Payments received on
nonaccrual loans are ﬁrst applied to any fees due, then to any interest due and then any remaining amounts are recorded to principal. Interest accrual
generally resumes once an account has received payments bringing the delinquency to less than 60 days past due. Accrual of ﬁnance charge income on
commercial ﬁnance receivables is generally suspended on accounts that are more than 90 days delinquent, upon receipt of a bankruptcy notice from a
borrower, or where reasonable doubt exists about the ﬁll collectability of contractually agreed upon principal and interest. Payments received on nonaccrual
loans are ﬁrst applied to principal. Interest accrual resumes once an account has received payments bringing the account fully current and collection of
contractual principal and interest is reasonably assured (including amounts previously charged off).
Income from operating lease assets, which includes lease origination fees, net of lease origination costs and incentives, is recorded as operating lease
revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease agreement.
Advertising and Promotion Expenditures Advertising and promotion expenditures, which are expensed as incurred in Automotive selling, general and
administrative expense, were $5.3 billion, $5.1 billion and $5.2 billion in the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Research and Development Expenditures Research and development expenditures, which are expensed as incurred in Automotive cost of sales, were $8.1
billion, $7.5 billion and $7.4 billion in the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash Cash equivalents are deﬁned as short-term, highly-liquid investments with original maturities of 90 days or less. Cash
and cash equivalents subject to contractual restrictions and not readily available are classiﬁed as restricted cash. We are required to post cash as collateral as
part of certain agreements that we enter into as part of our operations. Restricted cash is invested in accordance with the terms of the underlying agreements
and include amounts related to various deposits, escrows and other cash collateral. Restricted cash is included in Other current assets and Other assets in the
consolidated balance sheets.
Fair Value Measurements A three-level valuation hierarchy, based upon observable and unobservable inputs, is used for fair value measurements.
Observable inputs reﬂect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reﬂect market assumptions based on the best evidence
available. These two types of inputs create the following fair value hierarchy: Level 1 - Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets; Level 2 -
Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active and model-derived
valuations whose signiﬁcant inputs are observable; and Level 3 - Instruments whose signiﬁcant inputs are unobservable. Financial instruments are transferred
in and/ or out of Level 1, 2 or 3 at the beginning of the accounting period in which there is a change in the valuation inputs.
Marketable Securities We classify marketable securities as available-for—sale or trading. Various factors, including turnover of holdings and investment
guidelines, are considered in determining the classiﬁcation of securities. Available-for—sale securities are recorded at fair value with unrealized gains and
losses recorded net of related income taxes in Accumulated other comprehensive loss until realized. Trading securities are recorded at fair value with changes
in fair value recorded in Interest income and other non-operating income, net. We determine realized gains and losses for all securities using the speciﬁc
identiﬁcation method.
We measure the fair value of our marketable securities using a market approach where identical or comparable prices are available and an income approach
in other cases. If quoted market prices are not available, fair values of securities are determined using prices from a pricing service, pricing models, quoted
prices of securities with similar characteristics or discounted cash ﬂow models. These prices represent non-binding quotes. Our pricing service utilizes
industry-standard pricing models that consider various inputs. We conduct an annual review of our pricing service and believe the prices received from our
pricing service are a reliable representation of exit prices.
An evaluation is made quarterly to determine if unrealized losses related to non-trading investments in securities are other-than-temporary. Factors
considered include the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been below cost, the ﬁnancial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer
and the intent to sell or likelihood to be forced to sell the security before any anticipated recovery.
GM Financial Receivables Finance receivables are carried at amortized cost, net of allowance for loan losses. The component of the allowance for retail
ﬁnance receivables that is collectively evaluated for impairment is based on a statistical calculation
50