Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
which is supplemented by management judgment. GM Financial uses a combination of forecasting models to determine the allowance for loan losses. Factors
that are considered when estimating the allowance include historical delinquency migration to loss, probability of default and loss given default. The loss
conﬁrmation period is a key assumption within the models and represents the average amount of time from when a loss event ﬁrst occurs to when the
receivable is charged off. GM Financial also considers an evaluation of overall portfolio credit quality based on various indicators.
Retail ﬁnance receivables that become classiﬁed as troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) are separately assessed for impairment. A speciﬁc allowance is
estimated based on the present value of the expected future cash ﬂows of the receivable discounted at the loan's original effective interest rate. Finance
charge income from loans classiﬁed as TDRs is accounted for in the same manner as other accruing loans. Cash collections on these loans are allocated
according to the same payment hierarchy methodology applied to loans that are not classiﬁed as TDRs.
Retail ﬁnance receivables are generally charged off in the month in which the account becomes 120 days contractually delinquent if GM Financial has not
yet recorded a repossession charge-off. A charge-off generally represents the difference between the estimated net sales proceeds and the amount of the
contract, including accrued interest.
Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
business less cost to sell, and considers general market and economic conditions, periodic reviews of current proﬁtability of vehicles, product warranty costs
and the effect of current and expected incentive offers at the balance sheet date. Net realizable value for off-lease and other vehicles is current auction sales
proceeds less disposal and warranty costs. Productive material, work in process, supplies and service parts are reviewed to determine if inventory quantities
are in excess of forecasted usage or if they have become obsolete.
Equipment on Operating Leases Equipment on operating leases, net is reported at cost, less accumulated depreciation and impairment, net of origination
fees or costs and lease incentives. Estimated income from operating lease assets, which includes lease origination fees, net of lease origination costs, is
recorded as operating lease revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease agreement. Leased vehicles are depreciated on a straight-line basis to an
estimated residual value over the term of the lease agreements.
We have signiﬁcant investments in vehicle operating lease portfolios, which consist of vehicle leases to retail customers with lease terms of two to ﬁve
years and vehicles leased to rental car companies with lease terms that average eight months. We are exposed to changes in the residual values of these assets.
For impairment purposes the residual values represent estimates of the values of the vehicles leased at the end of the lease contracts and are determined based
on forecasted auction proceeds when there is a reliable basis to make such a determination. Realization of the residual values is dependent on the future
ability to market the vehicles under prevailing market conditions. The adequacy of the estimate of the residual value is evaluated over the life of the lease
and adjustments may be made to the extent the expected value of the vehicle at lease termination changes. Adjustments may be in the form of revisions to the
depreciation rate or recognition of an impairment charge. Impairment is determined to exist if an impairment indicator exists and the expected ﬁlture cash
ﬂows, which include estimated residual values, are lower than the carrying amount of the vehicles leased. If the carrying amount is considered impaired an
impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds fair value. Fair value is determined primarily using the anticipated cash
ﬂows, including estimated residual values.
In our automotive operations when a leased vehicle is returned the asset is reclassiﬁed from Equipment on operating leases, net to Inventories at the lower
of cost or estimated selling price, less cost to sell. Upon disposition, proceeds are recorded in Automotive net sales and revenue and costs are recorded in
Automotive cost of sales. In our automotive ﬁnance operations when a leased vehicle is returned or repossessed the asset is recorded in Other assets at the
lower of cost or estimated selling price, less costs to sell. Upon disposition a gain or loss is recorded in GM Financial interest, operating and other expenses
for any difference between the net book value of the leased asset and the proceeds from the disposition of the asset.
Depreciation expense and impairment charges related to Equipment on operating leases, net are recorded in Automotive cost of sales or GM Financial
interest, operating and other expenses.
Valuation of Cost and Equity Method Investments When events and circumstances warrant, investments accounted for under the cost or equity method of
accounting are evaluated for impairment. An impairment charge is recorded whenever a decline in value of an investment below its carrying amount is
determined to be other-than-temporary. Impairment charges related to equity
5 1