DTT(A)(17)U00001
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
To the Board of Directors of SAIC General Motors Corp., Ltd.:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated ﬁnancial statements of SAIC General Motors Corp., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the
"Company"), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated
statements of income and comprehensive income, equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December
31, 2016, and the related notes to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
Management's Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated ﬁnancial statements in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; this includes the design, implementation, and
maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated ﬁnancial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Auditors' Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated ﬁnancial statements based on our audits. We conducted our
audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated ﬁnancial statements are free ﬁom
material misstatement.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated ﬁnancial
statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditors' judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor
considers internal control relevant to the Company's preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements in
order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company's internal control. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating the
appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of signiﬁcant accounting estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufﬁcient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
_ 1 _