Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
down agreements with GM Canada. In May 2009 in the context of the global restructuring of GM's business and the possibility that GM Canada might be
required to initiate insolvency proceedings, GM Canada offered the Plaintiff Dealers the wind—down agreements to assist with their exit from the GM Canada
dealer network and to facilitate winding down their operations in an orderly fashion. The Plaintiff Dealers allege that their Dealer Sales and Service
Agreements were wrongly terminated by GM Canada and that GM Canada failed to comply with certain disclosure obligations, breached its statutory duty of
fair dealing and unlawﬁJlly interfered with the Plaintiff Dealers' statutory right to associate in an attempt to coerce the Plaintiff Dealers into accepting the
wind-down agreements. The Plaintiff Dealers seek damages and assert that the wind-down agreements are rescindable. The Plaintiff Dealers' initial pleading
makes reference to a claim “not exceeding” 750 million Canadian Dollars, without explanation of any speciﬁc measure of damages. On March 1, 2011 the
court approved certiﬁcation of a class for the purpose of deciding a number of speciﬁcally deﬁned issues. A number of former dealers opted out of
participation in the litigation, leaving 181 dealers in the certiﬁed class. On July 8, 2015 the Ontario Superior Court dismissed the Plaintiff Dealers’ claim
against GM Canada. The court also dismissed GM Canada’s counterclaim against the Plaintiff Dealers for repayment of the wind-down payments made to
them by GM Canada as well as for other relief. All parties have ﬁled notices of appeal. The appeals and cross appeals were heard by the Ontario Court of
Appeal in January 2017.
GM Korea Wage Litigation Commencing on or about September 29, 2010 current and former hourly employees of GM Korea Company (GM Korea) ﬁled
eight separate group actions in the Incheon District Court in Incheon, Korea. The cases, which in aggregate involve more than 10,000 employees, allege that
GM Korea failed to include bonuses and certain allowances in its calculation of Ordinary Wages due under the Presidential Decree of the Korean Labor
Standards Act. On November 23, 2012 the Seoul High Court (an intermediate level appellate court) afﬁrmed a decision of the Incheon District Court in a case
involving ﬁve GM Korea employees which was contrary to GM Korea's position. GM Korea appealed to the Supreme Court of the Republic of Korea
(Supreme Court). On May 29, 2014 the Supreme Court remanded the case to the Seoul High Court for consideration consistent with earlier Supreme Court
precedent holding that while ﬁxed bonuses should be included in the calculation of Ordinary Wages, claims for retroactive application of this rule would be
barred under certain circumstances. On reconsideration, the Seoul High Court held in GM Korea's favor on October 30, 2015, after which the plaintiffs
appealed to the Supreme Court. In July 2014 GM Korea and its labor union also agreed to include bonuses and certain allowances in Ordinary Wages
retroactive to March 1, 2014. Therefore our accrual related to these cases was reclassiﬁed from a contingent liability to the Pensions liability. We estimate our
reasonably possible loss in excess of amounts accrued to be 611 billion South Korean Won (equivalent to $506 million) at December 31, 2016, which relates
to periods before March 1, 2014. We are also party to litigation with current and former salaried employees over allegations relating to Ordinary Wages
regulation. On November 26 and 27, 2015 the Supreme Court remanded two salary cases to the Seoul High Court for a review of the merits. At December 31,
2016 we identiﬁed a reasonably possible loss for salary cases in excess of the amounts accrued to be 186 billion South Korean Won (equivalent to $154
million). Both the scope of claims asserted and GM Korea's assessment of any or all of the individual claim elements may change if new information becomes
available. These cases are currently pending before various courts in Korea.
Other Litigation-Related Liability and Tax Administrative Matters Various other legal actions, governmental investigations, claims and proceedings are
pending against us or our related companies or joint ventures, including matters arising out of alleged product defects; employment-related matters;
governmental regulations relating to product and workplace safety, emissions and fuel economy; product warranties; ﬁnancial services; dealer, supplier and
other contractual relationships; government regulations relating to payments to foreign companies; government regulations relating to competition issues;
tax-related matters not subject to the provision of ASC 740, Income Taxes (indirect tax-related matters); and environmental protection laws, including laws
regulating air emissions, water discharges, waste management and environmental remediation. We believe that appropriate accruals have been established for
losses that are probable and can be reasonably estimated. It is possible that the resolution of one or more of these matters could exceed the amounts accrued
in an amount that could be material to our results of operations.
Indirect tax-related matters are being litigated globally pertaining to value added taxes, customs, duties, sales, property taxes and other non-income tax
related tax exposures. The various non—U.S. labor-related matters include claims from current and former employees related to alleged unpaid wage, beneﬁt,
severance and other compensation matters. Certain South American administrative proceedings are indirect tax-related and may require that we deposit funds
in escrow or provide an alternative form of security which may range from $200 million to $600 million at December 31, 2016. Some of the matters may
involve compensatory, punitive or other treble damage claims, environmental remediation programs or sanctions that, if granted, could require us to pay
damages or make other expenditures in amounts that could not be reasonably estimated at December 31, 2016. We believe that appropriate accruals have
been established for losses that are probable and can be reasonably estimated. For indirect tax-related matters we estimate our reasonably possible loss in
excess of amounts accrued to be up to approximately $1.1 billion at December 31, 2016.
76