Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
December 31, 2016 December 31, 2015
{Cars 430 271 1
Trucks 224 121
{Crossovers 681 _ 401 l
Total 1,335 793
At December 31, 2016 GM Financial's estimated residual value of the leased assets at the end of the lease term was $23.6 billion. The following table
illustrates the eﬁ‘ect of a 1% change in the estimated residual values at December 31, 2016, which will increase or decrease depreciation expense over the
remaining term of GM Financial's operating leases, holding all other assumptions constant:
Impact to Depreciation
Expense
{Cars $ 53 l
Trucks 52
{Crossovers 131 l
Total $ 236
Product Warranty and Recall Campaigns The estimates related to product warranties are established using historical information on the nature, frequency
and average cost of claims of each vehicle line or each model year of the vehicle line and assumptions about ﬁlture activity and events. When little or no
claims experience exists for a model year or a vehicle line, the estimate is based on comparable models.
In GMNAwe primarily accrue the costs for recall campaigns at the time of vehicle sale. In the other regions, there is not sufﬁcient historical data to support
the application of an actuarial-based estimation technique and the estimated costs are accrued at the time when they are probable and reasonably estimable,
which typically occurs once it is determined a speciﬁc recall campaign is needed and announced.
The estimates related to recall campaigns accrued at the time of vehicle sale are established by applying a frequency times severity approach that considers
the number of recall events, the number of vehicles per recall event, the assumed number of vehicles that will be brought in by customers for repair (take rate)
and the cost per vehicle for each recall event. These estimates consider the nature, frequency and magnitude of historical recall campaigns. Costs associated
with recall campaigns not accrued at the time of vehicle sale are estimated based on the estimated cost of repairs and the estimated vehicles to be repaired.
Depending on part availability and time to complete repairs we may, from time to time, offer courtesy transportation at no cost to our customers. These
estimates are re-evaluated on an ongoing basis and based on the best available information. Revisions are made when necessary based on changes in these
factors.
The estimated amount accrued for recall campaigns at the time of vehicle sale is most sensitive to the estimated number of recall events, the number of
vehicles per recall event, the take rate, and the cost per vehicle for each recall event. The estimated cost of a recall campaign that is accrued on an individual
basis is most sensitive to our estimated assumed take rate that is primarily developed based on our historical take rate experience. A 10% increase in the
estimated take rate for all recall campaigns would increase the estimated cost by approximately $0.3 billion.
Actual experience could differ from the amounts estimated requiring adjustments to these liabilities in future periods. Due to the uncertainty and potential
volatility of the factors contributing to developing estimates, changes in our assumptions could materially affect our results of operations.
Sales Incentives The estimated effect of sales incentives offered to dealers and end customers is recorded as a reduction of Automotive net sales and
revenue at the later of the time of sale or announcement of an incentive program to dealers. There may be numerous types of incentives available at any
particular time, including a choice of incentives for a speciﬁc model. Incentive programs are generally brand speciﬁc, model speciﬁc or sales region speciﬁc
and are for speciﬁed time periods, which may be extended. Signiﬁcant factors used in estimating the cost of incentives include the volume of vehicles that
will be affected by the incentive programs offered by product, the product mix, the rate of customer acceptance of any incentive program and the likelihood
that an incentive program will be extended, all of which are estimated based on historical experience and assumptions concerning customer behavior and
ﬁlture market conditions. When an incentive program is announced, the number of vehicles in dealer
39