Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
Our profitability is dependent upon the success of full-size pick-up trucks and SUVs. While we offer a balanced and complete portfolio of small, mid-size
and large cars, crossovers, sport utility vehicles (SUVs) and trucks, we generally recognize higher proﬁt margins on our full-size pick-up trucks and SUVs. Our
success is dependent upon consumer preferences and our ability to sell higher margin vehicles in sufﬁcient volumes. Any shift in consumer preferences
toward smaller, more ﬁiel efficient vehicles, whether as a result of increases in the price of oil or any sustained shortage of oil, including as a result of global
political instability or other reasons, could weaken the demand for our higher margin lull—size pick-up trucks and SUVs.
Our business is highly dependent upon global automobile market sales volume, which can be volatile. Our business and ﬁnancial results are highly
sensitive to sales volume, changes to which can have a disproportionately large effect on our proﬁtability. Anumber of economic and market conditions
drive changes in vehicle sales, including real estate values, levels of unemployment, availability of affordable ﬁnancing, ﬂuctuations in the cost of fuel,
consumer conﬁdence, political unrest and global economic conditions. We cannot predict future economic and market conditions with certainty.
Our business in China is subject to aggressive competition. Maintaining a strong position in the Chinese market is a key component of our global growth
strategy. The automotive market in China is highly competitive with competition from many of the largest global manufacturers and numerous smaller
domestic manufacturers. As the size of the Chinese market continues to increase we anticipate that additional competitors, both international and domestic,
will seek to enter the Chinese market and that existing market participants will act aggressively to increase their market share. Increased competition may
result in price reductions, reduced margins and our inability to gain or hold market share.
The international scale and footprint of our operations exposes us to additional risks. We manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon a
global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture our products. Our global operations subject us to
extensive domestic and foreign regulations and expose us to a variety of domestic and foreign political, economic and other risks, including: changes in
foreign or domestic government leadership; changes in foreign or domestic laws or regulations impacting our overall business model or restricting our ability
to manufacture, purchase or sell products, and political pressures to change any aspect of our business model or practices and source raw materials,
components, systems and parts on competitive terms in a manner consistent with our current practice; changes in domestic or foreign tax laws; economic
tensions between governments and changes in international trade and investment policies, including restrictions on the repatriation of dividends, especially
between the US. and China, more detailed inspections, new or higher tariffs, for example, on products imported from Mexico into the U.S.; new barriers to
entry or domestic preference procurement requirements, or changes to or withdrawals from free trade agreements; changes in foreign currency exchange rates
and interest rates; economic downturns in foreign countries or geographic regions where we have signiﬁcant operations, such as China; signiﬁcant changes
in conditions in the countries in which we operate with the effect of competition from new market entrants and in the United Kingdom (U.K.) with passage of
a referendum to discontinue membership in the European Union; differing local product preferences and product requirements, including ﬁiel economy,
vehicle emissions and safety; impact of compliance with US and other foreign countries’ export controls and economic sanctions; liabilities resulting from
US. and foreign laws and regulations, including those related to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and certain other anti—corruption laws; differing labor
regulations and union relationships; and difﬁculties in obtaining ﬁnancing in foreign countries for local operations.
A significant amount of our operations are conducted by joint ventures that we cannot operate solely for our beneﬁt. Many of our operations, primarily in
China, are carried out by joint ventures. In joint ventures we share ownership and management of a company with one or more parties who may not have the
same goals, strategies, priorities or resources as we do and may compete with us outside the joint venture. Joint ventures are intended to be operated for the
equal beneﬁt of all co-owners, rather than for our exclusive beneﬁt. Operating a business as a joint venture often requires additional organizational
formalities as well as time-consuming procedures for sharing information and making decisions. In joint ventures we are required to foster our relationships
with our co-owners as well as promote the overall success of the joint venture, and if a co-owner changes or relationships deteriorate, our success in the joint
venture may be materially adversely affected. The beneﬁts from a successful joint venture are shared among the co-owners, therefore we do not receive all the
beneﬁts from our successful joint ventures. In addition, because we share ownership and management with one or more parties, we may have limited control
over the actions of a joint venture, particularly when we own a minority interest. As a result, we may be unable to prevent misconduct or other violations of
applicable laws by a joint venture. Moreover, a joint venture may not follow the same requirements regarding compliance, internal controls and internal
control over ﬁnancial reporting that we follow. To the extent another party makes decisions that negatively impact the joint venture or internal control issues
arise within the joint venture, we may have to take responsive or other action or we may be subject to penalties, ﬁnes or other related actions for these
activities.
We are subject to extensive laws, governmental regulations and policies, including those regarding fuel economy and emissions controls, that can
significantly increase our costs and affect how we do business. We are signiﬁcantly affected by governmental
12