Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
method investments are recorded in Equity income. Impairment charges related to cost method investments are recorded in Interest income and other non-
operating income, net.
Property, net Property, plant and equipment, including internal use software, is recorded at cost. Major improvements that extend the useful life or add
ﬁlnctionality are capitalized. The gross amount of assets under capital leases is included in property, plant and equipment. Expenditures for repairs and
maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. We depreciate all depreciable property using the straight-line method. Leasehold improvements are
amortized over the period of lease or the life of the asset, whichever is shorter. The amortization of the assets under capital leases is included in depreciation
expense. Upon retirement or disposition of property, plant and equipment, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated and any resulting
gain or loss is recorded in earnings. Impairment charges related to property are recorded in Automotive cost of sales, Automotive selling, general and
administrative expense or GM Financial interest, operating and other expenses.
Special Tools Special tools represent product-speciﬁc powertrain and non-powertrain related tools, dies, molds and other items used in the vehicle
manufacturing process. Expenditures for special tools are recorded at cost and are capitalized. We amortize special tools over their estimated useful lives
using the straight-line method or an accelerated amortization method based on their historical and estimated production volume. Impairment charges related
to special tools are recorded in Automotive cost of sales.
Goodwill Goodwill is tested for impairment annually on October 1 or when events occur or circumstances change that would trigger such a review. Atwo-
step impairment test is used to identify potential goodwill impairment. Impairment exists when the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair
value. When performing our goodwill impairment testing, the fair values of our reporting units are determined based on valuation techniques using the best
available information, primarily discounted cash ﬂow projections. Because the fair value of goodwill can be measured only as a residual amount and cannot
be determined directly we calculate the implied goodwill for those reporting units failing Step 1 in the same manner that goodwill is recognized in a business
combination pursuant to Accounting Standards Codiﬁcation (ASC) 805.
Intangible Assets, net Intangible assets, excluding goodwill, primarily include brand names, technology and intellectual property, customer relationships
and dealer networks. Intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line or an accelerated method of amortization over their estimated useful lives. An
accelerated amortization method reﬂecting the pattern in which the asset will be consumed is utilized if that pattern can be reliably determined. We consider
the period of expected cash ﬂows and underlying data used to measure the fair value of the intangible assets when selecting a useful life. Impairment charges
related to intangible assets are recorded in Automotive selling, general and administrative expense or Automotive cost of sales. Amortization of developed
technology and intellectual property is recorded in Automotive cost of sales. Amortization of brand names, customer relationships and our dealer networks is
recorded in Automotive selling, general and administrative expense or GM Financial interest, operating and other expenses.
Valuation of Long-Lived Assets The carrying amount of long-lived assets and ﬁnite-lived intangible assets to be held and used in the business are evaluated
for impairment when events and circumstances warrant. If the carrying amount of a long-lived asset group is considered impaired, a loss is recorded based on
the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds fair value. Product-speciﬁc long-lived asset groups and non—product speciﬁc long-lived assets are
separately tested for impairment on an asset group basis. Fair value is determined using either the market or sales comparison approach, cost approach or
anticipated cash ﬂows discounted at a rate commensurate with the risk involved. Long-lived assets to be disposed of other than by sale are considered held
for use until disposition.
Pension and OPEB Plans
Attribution, Methods and Assumptions The cost of beneﬁts provided by deﬁned beneﬁt pension plans is recorded in the period employees provide service.
The cost of pension plan amendments that provide for beneﬁts already earned by plan participants is amortized over the expected period of beneﬁt which
may be the duration of the applicable collective bargaining agreement speciﬁc to the plan, the expected ﬁlture working lifetime or the life expectancy of the
plan participants.
The cost of medical, dental, legal service and life insurance beneﬁts provided through postretirement beneﬁt plans is recorded in the period employees
provide service. The cost of postretirement plan amendments that provide for beneﬁts already earned by plan participants is amortized over the expected
period of beneﬁt which may be the average period to full eligibility or the average life expectancy of the plan participants.
52