Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
Alternative Fuel Vehicles We believe alternative ﬁlels offer signiﬁcant potential to reduce petroleum consumption in the transportation sector. By
leveraging experience and capability developed around these technologies in our global operations we continue to develop FlexFuel vehicles that can run
on gasoline-ethanol blend fuels as well as vehicles that run on compressed natural gas (CNG) and liqueﬁed petroleum gas (LPG).
We currently offer 11 FlexFuel vehicles in the US. for the 2017 model year to retail customers plus an additional seven models to ﬂeet and commercial
customers capable of operating on gasoline, E85 ethanol or any combination of the two. In Brazil a substantial majority of vehicles sold were FlexFuel
vehicles capable of running on 100% ethanol blends. We also market FlexFuel vehicles in other global markets where bioﬁiels have emerged in the
marketplace. In addition, we are studying ethanol-based fuels as well as other high-octane fuel blends and the role they can play in maximizing efﬁciencies
of future internal combustion engine technology development to meet the escalating fuel economy and greenhouse gas emission regulations in the US. and
other markets.
We produce CNG bi-fuel capable vehicles in Europe such as the Opel Zaﬁra Tourer and the Opel Combo van. In the US. we are developing a program to
offer a wide selection of truck and van options through a specialty vehicle manufacturing program, operating on CNG or LPG, which are suitable for ﬂeet and
commercial applications and retail customers alike. Availability is scheduled to begin in 2017. Globally, we offer CNG and LPG capable vehicles in select
markets reﬂecting the infrastructure, regulatory focus and natural resource availability of the markets in which they are sold. We support the development of
biodiesel blend ﬁlels, which are alternative diesel ﬁlels produced from renewable sources.
Hydrogen Fuel Cell Technology As part of our long-term strategy to reduce petroleum consumption and greenhouse gas emissions we are committed to
development of our hydrogen ﬁiel cell technology. Our Chevrolet Equinox fuel cell electric vehicle demonstration programs, such as Project Driveway, have
accumulated more than 3 million miles of real-world driving by consumers, celebrities, business partners and government agencies. These programs are
helping us identify consumer and infrastructure needs to understand the business case for potential production of vehicles with this technology. We are
exploring non-traditional automotive uses for ﬁlel cells in several areas, including demonstrations with the US. Army and US. Navy.
We signed a co—development agreement with Honda Motor Company in October 2016 for a next-generation ﬁiel cell system and hydrogen storage
technologies, aiming for the 2020 timeframe for commercialization. The collaboration expects to succeed by sharing expertise, economies of scale and
common sourcing strategies and builds upon GM's and Honda Motor Company's strengths as leaders in hydrogen ﬁlel cell technology.
Fuel Efﬁciency We are committed to improving fuel efﬁciency and meeting regulatory standards through a combination of strategies including:
(1) extensive technology improvements to conventional powertrains; (2) increased use of smaller displacement engines and improved and advanced
automatic transmissions; and (3) vehicle improvements including increased use of lighter, front-wheel drive architectures.
OnStar OnStar is a wholly-owned subsidiary of GM serving more than 7.2 million subscribers in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, China (through a joint venture),
South America and Europe. OnStar is a provider of connected safety, security and mobility solutions and advanced information technology and is available
on the majority of our 2017 model year vehicles. OnStar's key services include automatic crash response, stolen vehicle assistance, remote door unlock, tum-
by-tum navigation, vehicle diagnostics, hands-free calling and 4G LTE wireless connectivity.
Intellectual Property We generate and hold a signiﬁcant number of patents in a number of countries in connection with the operation of our business.
While none of these patents are individually material to our business as a whole, these patents are important to our operations and continued technological
development. We hold a number of trademarks and service marks that are very important to our identity and recognition in the marketplace.
Raw Materials, Services and Supplies We purchase a wide variety of raw materials, parts, supplies, energy, freight, transportation and other services from
numerous suppliers to manufacture our products. The raw materials primarily include steel, aluminum, resins, copper, lead and platinum group metals. We
have not experienced any signiﬁcant shortages of raw materials and normally do not carry substantial inventories of such raw materials in excess of levels
reasonably required to meet our production requirements.
In some instances, we purchase systems, components, parts and supplies from a single source and may be at an increased risk for supply disruptions. The
inability or unwillingness of these sources to supply us with parts and supplies could have a material adverse effect on our production capacity. Refer to Item
1A. Risk Factors for further discussion of these risks. Combined purchases
5