Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
Status of Credit Ratings We receive ratings from four independent credit rating agencies: DBRS Limited, Fitch Ratings (Fitch), Moody's Investor Service
(Moody's) and Standard & Poor's (S&P). All four credit rating agencies currently rate our corporate credit at investment grade. The following table
summarizes our credit ratings at February 1, 2017:
Revolving Credit
Corporate _ Facilities _ Senior Unsecured _ Outlook
lDBRS Limited BBB BBB N/A Stable l
Fitch BBB- BBB- BBB- Positive
lMoody's Investment Grade Baa2 Baa3 Stable l
S&P BBB BBB BBB Stable
Rating actions taken by each of the credit rating agencies from January 1, 2016 through February 1, 2017 were as follows: (1) Moody’s revised their
outlook to Positive from Stable in February 2016, and upgraded our debt rating, including the revolving credit facilities, to Baa2 from Baa3, and revised their
outlook to Stable from Positive in January 2017. Our senior unsecured bonds were upgraded to Baa3 from Bal and remain notched below our revolving
credit facilities rating; (2) S&P revised their outlook to Positive from Stable in April 2016, and upgraded our corporate rating, revolving credit facilities
rating and senior unsecured rating to BBB from BBB- and revised their outlook to Stable from Positive in January 2017; (3) Fitch revised their outlook to
Positive from Stable in June 2016; and (4) DBRS Limited upgraded our corporate rating and revolving credit facilities rating to BBB from BBB (low) and
revised their outlook to Stable from Positive in March 2016.
Automotive Financing — GM Financial Liquidity GM Financial's primary sources of cash are ﬁnance charge income, leasing income and proceeds from
the sale of terminated leased vehicles, servicing fees, net distributions from secured debt facilities, including securitizations, secured and unsecured
borrowings and collections and recoveries on ﬁnance receivables. GM Financial's primary uses of cash are purchases of retail ﬁnance receivables and leased
vehicles, the funding of commercial ﬁnance receivables, repayment of secured and unsecured debt, funding credit enhancement requirements in connection
with securitizations and secured debt facilities, operating expenses, and interest costs. GM Financial continues to monitor and evaluate opportunities to
optimize its liquidity position and the mix of its debt. The following table summarizes GM Financial's available liquidity (dollars in billions):
December 31, 2016 _ December 31, 2015
{Cash and cash equivalents $ 3.2 $ 3.1 l
Borrowing capacity on unpledged eligible assets 9.5 9.7
lBorrowing capacity on committed unsecured lines of credit 0.5 _ 0.9 l
Available liquidity r$ 13.2 r r$ 13.7 r
In the year ended December 31, 2016 available liquidity decreased due primarily to increased usage of secured debt facilities and increased usage of
committed unsecured lines of credit primarily due to asset growth.
GM Financial has the ability to borrow up to $1.0 billion against our three-year, $4.0 billion revolving credit facility and up to $3.0 billion against our
ﬁve-year, $10.5 billion revolving credit facility. In September 2014 we and GM Financial entered into a support agreement which, among other things,
established commitments of funding from us to GM Financial. This agreement also provides that we will continue to own all of GM Financial’s outstanding
voting shares so long as any unsecured debt securities remain outstanding at GM Financial. In addition we are required to use our commercially reasonable
efforts to ensure GM Financial remains a subsidiary borrower under our corporate revolving credit facilities.
Credit Facilities In the normal course of business, in addition to using its available cash, GM Financial utilizes borrowings under its credit facilities, which
may be secured or unsecured, and GM Financial repays these borrowings as appropriate under its cash management strategy. At December 31, 2016 secured,
committed unsecured and uncommitted unsecured credit facilities totaled $25.8 billion, $1.4 billion and $2.4 billion with advances outstanding of $9.8
billion, $1.0 billion and $2.4 billion.
GMFinancial Cash Flow (Dollars in Billions)
35