Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
from our two largest suppliers have ranged from approximately 1 1% to 12% of our total purchases in the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Environmental and Regulatory Matters
Automotive Emissions Control We are subject to laws and regulations that require us to control automotive emissions, including vehicle exhaust emission
standards, vehicle evaporative emission standards and onboard diagnostic (OBD) system requirements. Advanced OBD systems are used to identify and
diagnose problems with emission control systems. Problems detected by the OBD system and in—use compliance monitoring may increase warranty costs and
the likelihood of recall. Emission and OBD requirements become more stringent each year as vehicles must meet lower emission standards and new
diagnostics are required throughout the world with very little harmonization of global regulations. Zero emission vehicle (ZEV) requirements have been
adopted by some U.S. states as well as the Canadian Province of Quebec and there is the possibility that additional jurisdictions could adopt ZEV
requirements in the ﬁiture. While we believe all our products are designed and manufactured in material compliance with substantially all vehicle emissions
requirements, regulatory authorities may conduct ongoing evaluations of the emissions compliance of products from all manufacturers. This includes vehicle
emissions testing, including C02 and nitrogen oxide emissions testing, and review of emission control strategies.
The U.S. federal government imposes stringent emission control requirements on vehicles sold in the U.S. and various state governments impose additional
requirements. Canada’s federal government vehicle emission requirements are generally aligned with the U.S. federal requirements. Each model year we must
obtain certiﬁcation for each test group that our vehicles will meet emission requirements from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) before we can
sell vehicles in the U.S. and Canada and from the California Air Resources Board (CARB) before we can sell vehicles in California and other states that have
adopted the California emissions requirements.
CARB's latest emission requirements include more stringent exhaust emission and evaporative emission standards including an increase in ZEVs which
must be offered for sale in California. CARB has adopted 2018 model year and later requirements for increasing volumes of ZEVs to achieve greenhouse gas
as well as criteria pollutant emission reductions to help achieve the state's long-term greenhouse gas reduction goals. The EPA has adopted similar exhaust
emission and evaporative emission standards which phase in with the 2017 model year, but do not include ZEV requirements. These new requirements will
also increase the time and mileage periods over which manufacturers are responsible for a vehicle's emission performance.
The Clean Air Act permits states that have areas with air quality compliance issues to adopt the California car and light-duty truck emission standards in
lieu of the federal requirements. Thirteen states currently have these standards in effect and 10 of these 13 states have adopted the ZEV requirements.
Emissions in the European Union are regulated by the European Commission (EC) and by governmental authorities in each European Union Member State
(EU Member States). The EC imposes emission control requirements on vehicles sold in all 28 EU Member States. We must demonstrate that vehicles will
meet emission requirements from an approval authority in one EU Member State before we can sell vehicles in any EU Member State. The regulatory
requirements include random testing of newly assembled vehicles and a manufacturer in-use surveillance program. The European Union requirements are
equivalent in terms of stringency and implementation to the framework of the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe.
The existing level of European Union exhaust emission standards for cars and light-duty trucks, Euro 6, was effective in 2014 for new vehicle approvals
and 2015 for new vehicle registrations. Future emission standards focus particularly on ﬁirther reducing emissions from diesel vehicles by introducing new
testing criteria based on “real world driving” emissions (RDE). RDE tests will become effective in 2017. The new requirements will require additional
technologies and further increase the cost of diesel engines, which currently cost more than gasoline engines to manufacture. To comply with RDE tests we
believe it will be necessary to implement technologies which will introduce additional cost pressures on the already challenging European Union market for
small and mid—size diesel vehicles. Declines in diesel penetration may make ﬂeet C02 compliance more challenging. Gasoline engines are also affected by
the new requirements. The potential implementation of technolo gy into gasoline vehicles to reduce exhaust pollutant emissions may further increase the cost
of gasoline engines and could have adverse effects on vehicle fuel economy.
In addition, increased scrutiny of compliance with emissions standards may result in changes to these standards, including the implementation of RDE
tests, as well as stricter interpretations or redeﬁnition of these standards and more rigorous enforcement. This may lead to increased costs, penalties, lack of
certainty with respect to product portfolio planning, negative publicity or reputation impact for us. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for further discussion of
these risks.
6