Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
location. Our dealers oﬁen offer more than one GM brand at a single dealership in a number of our markets in order to enhance dealer proﬁtability.
Authorized dealers offer parts, accessories, service and repairs for GM vehicles in the product lines that they sell using GM parts and accessories. Our dealers
are authorized to service GM vehicles under our limited warranty program and those repairs are made only with GM parts. Our dealers generally provide their
customers with access to credit or lease ﬁnancing, vehicle insurance and extended service contracts provided by GM Financial and other ﬁnancial
institutions.
The quality of GM dealerships and our relationship with our dealers and distributors are critical to our success as dealers maintain the primary sales and
service interface with the end consumer of our products. In addition to the terms of our contracts with our dealers we are regulated by various country and
state franchise laws that may supersede those contractual terms and impose speciﬁc regulatory requirements and standards for initiating dealer network
changes, pursuing terminations for cause and other contractual matters.
Research, Product and Business Development and Intellectual Property Costs for research, manufacturing engineering, product engineering and design
and development activities relate primarily to developing new products or services or improving existing products or services including activities related to
vehicle emissions control, improved fuel economy, the safety of drivers and passengers, urban mobility and autonomous vehicles. In the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 research and development expenses were $8.1 billion, $7.5 billion and $7.4 billion.
Product Development The Product Development organization is responsible for designing and integrating vehicle and powertrain components to
maximize part sharing across multiple vehicle segments. Global teams in Design, Program Management, Component & Subsystem Engineering, Product
Integrity, Safety, Propulsion and Purchasing & Supply Chain collaborate to meet customer requirements and maximize global economies of scale.
Our global vehicle architecture development has been consolidated and headquartered at our Global Technical Center in Warren, Michigan, to further the
standardization of our overall vehicle development process. Cross-segment part sharing is an essential enabler to our Vehicle Set Strategy, designed to reduce
our overall number of global vehicle architectures to four major vehicle sets. As we implement the four vehicle sets, we will continue to leverage our current
architecture portfolio to accommodate our customers around the world while achieving our ﬁnancial goals.
Hybrid, Plug-In, Extended Range and Battery Electric Vehicles We are investing in multiple technologies offering increasing levels of vehicle
electriﬁcation including eAssist, plug-in hybrid, lull hybrid, extended range and battery electric vehicles. We currently oﬁ‘er six models in the US. featuring
some form of electriﬁcation and continue to develop plug-in hybrid electric vehicle technology and extended range electric vehicles such as the Chevrolet
Volt. In 2016 we began production and sales of the Chevrolet Bolt EV, which provides an EPA-rated 238 miles of range on a ﬁll charge.
Car— and Ride-Sharing In 2016, we executed several steps in our strategy to redeﬁne personal mobility. In January 2016 we announced a new car-sharing
service called Maven, which combines our multiple car-sharing programs under a single brand. Maven gives customers access to highly personalized, on-
demand mobility services. During 2016 we expanded our Maven offerings to 16 cities across the US. In January 2016 we also purchased a 9% equity
ownership interest in Lyft, Inc. (Lyﬁ), a privately held company, for $0.5 billion. In March 2016 we announced a new program called Express Drive, which
leverages our Lyﬁ relationship to expand our ride-sharing offerings. Under the Express Drive program, Lyﬁ drivers in multiple cities across the US. can rent
General Motors vehicles on a weekly basis. We are also considering additional options to expand our ride-sharing offerings. In November 2016 we
announced that we are partnering with Uber Technologies Inc. (Uber) to pilot a program under which Uber drivers can rent General Motors vehicles on a
weekly basis. Additionally, we plan to develop an integrated network of on-demand autonomous vehicles in the US.
Autonomous Technology We see autonomous technology leading to signiﬁcant advances in convenience, mobility and safety, since more than 90% of
crashes are caused by driver error. We have millions of miles of real-world experience with embedded connectivity through OnStar, LLC (OnStar) and
advanced safety features that are the building blocks to more advanced automation features that we believe will eventually lead to ﬁilly autonomous
vehicles. An example of advanced automation is Super Cruise, a hands-free driving customer convenience feature that will debut in 2017 on the Cadillac
CT6 sedan.
In May 2016 we acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of Cruise Automation Inc. (Cruise), an autonomous vehicle technology company, to further
accelerate our development of autonomous vehicles. We are also actively testing autonomous vehicles on public roads in San Francisco, California,
Scottsdale, Arizona and Warren, Michigan.
4