SAIC GENERAL MOTORS CORP., LTD AND SUBSIDIARIES
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements
1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES - continued
(1') Valuation of equity method investments
When events and circumstances warrant, investments accounted for under the cost or equity method of accounting are
evaluated for impairment. An impairment charge is recorded whenever a decline in value of an investment below its
carrying amount is determined to be other than temporary. In determining if a decline is other than temporary, factors
such as the length of time and extent to which the fair value of the investment has been less than the carrying amount of
the investment, the near-term and long-term operating and ﬁnancial prospects of the afﬁliate and the intent and ability to
hold the investment for a period of time sufﬁcient to allow for any anticipated recovery are considered.
No impairments were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
(i) Property, net
Property, plant and equipment is recorded at cost. Major improvements that extend the useful life of property are
capitalized. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred.
The Company's depreciation method is summarized in the following table:
Category: Depreciationmethod Esﬁmatediusefullives
Buildings Straight—line 25 years
Fumiture, ﬁxtures and equipment Straight—line 3 to 5 years
Machinery Straight—line 5 to 20 years
Toolings other than
non-powertrain tools Straight—line 5 years
Non-powertrain special tools Accelerated depreciation 5 years
The Company assumes no salvage value on its computation of depreciation.
The Company's policy is to review the estimated useful lives of property on an annual basis. Upon retirement or disposal
of property, plant and equipment, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed ﬁom the accounts and any
resulting gain or loss is recognized in cost of sales.
(k) Intangible assets
Intangible assets include technology licenses and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the life of
license or the planned life-cycle of the vehicles or products associated with the license, ranging from 45 months to 98
months.
_ 11 _