Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
to retain the award at retirement. The liability for stock incentive plan awards settled in cash is remeasured to fair value at the end of each reporting period.
Product Warranty and Recall Campaigns The estimated costs related to product warranties are accrued at the time products are sold and are charged to
Automotive cost of sales. These estimates are established using historical information on the nature, frequency and average cost of claims of each vehicle line
or each model year of the vehicle line and assumptions about future activity and events. Revisions are made when necessary and are based on changes in
these factors.
The estimated costs related to recall campaigns are generally accrued at the time of vehicle sale in GMNAby applying a frequency times severity approach
that considers the number of historical recall campaigns, the number of vehicles per recall campaign, the estimated number of vehicles to be repaired and the
cost per vehicle for each recall campaign. The estimated costs associated with recall campaigns in other geographical regions are accrued when probable and
estimable using the estimated costs of repairs and the estimated number of vehicles to be repaired. Costs associated with recall campaigns are charged to
Automotive cost of sales. Revisions are made when necessary based on changes in these factors.
Income Taxes The liability method is used in accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for temporary differences between
the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements using the statutory tax rates in effect for the year in
which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recorded in the results of operations in
the period that includes the enactment date under the law.
Deferred income tax assets are evaluated quarterly to determine if valuation allowances are required or should be adjusted. We establish valuation
allowances for deferred tax assets based on a more likely than not standard. The ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on the ability to generate
sufﬁcient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods provided for in the tax law for each applicable tax jurisdiction. The assessment
regarding whether a valuation allowance is required or should be adjusted also considers all available positive and negative evidence factors. It is difﬁcult to
conclude a valuation allowance is not required when there is signiﬁcant objective and veriﬁable negative evidence, such as cumulative losses in recent years.
We utilize a rolling three years of actual and current year results as the primary measure of cumulative losses in recent years.
Income tax expense (beneﬁt) for the year is allocated between continuing operations and other categories of income such as Other comprehensive income
(loss). In periods in which there is a pre-tax loss from continuing operations and pre-tax income in another income category, the tax beneﬁt allocated to
continuing operations is determined by taking into account the pre-tax income of other categories.
We record uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step process whereby we determine whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be
sustained based on the technical merits of the position, and for those tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition, we recognize the largest
amount of tax beneﬁt that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. We record interest and penalties
on uncertain tax positions in Income tax expense (beneﬁt).
Foreign Currency Transactions and Translation The assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries that use the local currency as their ﬁmctional currency are
translated to US. Dollars based on the current exchange rate prevailing at each balance sheet date and any resulting translation adjustments are included in
Accumulated other comprehensive loss. The assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries whose local currency is not their functional currency are remeasured
from their local currency to their functional currency and then translated to US. Dollars. Revenues and expenses are translated into US. Dollars using the
average exchange rates prevailing for each period presented.
Gains and losses arising from foreign currency transactions and the effects of remeasurements discussed in the preceding paragraph are recorded in
Automotive cost of sales and GM Financial interest, operating and other expenses unless related to Automotive debt, which are recorded in Interest income
and other non-operating income, net. Foreign currency transaction and remeasurement losses were $358 million, $829 million and $437 million in the years
ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Derivative Financial Instruments Derivative ﬁnancial instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities at fair value. The accounting for changes in
the fair value of each derivative ﬁnancial instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualiﬁes as an accounting hedge, as well as the type of
hedging relationship identiﬁed. Derivative instruments are not used for trading or speculative purposes.
54