Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Takata Matters On May 4, 2016 NHTSAissued an amended consent order requiring Takata to ﬁle DIRS for previously unrecalled front airbag inﬂators that
contain an ammonium nitrate-based propellant without a moisture absorbing desiccant on a multi-year, risk-based schedule through 2019 impacting tens of
millions of vehicles produced by numerous automotive manufacturers. NHTSA concluded that the likely root cause of the rupturing of the airbag inﬂators is
a function of time, temperature cycling and environmental moisture. On May 16, 2016 Takata issued its ﬁrst DIR in connection with the amended consent
order, and on January 3, 2017, Takata issued its second set of DIRs.
Although we do not believe there is a safety defect at this time in any GM vehicles within scope of the Takata DIR, in cooperation with NHTSA we ﬁled
Preliminary DIRS on May 27, 2016, updated as of June 13, 2016, covering 2.5 million of certain of our GMT900 vehicles, which are ﬁlll-size pick-up trucks
and SUVs. On November 15, 2016 we ﬁled a petition for inconsequentiality and request for deferral of determination regarding certain GMT900 vehicles
equipped with Takata inﬂators. On November 28, 2016 NHTSA granted GM's deferral request in connection with this petition. The deferral provides GM
until August 31, 2017 to present evidence and analysis that our vehicles do not pose an unreasonable risk to motor vehicle safety. We believe that this
timeline will permit us to complete our testing of the relevant non-desiccated Takata inﬂators in GMT900 vehicles and to prove to NHTSA that the inﬂators
in these vehicles do not present an unreasonable risk to safety and that no repair will ultimately be required.
Takata ﬁled a second set of equipment DIRs on January 3, 2017 and we ﬁled a second set of Preliminary DIRs for certain GMT900 vehicles on January 10,
2017. These January 2017 DIRs are consistent with GM’s May 2016 DIRS. On the same day, we also ﬁled a second petition for inconsequentiality and
deferral of decision with respect to the vehicles subject to our January 2017 DIRs. On January 18, 2017, NHTSA consolidated our ﬁrst and second petitions
for inconsequentiality and will rule on both at the same time.
We believe these vehicles are currently performing as designed and ongoing testing continues to support the belief that the vehicles' unique design and
integration mitigates against inﬂator degradation. We believe that the results of further testing and analysis will demonstrate that the vehicles do not present
an unreasonable risk to safety and that no repair will ultimately be required. Accordingly, no warranty provision has been made for any repair associated with
our vehicles subject to the Preliminary DIRs and amended consent order. However, in the event we are ultimately obligated to repair the inﬂators in these
vehicles, we estimate a reasonably possible cost of up to $880 million for the 6.9 million vehicles subject to either the Preliminary DIRs or ﬁlture Takata
DIRs under the amended consent order.
Through January 27, 2017 we were aware of one putative class action pending against GM in federal court in the US, one putative class action in Mexico
and seven putative class actions pending in various Provincial Courts in Canada arising out of allegations that airbag inﬂators manufactured by Takata are
defective. In addition, the New Mexico Attorney General has initiated litigation against Takata and numerous automotive manufacturers, including GM. At
this early stage of these proceedings, we are unable to provide an evaluation of the likelihood that a loss will be incurred or an estimate of the amounts or
range of possible loss.
Product Liability With respect to product liability claims (other than claims relating to the ignition switch recalls discussed above) involving our and
General Motors Corporation products, we believe that any judgment against us for actual damages will be adequately covered by our recorded accruals and,
where applicable, excess liability insurance coverage. In addition we indemnify dealers for certain product liability related claims including products sold by
General Motors Corporation's dealers. At December 31, 2016 and 2015 liabilities of $656 million and $712 million were recorded in Accrued liabilities and
Other liabilities for the expected cost of all known product liability claims plus an estimate of the expected cost for product liability claims that have already
been incurred and are expected to be ﬁled in the future for which we are self-insured. In light of vehicle recalls in recent years it is reasonably possible that
our accruals for product liability claims may increase in future periods in material amounts, although we cannot estimate a reasonable range of incremental
loss based on currently available information.
Guarantees We enter into indemniﬁcation agreements for liability claims involving products manufactured primarily by certain joint ventures. We also
provide vehicle repurchase guarantees and payment guarantees on commercial loans outstanding with third parties such as dealers. These guarantees
terminate in years ranging from 2017 to 2031 or upon the occurrence of speciﬁc events or are ongoing. We believe that the related potential costs incurred
are adequately covered and our recorded accruals are insigniﬁcant. The maximum liability, calculated as future undiscounted payments, was $4.4 billion and
$2.6 billion for these guarantees at December 31, 2016 and 2015, the majority of which relate to the indemniﬁcation agreements.
77