Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
as we frequently update and post new information about our company on our website and it is possible that this information could be deemed to be material
information. Our website and information included in or linked to our website are not part of this 2016 Form 10-K.
Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports ﬁled or ﬁlmished pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act) are available free of charge through our website as soon as
reasonably practicable after they are electronically ﬁled with or ﬁlmished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The public may read and copy
the materials we ﬁle with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on
the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at l-800-SEC-0330. Additionally the SEC maintains an intemet site that contains reports,
proxy and information statements and other information. The address of the SEC's website is www.sec.gov.
>l< * >l< >l< >l< * >l<
Item 1A. Risk Factors
We face a number of signiﬁcant risks and uncertainties in connection with our operations. Our business and the results of our operations could be
materially adversely affected by the factors described below. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our operations. Risks and uncertainties
not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
If we do not deliver new products, services and customer experiences in response to new participants in the automotive industry, our business could
suﬂer. We believe that the automotive industry will experience signiﬁcant and continued change in the coming years. In addition to our traditional
competitors, we must also be responsive to the entrance of non-traditional participants in the automotive industry. These non-traditional participants may
seek to disrupt the historic business model of the industry through the introduction of new technologies, new products or services, new business models or
new methods of travel. It is strategically signiﬁcant that we lead the technological disruption occurring in our industry. As our business evolves, the pressure
to innovate will encompass a wider range of products and services, including products and services that may be outside of our historically core business, such
as autonomous vehicles, car— and ride-sharing and transportation as a service. If we do not accurately predict, prepare for and respond to new kinds of
technological innovations, market developments and changing customer needs, our sales, proﬁtability and long-term competitiveness may be harmed.
Our ability to maintain proﬁtability is dependent upon our ability to fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models that are able to attract a
suﬂicient number of consumers. We operate in a very competitive industry with market participants routinely introducing new and improved vehicle models
designed to meet rapidly evolving consumer expectations. Producing new and improved vehicle models competitively and preserving our reputation for
designing, building and selling high quality cars and trucks is critical to our long-term proﬁtability. We will launch a substantial number of new vehicles in
2017. Successful launches of our new vehicles are critical to our short-term proﬁtability. In addition, our growth strategies require us to make signiﬁcant
investment in our brands to appeal to new markets.
Our long-term proﬁtability depends upon successﬁJlly creating and funding technological innovations in design, engineering and manufacturing, which
requires extensive capital investment and the ability to retain and recruit talent. In some cases the technologies that we plan to employ are not yet
commercially practical and depend on signiﬁcant ﬁsture technological advances by us and by our suppliers. Although we will seek to obtain intellectual
property protection for our innovations to protect our competitive position, it is possible we may not be able to protect some of these innovations. There can
be no assurance that advances in technology will occur in a timely or feasible way, or that others will not acquire similar or superior technologies sooner than
we do or that we will acquire technologies on an exclusive basis or at a signiﬁcant price advantage.
It generally takes two years or more to design and develop a new vehicle, and a number of factors may lengthen that time period. Because of this product
development cycle and the various elements that may contribute to consumers’ acceptance of new vehicle designs, including competitors’ product
introductions, technological innovations, ﬁiel prices, general economic conditions and changes in styling preferences, an initial product concept or design
may not result in a vehicle that generates sales in sufﬁcient quantities and at high enough prices to be proﬁtable. Our high proportion of ﬁxed costs, both due
to our signiﬁcant investment in property, plant and equipment as well as other requirements of our collective bargaining agreements, which limit our
ﬂexibility to adjust personnel costs to changes in demands for our products, may further exacerbate the risks associated with incorrectly assessing demand for
our vehicles.
1 1