Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATENIENTS
Note 1. Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation
General Motors Company was incorporated as a Delaware corporation in 2009. We design, build and sell cars, trucks, crossovers and automobile parts
worldwide. We also provide automotive ﬁnancing services through GM Financial. We analyze the results of our business through the following segments:
GMNA, GME, GMIO, GMSA and GM Financial. Nonsegment operations and Maven, our ride- and car-sharing business, are classiﬁed as Corporate. Corporate
includes certain centrally recorded income and costs such as interest, income taxes, corporate expenditures including autonomous vehicle-related
engineering costs and certain nonsegment speciﬁc revenues and expenses.
Principles of Consolidation The consolidated ﬁnancial statements are prepared in conformity with US. GAAP. All intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation. Except for per share amounts or as otherwise speciﬁed, amounts presented Within tables are stated in millions.
We consolidate entities that we control due to ownership of a majority voting interest and we consolidate variable interest entities (VIEs) when we have
variable interests and are the primary beneﬁciary. We continually evaluate our involvement with VIEs to determine when these criteria are met. Our share of
earnings or losses of nonconsolidated affiliates is included in our consolidated operating results using the equity method of accounting when we are able to
exercise signiﬁcant inﬂuence over the operating and ﬁnancial decisions of the affiliate. We use the cost method of accounting if we are not able to exercise
signiﬁcant inﬂuence over the operating and ﬁnancial decisions of the afﬁliate.
Use of Estimates in the Preparation of the Financial Statements Accounting estimates are an integral part of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements. These
estimates require the use of judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the ﬁnancial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses in the periods presented. We believe that the accounting
estimates employed are appropriate and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, due to the inherent uncertainties in making estimates actual results
could differ from the original estimates, requiring adjustments to these balances in ﬁlture periods.
GM Financial The amounts presented for GM Financial have been adjusted to include the effect of our tax attributes on GM Financial's deferred tax
positions and provision for income taxes, which are not applicable to GM Financial on a stand—alone basis, and to eliminate the effect of transactions between
GM Financial and the other members of the consolidated group. Accordingly, the amounts presented will differ from those presented by GM Financial on a
stand—alone basis.
Note 2. Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
The accounting policies which follow are utilized by our automotive and automotive ﬁnancing operations, unless otherwise indicated.
Revenue Recognition
Automotive Automotive net sales and revenue primarily consist of revenue generated from the sale of vehicles. Vehicle sales are recorded when title and
risks and rewards of ownership have passed to our customers. For the majority of our automotive sales this occurs when a vehicle is released to the carrier
responsible for transporting it to a dealer and when collectability is reasonably assured. Vehicle sales are recorded when the vehicle is delivered to the dealer
in most remaining cases. Provisions for recurring or announced dealer and customer sales and leasing incentives, consisting of allowances and rebates, are
recorded as reductions to Automotive net sales and revenue at the time of vehicle sale. All other incentives, allowances and rebates related to vehicles
previously sold are recorded as reductions to Automotive net sales and revenue when announced. Taxes assessed by various government entities, such as
sales, use and value-added taxes, collected at the time of sale are excluded from Automotive net sales and revenue.
Vehicle sales to daily rental car companies with guaranteed repurchase obligations are accounted for as operating leases. Estimated lease revenue is
recorded ratably over the estimated term of the lease based on the difference between net sales proceeds and the guaranteed repurchase amount. The
difference between the cost of the vehicle and estimated residual value is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated term of the lease.
Automotive Financing - GM Financial Finance charge income earned on receivables is recognized using the effective interest method. Fees and
commissions (including incentive payments) received and direct costs of originating loans are deferred and amortized over the term of the related ﬁnance
receivables using the effective interest method and are removed from the consolidated
49