Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
Directors in its oversight of our ﬁnancial and risk management strategies. Arisk management control framework is utilized to monitor the strategies, risks and
related hedge positions in accordance with the policies and procedures approved by the Financial Risk Council. Our ﬁnancial risk management policy is
designed to protect against risk arising from extreme adverse market movements on our key exposures.
The following analyses provide quantitative information regarding exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk and interest rate risk. Sensitivity
analysis is used to measure the potential loss in the fair value of ﬁnancial instruments with exposure to market risk. The models used assume instantaneous,
parallel shifts in exchange rates and interest rate yield curves. For options and other instruments with nonlinear returns, models appropriate to these types of
instruments are utilized to determine the effect of market shifts. There are certain shortcomings inherent in the sensitivity analyses presented, due primarily to
the assumption that interest rates change in a parallel fashion and that spot exchange rates change instantaneously. In addition the analyses are unable to
reﬂect the complex market reactions that normally would arise from the market shifts modeled and do not contemplate the effects of correlations between
foreign currency pairs or offsetting long-short positions in currency pairs which may signiﬁcantly reduce the potential loss in value.
Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk We have foreign currency exposures related to buying, selling and ﬁnancing in currencies other than the
functional currencies of our operations. At December 31, 2016 our most signiﬁcant foreign currency exposures were the Euro/British Pound, U.S.
Dollar/Canadian Dollar, Euro/US. Dollar, US. Dollar/Mexican Peso, Euro/South Korean Won and US. Dollar/South Korean Won. Derivative instruments
such as foreign currency forwards, swaps and options are used primarily to hedge exposures with respect to forecasted revenues, costs and commitments
denominated in foreign currencies. At December 31, 2016 such contracts had remaining maturities of up to 12 months.
At December 31, 2016 and 2015 the net fair value liability of ﬁnancial instruments with exposure to foreign currency risk was $1.0 billion and $0.8 billion.
These amounts are calculated utilizing a population of foreign currency exchange derivatives, embedded derivatives and foreign currency denominated debt
and exclude the offsetting effect of foreign currency cash, cash equivalents and other assets. The potential loss in fair value for such ﬁnancial instruments
from a 10% adverse change in all quoted foreign currency exchange rates would have been $0.2 billion and $0.3 billion at December 31, 2016 and 2015.
We are exposed to foreign currency risk due to the translation and remeasurement of the results of certain international operations into U.S. Dollars as part
of the consolidation process. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates can therefore create volatility in the results of operations and may adversely
affect our ﬁnancial condition.
The following table summarizes the amounts of automotive foreign currency translation and transaction and remeasurement losses:
Years Ended December 31,
2016 2015
I . . . ‘
lTranslatlon losses recorded 1n Accumulated other comprehenswe loss $ 176 $ 302 1
Transaction and remeasurement losses recorded in earnings $ 345 $ 813
Interest Rate Risk We are subject to market risk from exposure to changes in interest rates related to certain ﬁnancial instruments, primarily debt, capital
lease obligations and certain marketable securities. At December 31, 2016 and 2015 we did not have any interest rate swap positions to manage interest rate
exposures in our automotive operations. At December 31, 2016 and 2015 the fair value liability of debt and capital leases was $11.6 billion and $9.1 billion.
The potential increase in fair value resulting from a 10% decrease in quoted interest rates would have been $0.5 billion and $0.4 billion at December 31,
2016 and 2015.
At December 31, 2016 and 2015 we had marketable securities of $1 1.8 billion and $7.6 billion classiﬁed as available-for—sale and an insigniﬁcant amount
and $0.6 billion classiﬁed as trading. The potential decrease in fair value from a 50 basis point increase in interest rates would have had an insigniﬁcant
effect at December 31, 2016 and 2015.
Automotive Financing - GM Financial
Interest Rate Risk Fluctuations in market interest rates can affect GM Financial's gross interest rate spread, which is the difference between interest earned
on ﬁnance receivables and interest paid on debt. Typically retail ﬁnance receivables purchased by GM Financial bear ﬁxed interest rates and are funded by
variable or ﬁxed rate debt. Commercial ﬁnance receivables originated by GM Financial bear variable interest rates and are funded by variable rate debt. The
variable rate debt is subject to adjustments to reﬂect
41