Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
non-manufacturing operations that are landﬁll-free. At our landﬁll-free manufacturing operations approximately 90% of waste materials are reused or
recycled and approximately 10% are converted to energy at waste-to—energy facilities. Including construction, demolition and remediation wastes, we
estimate that we reused, recycled or composted over 2.5 million metric tons of waste materials at our global manufacturing operations, converted over
137,000 metric tons of waste materials to energy at waste-to-energy facilities and avoided approximately 9 million metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions
in the year ended December 31, 2016.
In addition to minimizing our impact on the environment our landﬁll-free program and total waste reduction commitments generate revenue from the sale
of production by-products, reduce our use of material, reduce our carbon footprint and help to reduce the risks and ﬁnancial liabilities associated with waste
disposal.
We continue to search for ways to increase our use of renewable energy and improve our energy efﬁciency and work to drive growth and scale of
renewables. We have committed to meeting the electricity needs of our operations worldwide with renewable energy by 2050. At December 31, 2016 we had
implemented projects globally that had increased our total renewable energy capacity to over 167 megawatts. In 2016 we also met the EPA Energy Star
Challenge for Industry (EPA Challenge) at 12 of our sites globally by reducing energy intensity an average of 18% at these sites. To meet the EPA Challenge
industrial sites must reduce energy intensity by 10% in ﬁve years or fewer. Two of the sites achieved the goal for the ﬁrst time, bringing the total number of
GM-owned sites to have met the EPA Challenge to 75, with many sites achieving the goal multiple times. These efforts minimize our utility expenses and are
part of our approach to addressing climate change through setting a greenhouse gas emissions reduction target, collecting accurate data, following our
business plan and publicly reporting progress against our target.
Chemical Regulations We continually monitor the implementation of chemical regulations to maintain compliance and evaluate their effect on our
business, suppliers and the automotive industry.
Governmental agencies in both the US. and Canada continue to introduce new regulations and legislation related to the selection and use of chemicals or
substances of concern by mandating broad prohibitions, green chemistry, life cycle analysis and product stewardship initiatives. These initiatives give broad
regulatory authority to ban or restrict the use of certain chemical substances and potentially affect automobile manufacturers' responsibilities for vehicle
components at the end of a vehicle's life, as well as chemical selection for product development and manufacturing. Chemical restrictions in Canada are
progressing rapidly as a result of Environment Canada’s Chemical Management Plan to assess existing substances and implement risk management controls
on any chemical deemed toxic. In June 2016, the US. enacted the Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act that grants the EPA more authority to regulate
and ban chemicals from use in the US. and is expected to increase the level of regulation of chemicals in vehicles. These emerging regulations will
potentially lead to increases in costs and supply chain complexity. We believe that we are materially in compliance with substantially all of these
requirements or expect to be materially in compliance by the required date.
In 2007 the European Union implemented its regulatory requirements, the EU REACH regulation among others, to register, evaluate, authorize and restrict
the use of chemical substances. This regulation requires chemical substances manufactured in or imported into the European Union to be registered with the
European Chemicals Agency before 2018. Under this regulation, “substances of very high concern” may either require authorization for further use or may be
restricted in the future. This could potentially increase the cost of certain alternative substances that are used to manufacture vehicles and parts, or result in a
supply chain disruption when a substance is no longer available to meet production timelines. Our research and development initiatives may be used to
address future requirements. We believe that we are materially in compliance with substantially all of these requirements or expect to be materially in
compliance by the required date.
There are various regulations in China stipulating the requirements for chemical management. Among other things, these regulations catalogue and restrict
the use and the import and export of various chemical substances. The failure of our joint venture partners or our suppliers to comply with these regulations
could disrupt production in China or prevent our joint venture partners from selling the affected products in the China market.
Safety In the US. the National Trafﬁc and Motor Vehicle Safety Act of 1966 prohibits the sale of any new vehicle or equipment in the US. that does not
conform to applicable vehicle safety standards established by the National Highway Trafﬁc Safety Administration (NHT SA). If we or NHTSA determine that
either a vehicle or vehicle equipment does not comply with a safety standard or if a vehicle defect creates an unreasonable safety risk the manufacturer is
required to notify owners and provide a remedy. We are required to report certain information relating to certain customer complaints, warranty claims, ﬁeld
reports and notices and claims involving property damage, injuries and fatalities in the US. and claims involving fatalities outside the US. We are also
required to report certain information concerning safety recalls and other safety campaigns outside the US.
8