Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
cases. The district court has scheduled additional personal injury bellwether trials for 2017 and 2018. Each bellwether trial will be tried on its facts and the
result of any subsequent bellwether trial may be different from the earlier bellwether trials.
On July 15 , 2016 the district court granted in part and denied in part GM's motion to dismiss plaintiffs' complaint seeking damages for alleged economic
loss relating to the ignition switch and other recalls by GM in 2014. The district court dismissed plaintiffs' claims brought under the Racketeer Inﬂuenced
and Corrupt Organization Act (RICO), and those brought by any plaintiff whose vehicle was not allegedly defective when sold. The district court also
rejected Plaintiffs' broadest theory of damages — that plaintiffs could seek recovery for alleged reduction in the value of their vehicles due to damage to GM's
reputation and brand as a result of the ignition switch matter. The district court also held that plaintiﬁ‘s did not have a common basis for their claims across all
defects and models to proceed as a single class, and that the remaining claims may have to proceed individually or in subclasses of vehicles affected by a
common defect. Further, the district court held that the named plaintiffs may assert claims only on behalf of owners of the same vehicle models that they
themselves purchased (or leased) or models with sufﬁciently similar defects, and that it will not specify the speciﬁc permissible class claims until the class-
certiﬁcation stage. Finally, the district court granted GM's motion to dismiss with respect to certain state law claims but denied it as to other state law claims.
The court held that the viability of state law claims will depend on each state's speciﬁc laws and plaintiffs' speciﬁc factual allegations. While the ruling
addressed post-bankruptcy claims, we believe the district court's legal holdings should apply to limit plaintiffs' pre-bankruptcy claims similarly. On
September 15 , 2016, Plaintiffs ﬁled a Fourth Amended Consolidated Complaint amending their economic—loss claims. On December 7, 2016 GM moved to
dismiss certain claims in that complaint as well.
Because many plaintiffs in the actions described in the above paragraphs are suing over the conduct of General Motors Corporation or vehicles
manufactured by that entity for liabilities not expressly assumed by GM, we moved to enforce the terms of the July 2009 Sale Order and Injunction (2009
Sale Order) issued by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Bankruptcy Court) to preclude claims from being asserted
against us for, among other things, personal injuries based on pre-sale accidents, any economic-loss claims based on acts or conduct of General Motors
Corporation and claims asserting successor liability for obligations owed by General Motors Corporation (successor liability claims). On April 15, 2015 the
Bankruptcy Court issued a decision precluding claims against us based upon pre-sale accidents, claims based upon the acts or conduct by General Motors
Corporation and successor liability claims, except for claims asserting liabilities that had been expressly assumed by us in the July 2009 Sale Agreement, and
claims that could be asserted against us only if they were otherwise Viable and arose solely out of our own independent post-closing acts and did not in any
way rely on acts or conduct by General Motors Corporation. Plaintiffs appealed the Bankruptcy Court’s decision and we cross appealed with respect to
certain issues to preserve our rights.
On July 13, 2016 a three judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit (Second Circuit) issued a decision and judgment
afﬁrming in part, reversing in part, and vacating portions of the Bankruptcy Court's April 15, 2015 decision and subsequent judgment. Among other things,
the Second Circuit held that the 2009 Sale Order could not be enforced to bar claims against GM asserted by either plaintiffs who purchased used vehicles
after the sale closing or against purchasers who asserted claims relating to the ignition switch defect, including pre-closing personal injury claims and
economic-loss claims. The Second Circuit also vacated that portion of the Bankruptcy Court judgment enforcing the 2009 Sale Order against plaintiffs with
pre-sale claims based on defects other than the ignition switch and remanded that issue to the Bankruptcy Court for further proceedings. The Second Circuit
denied our request for an en banc review of the panel's decision and judgment. On December 13, 2016 we petitioned for certiorari to the United States
Supreme Court. In 2014 GM voluntarily established the Ignition Switch Recall Compensation Program (the Program), administered by an independent
administrator, which provided compensation for individuals who died or suffered personal injuries (or for their families) as a result of the ignition switch
defect, both before and after bankruptcy. The Program completed its claims review process in the three months ended September 30, 2015, but continues to
process acceptances that require court approval and resolve liens related to accepted claims. Accident victims (or their families) that accept a payment under
the Program agree to settle all claims against GM related to the accident. As a result, certain pre-closing personal injury claims relating to the ignition switch
defect were resolved through this program.
In the putative shareholder class action ﬁled in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan (Eastern District) on behalf of
purchasers of our common stock from November 17, 2010 to July 24, 2014 (Shareholder Class Action), the lead plaintiff, the New York State Teachers'
Retirement System, alleged that GM and several current and former ofﬁcers and employees made material misstatements and omissions relating to problems
with the ignition switch and other matters in SEC ﬁlings and other public statements. On May 23, 2016 the Eastern District entered a judgment approving a
class-wide settlement of the Shareholder Class Action for $300 million. One shareholder has ﬁled an appeal of the decision approving the settlement.
On February 11, 2016 the Delaware Supreme Court afﬁrmed the dismissal of four consolidated shareholder derivative actions that had been pending in the
Delaware Chancery Court. In light of the Delaware Supreme Court’s decision, proceedings have
74