SAIC GENERAL MOTORS CORP., LTD AND SUBSIDIARIES
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements
1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES
(a) Description of Business
SAIC General Motors Corp., Ltd. (the "Company") was established in Shanghai, People's Republic of China ("PRC")
by SAIC Motor Corporation Limited ("SAIC") with General Motors China LLC (f.k.a General Motors China, Inc.) and
General Motors (China) Investment Corp., Ltd. as a Sino-foreign equity joint venture. The Company was established on
May 16, 1997 with an operating period of 30 years. The Company and subsidiaries are mainly engaged in the
manufacturing and selling of vehicles, engines, transmissions, and their components and parts.
As of December 31, 2016, the Company's subsidiaries include SAIC GM Dong Yue Motors Co., Ltd. ("DY"), SAIC
GM Dong Yue Powertrain Co., Ltd. ("PT") and SAIC GM (Shenyang) Norsom Motors Co., Ltd. ("Norsom").
(b) Basis of Presentation
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America ("US GAAP").
(0) Basis of consolidation
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements include the accounts of the Company and its controlled subsidiaries. The Company
has no involvement with variable interest entities. The Company's share of earnings or losses of nonconsolidated afﬁliates
is included in the consolidated operating results using the equity method of accounting when the Company is able to
exercise signiﬁcant inﬂuence over the operating and ﬁnancial decisions of the afﬁliates. All intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Details of the subsidiaries who are controlled by the Company and whose ﬁnancial statements are consolidated are as
follows:
N ameiofjheientity: an,ership:p,ercentage Date,of,ac,quisition
DY 50% February 10, 2003
PT 50% March 7, 2004
Norsom 50% July 19,2004
(d) Use of estimates
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements are prepared in conformity with US GAAP, which require the use of estimates,
judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the ﬁnancial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses in the periods
presented. The Company believes that the accounting estimates employed are appropriate and the resulting balances are
reasonable; however, due to the inherent uncertainties in making estimates, actual results could differ from the original
estimates, requiring adjustments to these balances in future periods.
_ 9 _