Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
(a) Amounts include automotive interest payments based on contractual terms and current interest rates on our debt and capital lease obligations. Automotive interest payments
based on variable interest rates were determined using the interest rate in effect at December 31, 2016.
(b) GM Financial interest payments were determined using the interest rate in effect at December 31, 2016 for ﬂoating rate debt and the contractual rates for ﬁxed rate debt. GM
Financial interest payments on ﬂoating rate tranches of the securitization notes payable were converted to a ﬁxed rate based on the ﬂoating rate plus any expected hedge
payments.
(c) Amounts include OPEB payments under the current U.S. contractual labor agreements through 2019 and Canada labor agreements through 2020. These agreements are
generally renegotiated in the year of expiration. Amounts do not include pension funding obligations, which are discussed in Note 14 to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
((1) Amounts do not include future cash payments for long-term purchase obligations and other accrued expenditures (unless speciﬁcally listed in the table above) which were
recorded in Accounts payable or Accrued liabilities at December 31, 2016.
(6) Amounts include all expected future payments for both current and expected future service at December 31, 2016 for OPEB obligations for salaried and hourly employees
extending beyond the current North American union contract agreements. Amounts do not include pension funding obligations, which are discussed in Note 14 to our
consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
The table above does not reﬂect product warranty and related liabilities of $9.7 billion and unrecognized tax beneﬁts of $ 1 .2 billion due to the uncertainty
regarding the ﬁiture cash outﬂows potentially associated with these amounts.
Critical Accounting Estimates Accounting estimates are an integral part of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements. These estimates require the use of
judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
ﬁnancial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses in the periods presented. We believe the accounting estimates employed are
appropriate and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, due to the inherent uncertainties in developing estimates actual results could differ from the
original estimates, requiring adjustments to these balances in ﬁiture periods. Refer to Note 2 to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements for our signiﬁcant
accounting policies related to our critical accounting estimates.
Pension and OPEB Plans Our deﬁned beneﬁt pension plans are accounted for on an actuarial basis, which requires the selection of various assumptions,
including an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, a discount rate, mortality rates of participants and expectation of mortality improvement. The
expected long-term rate of return on U.S. plan assets that is utilized in determining pension expense is derived from periodic studies, which include a review
of asset allocation strategies, anticipated future long-term performance of individual asset classes, risks using standard deviations and correlations of returns
among the asset classes that comprise the plans' asset mix. While the studies give appropriate consideration to recent plan performance and historical returns,
the assumptions are primarily long-term, prospective rates of return.
In December 2016 an investment policy study was completed for the U.S. pension plans. The study resulted in new target asset allocations being approved
for the U.S. pension plans with resulting changes to the expected long-term rate of return on assets. The weighted-average long-term rate of return on assets
decreased from 6.3% at December 31, 2015 to 6.2% at December 31, 2016. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used in determining pension
expense for non—U.S. plans is determined in a similar manner to the U.S. plans.
Another key assumption in determining net pension and OPEB expense is the assumed discount rate used to discount plan obligations. We estimate the
assumed discount rate for U.S. plans using a cash ﬂow matching approach, which uses projected cash ﬂows matched to spot rates along a high quality
corporate yield curve to determine the weighted-average discount rate for the calculation of the present value of cash ﬂows. Effective 2016 we applied the
individual annual yield curve rates instead of the assumed discount rate to determine the service cost and interest cost. This reﬁnement more speciﬁcally
links the cash ﬂows related to service cost and interest cost to bonds maturing in their year of payment. The reﬁnement reduced the service cost and interest
cost in 2016 by $0.8 billion. There was no effect on the determination of the plan obligations which continues to be calculated using the assumed discount
rate.
We have reviewed and incorporated the mortality improvement tables published by the Society of Actuaries in the three months ended December 31, 2016
that lowered life expectancies and thereby indicated the amount of estimated aggregate beneﬁt payments to our U.S. pension plans' participants was
decreasing. This change in assumption decreased the December 31, 2016 U.S. pension and OPEB plans’ beneﬁt obligations by $0.9 billion.
Signiﬁcant differences in actual experience or signiﬁcant changes in assumptions may materially affect the pension obligations. The eﬁ‘ects of actual
results differing from assumptions and the changing of assumptions are included in unamortized net actuarial gains and losses that are subject to amortization
to pension expense over future periods. The unamortized pre-tax actuarial loss on our pension plans was $4.8 billion and $3.7 billion at December 31, 2016
and 2015. The year-over—year change is primarily due
37