Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
resumed in the two consolidated shareholder derivative actions in the Eastern District that had been stayed pending disposition of the Delaware cases and the
Eastern District is now considering our motion to dismiss in those actions. In early 2016 an additional shareholder derivative action was ﬁled in the Eastern
District against certain current and former GM directors and ofﬁcers making similar allegations to the two other shareholder derivative actions that are
pending in the Eastern District. This new derivative action has been transferred to the same judge handling those two other shareholder derivative actions.
Two derivative actions ﬁled in the Circuit Court of Wayne County, Michigan, which have been consolidated, are stayed pending disposition of the federal
derivative actions.
In connection with the 2014 recalls, we have from time to time received subpoenas and other requests for information related to investigations by agencies
or other representatives of US. federal, state and the Canadian governments. On January 18, 2017, GM resolved an SEC investigation. On December 15,
2016, we received notice of a Final Decision and Order from the Federal Trade Commission closing its investigation into GM's certiﬁed pre-owned vehicle
advertising. The Final Decision and Order does not require any payment by GM, but it does require GM to make certain advertising disclosures and send
notices to certain customers who purchased certiﬁed pre-owned vehicles. Ongoing matters of investigations as of December 31, 2016 include litigation
initiated by the Arizona Attorney General, litigation initiated by the Orange County District Attorney, and investigations by 49 state attorneys general which
may result in litigation. We believe we are cooperating fully with all reasonable pending requests for information. We have accrued for these matters to the
extent required by law and regulations. Such matters could in the future result in the imposition of material damages, ﬁnes, civil consent orders, civil and
criminal penalties or other remedies.
Under the DPA we consented to the ﬁling of a two-count information (the information) in the district court charging GM with a scheme to conceal material
facts from a government regulator, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1001, and wire fraud, in violation of Title 18, United States Code,
Section 1343. We have pled not guilty to the charges alleged in the information. Under the DPA we paid the United States $900 million as a ﬁnancial
penalty. Payment was made in the three months ended September 30, 2015.
Pursuant to the DPA, the Ofﬁce agreed to recommend to the district court that prosecution of GM on the information be deferred for three years. The Ofﬁce
also agreed that if we are in compliance with all of our obligations under the DPA, the Ofﬁce will, within 30 days after the expiration of the period of deferral
(including any extensions thereto), seek dismissal with prejudice of the information ﬁled against GM. The DPA ﬁlrther provides that, in the event the Ofﬁce
determines during the period of deferral of prosecution (or any extensions thereof) that we have violated any provision of the DPA, the Ofﬁce may in its
discretion either prosecute GM on the charges alleged in the information or impose an extension of the period of deferral of prosecution of up to one
additional year, but in no event will the total term of the deferral-of—prosecution period under the DPA exceed four years.
In the DPA, we also agreed to retain an independent monitor (the Monitor) for a period of three years to review and assess our policies, practices or
procedures related to statements about motor vehicle safety, the provision of information to those responsible for recall decisions, recall processes and
addressing known defects in certiﬁed pre-owned vehicles. The Ofﬁce has the authority to lengthen the Monitor's term up to one year if the Ofﬁce determines
we have violated the DPA. Likewise, the Ofﬁce may shorten the Monitor's term if the Office determines that a monitor is no longer necessary. We are required
to pay the compensation and expenses of the Monitor and of the persons hired under his or her authority. The Monitor commenced his term in November
2015.
The total amount accrued at December 31, 2016 reﬂects amounts for a combination of settled but unpaid matters, and for the remaining unsettled
investigations, claims and/or lawsuits relating to the ignition switch recalls and other related recalls represents a combination of our best single point
estimates where determinable and, where no such single point estimate is determinable, our estimate of the low end of the range of probable loss with regard
to such matters, if that is determinable. We believe it is probable that we will incur additional liabilities beyond what has already been accrued with regard to
at least a portion of the remaining matters, whether through settlement or judgment; however, we are currently unable to estimate an overall amount or range
of loss because these matters involve signiﬁcant uncertainties, including the legal theory or the nature of the investigations, claims and/or lawsuits, the
complexity of the facts, the lack of documentation available to us with respect to particular cases or groups of cases, the results of any investigation or
litigation and the timing of resolution of the investigation or litigations, including any appeals, further proceedings following the Supreme Court's decision
as to whether it will grant review of the Second Circuit's July 13, 2016 decision, and further proceedings following the district court's July 15, 2016 decision
and its decision on GM's motion to dismiss the Fourth Amended and Consolidated Complaint in the multidistrict litigation. We will continue to consider
resolution of pending matters involving ignition switch recalls and other recalls where it makes sense to do so.
GM Canada Dealers' Claim On February 12, 2010 a claim was ﬁled in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice against GM Canada on behalf of a purported
class of over 200 former GM Canada dealers (the Plaintiff Dealers) which had entered into wind-
75