Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
Year Ending December 31,
2017
lAutomotive net cash provided bﬂperating activities $ 15 l
Less: expected capital expenditures (9)
lAdjusted automotive free cash ﬂow r$ 6
We face continuing challenges from a market, operating and regulatory standpoint in a number of countries across the globe due to, among other factors,
weak economic conditions, competitive pressures, our product portfolio offerings, emissions standards, foreign exchange volatility and political uncertainty.
As a result of these conditions, we continue to strategically assess our performance and ability to achieve acceptable returns on our invested capital. As we
continue to assess our performance, additional restructuring and rationalization actions may be required or a determination may be made that the carrying
amount of our long-lived assets may not be recoverable in certain of these countries. Such a determination may give rise to future asset impairments or other
charges which may have a material impact on our results of operations.
GMNA In the year ended December 31, 2016 industry sales to retail and ﬂeet customers were 21.9 million units representing a 1.7% increase compared to
the corresponding period in 2015 due to strong consumer demand driven by credit availability, low interest rates and low fuel prices.
In the year ended December 31, 2016 our vehicle sales in the U.S., our largest market in North America, totaled 3.0 million units for market share of 17.0%,
representing a decrease of 0.3 percentage points compared to the corresponding period in 2015. The decrease in our U.S. market share was driven primarily by
lower ﬂeet market share due to a planned reduction in rental deliveries, partially offset by higher retail market share. US. retail sales, generally more
proﬁtable than ﬂeet sales, generated an increase of 0.5 percentage points in market share, primarily driven by Chevrolet.
We achieved EBIT—adjusted margins of 10.1% during 2016 on continued strength of US. industry light vehicle sales, new product launches and material
and other cost savings, which partially oﬁ‘set launch related costs. Based on our current cost structure, we continue to estimate GMNA’S breakeven point at
the US. industry level to be in the range of 10.0 - 11.0 million units. We expect to sustain an EBIT-adjusted margin of 10% in 2017 on continued strength of
US. industry light vehicle sales, key product launches and continued focus on overall cost savings.
GME As a result of moderate economic growth across Europe (excluding Russia) automotive industry sales to retail and ﬂeet customers continued
improving in the year ended December 31, 2016 with industry sales to retail and ﬂeet customers of 18.8 million units representing a 6.1% increase compared
to the corresponding period in 2015.
Our European operations are beneﬁting from this trend and vehicle sales continue to show signs of improvement underscored by further improvement in
our Opel and Vauxhall retail vehicle sales of 1.2 million units for market share of 5.7% in the year ended December 31, 2016 consistent with the
corresponding period in 2015 . We continue to implement various strategic actions to strengthen our operations and increase our competitiveness.
Despite the improvements we experienced through most of 2016 we were unable to overcome the impacts of the UK. referendum vote to leave the
European Union (Brexit) resulting in a $0.3 billion unfavorable impact due primarily to adverse movement in the British Pound against the US. Dollar.
We anticipate the impacts of Brexit to continue through 2017. We also anticipate headwinds associated with industry pricing pressures and increased costs
associated with depreciation, amortization, marketing and costs associated with our new product launches. We intend to mitigate these headwinds with the
ﬁlll beneﬁt of our recently launched Astra and Mokka X along with the 2017 launches of the Insignia, Ampera E, and two new crossovers that we believe will
substantially increase our competitiveness in this growing market.
The German Ministry of Transportation and the Kraftfahrt—Bundesamt have requested the participation of a number of automotive manufacturers, including
our German subsidiary, in continuing discussions on emissions control issues and have also requested, from time to time, written responses from our
subsidiary on the subject. Our German subsidiary has participated in these discussions and has provided the requested responses to inquiries concerning
nitrogen oxide emission control systems of its diesel engines. In addition, the German and the EU Parliaments have instigated Inquiry Commissions into
government agencies' oversight of emissions enforcement, requesting our German subsidiary's participation. At the same time, the German government has
instigated further industry-Wide inquiries about C02 emissions. This scrutiny, regulatory changes and increased enforcement has led to
22