Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
An expected return on plan asset methodology is utilized to calculate ﬁJture pension expense for certain signiﬁcant funded beneﬁt plans. Amarket-related
value of plan assets methodology is also utilized that averages gains and losses on the plan assets over a period of years to determine ﬁlture pension expense.
The methodology recognizes 60% of the difference between the fair value of assets and the expected calculated value in the ﬁrst year and 10% of that
difference over each of the next four years.
The discount rate assumption is established for each of the retirement-related beneﬁt plans at their respective measurement dates. In the US. we use a cash
ﬂow matching approach that uses projected cash ﬂows matched to spot rates along a high quality corporate bond yield curve to determine the present value
of cash ﬂows to calculate a single equivalent discount rate. Effective 2016 we applied the individual annual yield curve rates instead of the single equivalent
discount rate to determine the service cost and interest cost for our pension and OPEB plans. This reﬁnement more speciﬁcally links the cash ﬂows related to
service cost and interest cost to bonds maturing in their year of payment.
The beneﬁt obligation for pension plans in Canada, the UK. and Germany represents 91% of the non-US. pension beneﬁt obligation at December 31,
2016. The discount rates for plans in Canada, the UK. and Germany are determined using a cash ﬂow matching approach similar to the US. approach.
Plan Asset Valuation Due to the lack of timely available market information for certain investments in the asset classes described below as well as the
inherent uncertainty of valuation, reported fair values may differ from fair values that would have been used had timely available market information been
available.
Common and Preferred Stock Common and preferred stock for which market prices are readily available at the measurement date are valued at the last
reported sale price or official closing price on the primary market or exchange on which they are actively traded and are classiﬁed in Level 1. Such equity
securities for which the market is not considered to be active are valued via the use of observable inputs, which may include, among others, the use of
adjusted market prices last available, bids or last available sales prices and/or other observable inputs and are classiﬁed in Level 2. Common and preferred
stock classiﬁed in Level 3 are privately issued securities or other issues that are valued via the use of valuation models using signiﬁcant unobservable inputs
that generally consider, among others, aged (stale) pricing, earnings multiples, discounted cash ﬂows and/or other qualitative and quantitative factors.
Debt Securities Valuations for debt securities are based on quotations received from independent pricing services or from dealers who make markets in
such securities. Debt securities priced via pricing services that utilize matrix pricing which considers readily observable inputs such as the yield or price of
bonds of comparable quality, coupon, maturity and type as well as dealer supplied prices, are classiﬁed in Level 2. Debt securities that are typically priced by
dealers and pricing services via the use of proprietary pricing models which incorporate signiﬁcant unobservable inputs are classiﬁed in Level 3. These
inputs primarily consist of yield and credit spread assumptions, discount rates, prepayment curves, default assumptions and recovery rates.
Investment Funds, Private Equity and Debt Investments and Real Estate Investments Investment funds, private equity and debt investments and real estate
investments are valued based on the Net Asset Value (NAV) per Share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient to estimate fair value due to the absence of
readily available market prices.
NAV‘s are provided by the respective investment sponsors or investment advisers and are subsequently reviewed and approved by management. In the
event management concludes a reported NAV does not reﬂect fair value or is not determined as of the ﬁnancial reporting measurement date, we will consider
whether and when deemed necessary to make an adjustment at the balance sheet date. In determining whether an adjustment to the external valuation is
required, we will review material factors that could affect the valuation, such as changes in the composition or performance of the underlying investments or
comparable investments, overall market conditions, expected sale prices for private investments which are probable of being sold in the short-term and other
economic factors that may possibly have a favorable or unfavorable effect on the reported external valuation.
Stock Incentive Plans Our stock incentive plans include RSUs, RSAs, Performance Share Units (PSUs) and stock options. We measure and record
compensation expense based on the fair value of our common stock on the date of grant for RSUs, RSAs and PSUs and the grant date fair value of stock
options determined utilizing a lattice model or the Black-Scholes-Merton formula. Compensation cost for awards that do not have an established accounting
grant date is based on the fair value of our common stock at the end of each reporting period. We record compensation cost for RSUs, RSAs and PSUs on a
straight-line basis over the entire vesting period, or for retirement eligible employees over the requisite service period. We use the graded vesting method to
record compensation cost for stock options over the lesser of the vesting period or the time period an employee becomes eligible
5 3