Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
increased testing and re-testing of our vehicles and analysis of their emissions control systems, which could lead to increased costs, penalties, negative
publicity or reputational impact, and recall activity if regulators determine that emission levels and required regulatory compliance should be based on either
a wider spectrum of driving conditions for future testing parameters or stricter or novel interpretations and consequent enforcement of existing requirements.
No assurance can be given that the ultimate outcome of any potential investigations or increased testing resulting from this scrutiny would not materially and
adversely aﬁ‘ect us.
GMIO In the year ended December 31, 2016 China industry sales were 28.3 million units, representing an increase of 12.9% compared to the corresponding
period in 2015. In the year ended December 31, 2016 our China wholesale volumes increased by 4.9% compared to the corresponding period in 2015. Our
market share decreased to 13.8%, down 1.1 percentage points as our volume growth was less than that of the industry. Strong growth in Cadillac, Buick and
Baojun passenger vehicles, including SUVs, were partially offset by lower Chevrolet sales because of model changeover and lower Wuling sales because of a
continued segment shift away from mini commercial vehicles. In the year ended December 31, 2016 our Automotive China IVs generated equity income of
$2.0 billion. We expect moderate industry growth in 2017 and continuation of pricing pressures which will continue to pressure margins. We continue to
expect an increase in vehicle sales driven by new launches and expect to sustain strong China equity income by focusing on vehicle mix improvements, cost
improvements and efﬁciencies, and downstream performance optimization.
Aweaker economy due partially to lower oil prices and foreign exchange volatility, among other factors, negatively impacted the overall automotive
industry in the rest of Asia Paciﬁc, Aﬁica and the Middle East and led to industry sales to retail and ﬂeet customers of 18.9 million units, representing a
decrease of 3.2% in the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the corresponding period in 2015. In the year ended December 31, 2016 our retail sales
totaled 0.7 million units leading to a market share of 3.6%, representing a decrease of 0.5 percentage points compared to the corresponding period in 2015.
The decrease in retail sales volumes was due primarily to overall industry volume declines, foreign currency availability and economic challenges in the
Middle East, Egypt and South Aﬁica.
In 2017 we expect the operating environment to remain challenging. As we strategically assess our performance and the manner in which we operate in
certain countries, additional restructuring and rationalization actions may be required and may have a material impact on our results of operations.
GMSA The South American automotive industry continues to be challenged by weak economic conditions and lack of consumer conﬁdence. Industry sales
to retail and ﬂeet customers were 3.7 million units in the year ended December 31, 2016 representing a 12.3% decrease compared to the corresponding period
in 2015. In the year ended December 31, 2016, our vehicle sales in Brazil, our largest market in South America, totaled 0.3 million units for market share of
16.9%, representing an increase of 1.8 percentage points compared to the corresponding period in 2015 primarily driven by a refreshed portfolio.
In 2017 we expect conditions in South America to improve as the economy recovers driven by higher consumer conﬁdence and lower interest rates. We
will continue to monitor conditions in South America and take actions to address challenges in the region.
Corporate In connection with our capital allocation program, as detailed in the "Liquidity and Capital Resources" section of this MD&A, we previously
announced that our Board of Directors had authorized programs to purchase up to $5 billion and $4 billion of our common stock before the end of 2016 and
2017. We completed the $5 billion program in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $1 billion of the $4 billion program in the three months
ended December 31, 2016. In January 2017 we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized the purchase of up to an additional $5 billion of our
common stock with no expiration date, subsequent to completing the remaining portion of the previously announced programs. Through February 1, 2017
we had purchased 180 million shares of our outstanding common stock under our common stock repurchase program for $6.0 billion.
The Ignition Switch Recall has led to various inquiries, investigations, subpoenas, requests for information and complaints from agencies or other
representatives of U.S., federal, state and Canadian governments. In addition these and other recalls have resulted in a number of claims and lawsuits. Such
lawsuits and investigations could in the future result in the imposition of material damages, ﬁnes, civil consent orders, civil and criminal penalties or other
remedies. Refer to Note 15 to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements for additional information.
Takata Matters On May 4, 2016 NHTSA issued an amended consent order requiring Takata to ﬁle defect information reports (DIRs) for previously
unrecalled front airbag inﬂators that contain an ammonium nitrate-based propellant without a moisture absorbing desiccant on a multi—year, risk-based
schedule through 2019 impacting tens of millions of vehicles produced by numerous automotive manufacturers. NHTSA concluded that the likely root cause
of the rupturing of the airbag inﬂators is a ﬁinction of
23