Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
The pension plans may invest in debt securities for which any change in the relevant interest rates for particular securities might result in an investment
manager being unable to secure similar returns upon the maturity or the sale of securities. In addition changes to prevailing interest rates or changes in
expectations of future interest rates might result in an increase or decrease in the fair value of the securities held. Interest rate swaps and other ﬁnancial
derivative instruments may be used to manage interest rate risk.
Beneﬁt Payments Beneﬁts for most US. pension plans and certain non-US. pension plans are paid out of plan assets rather than our Cash and cash
equivalents. The following table summarizes net beneﬁt payments expected to be paid in the future, which include assumptions related to estimated future
employee service:
Pension Benefits Other Benefits
US. Plans _ Non-U.S. Plans _ Global Plans
l2017 $ 5,476 $ 1,382 $ 380 l
2018 $ 5,195 $ 1,247 $ 374
l2019 $ 5,068 $ 1,242 $ 369 l
2020 $ 4,953 $ 1,234 $ 365
l2021 $ 4,762 $ 1,230 $ 362 l
2022 - 2026 $ 22,157 $ 5,909 $ 1,775
Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies
Litigation-Related Liability and Tax Administrative Matters In the normal course of business, we are named from time to time as a defendant in various
legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, that arise in connection with our business as a global company. We identify below the
material individual proceedings and investigations in connection with which we believe a material loss is reasonably possible or probable. We accrue for
matters when we believe that losses are probable and can be reasonably estimated. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, accruals were $1.3 billion and $1.2
billion and were recorded in Accrued liabilities and Other liabilities. In many proceedings, it is inherently difﬁcult to determine whether any loss is probable
or even reasonably possible or to estimate the size or range of the possible loss. Accordingly an adverse outcome from such proceedings could exceed the
amounts accrued by an amount that could be material to our results of operations or cash ﬂows in any particular reporting period.
Proceedings Related to Ignition Switch Recall and Other Recalls In 2014 we announced various recalls relating to safety, customer satisfaction and other
matters. Those recalls included recalls to repair ignition switches that could under certain circumstances unintentionally move from the “run” position to the
“accessory” or “off” position with a corresponding loss of power, which could in turn prevent airbags from deploying in the event of a crash.
Through January 27, 2017 we were aware of 100 putative class actions pending against GM in various federal and state trial courts in the US. and 21
putative class actions pending in various Provincial Courts in Canada alleging that consumers who purchased or leased vehicles manufactured by GM or
General Motors Corporation had been economically harmed by one or more of the recalls announced in 2014 and/or the underlying vehicle conditions
associated with those recalls (economic-loss cases). In general, these economic-loss cases seek recovery for purported compensatory damages, such as alleged
beneﬁt-of—the-bargain damages or damages related to alleged diminution in value of the vehicles, as well as punitive damages, injunctive relief and other
relief. There are also two civil actions brought by state governmental entities relating to the 2014 recalls that seek injunctive relief as well as civil penalties
and attorneys' fees for alleged violations of state laws.
Through January 27, 2017 we were aware of 284 actions pending in various federal and state trial courts in the US. and 14 actions pending in various
Provincial Courts in Canada alleging injury or death as a result of defects that may be the subject of recalls announced in 2014 (personal injury cases). In
general, these personal injury cases seek recovery for purported compensatory damages, punitive damages and other relief.
During 2016, the US. District Court for the Southern District of New York (the district court) and a Texas court administering a Texas state multidistrict
litigation scheduled a combined eight ignition-switch personal injury cases for bellwether trials. None of those resulted in a ﬁnding of liability against GM;
juries in two cases returned verdicts in favor of GM, a court dismissed one case on summary judgment, plaintiffs dismissed two cases with prejudice before
trial, and the parties settled the remaining three
73