Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
regulations that can increase costs related to the production of our vehicles and affect our product portfolio. Meeting or exceeding many of these regulations
is costly and often technologically challenging, especially where standards may not be harmonized across jurisdictions, a signiﬁcant challenge with respect
to mandated emissions and fuel economy standards. We anticipate that the number and extent of these regulations, and the related costs and changes to our
product portfolio, may increase signiﬁcantly in the ﬁiture. These government regulatory requirements could signiﬁcantly affect our plans for global product
development and given the uncertainty surrounding enforcement and regulatory deﬁnitions, may result in substantial costs, including civil or criminal
penalties. In addition, an evolving but un-harmonized regulatory framework may limit or dictate the types of vehicles we sell and where we sell them, which
can affect revenue. Refer to the "Environmental and Regulatory Matters" section of Item 1. Business for further information on these regulatory requirements.
We also expect that manufacturers will continue to be subject to increased scrutiny from regulators globally. For example, in Germany, the Ministry of
Transportation and the Krafcfahrt-Bundesamt have requested the participation of a number of automotive manufacturers, including our German subsidiary, in
continuing discussions on emissions control issues and have also requested, from time to time, written responses from our subsidiary on the subject. Our
German subsidiary has participated in these discussions and has provided the requested responses to inquiries concerning nitrogen oxide emission control
systems of its diesel engines. In addition, the German and the EU Parliaments have instigated Inquiry Commissions into government agencies' oversight of
emissions enforcement, requesting our German subsidiary's participation. At the same time, the German government has initiated ﬁirther industry-wide
inquiries about C02 emissions. This scrutiny, regulatory changes or novel interpretations of current regulations, as well as increased enforcement has led to
and may result in further increased testing and re-testing of our vehicles and analysis of their emissions control systems, which could lead to increased costs,
penalties, negative publicity or reputational impact, and recall activity if regulators determine that emission levels and required regulatory compliance
should be based on either a wider spectrum of driving conditions for ﬁlture testing parameters or stricter or novel interpretations and consequent enforcement
of existing requirements. No assurance can be given that the ultimate outcome of any potential investigations or increased testing resulting from this scrutiny
would not materially and adversely affect us.
We expect that to comply with fuel economy and emission control requirements we will be required to sell a signiﬁcant volume of hybrid electric vehicles,
as well as develop and implement new technologies for conventional internal combustion engines, all at increased cost levels. There is no assurance that we
will be able to produce and sell vehicles that use such technologies on a proﬁtable basis or that our customers will purchase such vehicles in the quantities
necessary for us to comply with these regulatory programs. Alternative compliance measures may not be sufﬁciently available in the marketplace to meet
volume driven compliance requirements.
In the current uncertain regulatory framework, environmental liabilities for which we may be responsible and that are not reasonably estimable could be
substantial. Alleged violations of safety or emissions standards could result in legal proceedings, the recall of one or more of our products, negotiated
remedial actions, ﬁnes, restricted product offerings or a combination of any of those items. Any of these actions could have substantial adverse effects on our
operations including facility idling, reduced employment, increased costs and loss of revenue.
We could be materially adversely affected by a negative outcome in unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations or other legal
proceedings. We are subject to legal proceedings involving various issues, including product liability lawsuits, stockholder litigation and governmental
investigations, such as the legal proceedings related to the Ignition Switch Recall. Such legal proceedings could in the ﬁlture result in the imposition of
damages, including punitive damages, substantial ﬁnes, civil lawsuits and criminal penalties, interruptions of business, modiﬁcation of business practices,
equitable remedies and other sanctions against us or our personnel as well as signiﬁcant legal and other costs. For a ﬁirther discussion of these matters refer to
Note 15 to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
If in the discretion of the US. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York (the Oﬂice), we do not comply with the terms of the Deferred
Prosecution Agreement (the DPA), the Office may prosecute us for charges alleged by the Office including those relating to faulty ignition switches. On
September 17, 2015 we announced that we entered into the DPA with the Ofﬁce regarding its investigation of the events leading up to certain recalls
announced in February and March of 2014 relating to faulty ignition switches. Under the DPA, we consented to, among other things, the ﬁling of a two-count
information (the Information) in the US. District Court for the Southern District of New York charging GM with a scheme to conceal material facts from a
government regulator and wire fraud. We pled not guilty to the charges alleged in the Information. The DPA ﬁirther provides that, in the event the Ofﬁce
determines during the period of deferral of prosecution (or any extensions thereof) that we have violated any provision of the DPA, including violating any
US. federal law or our obligation to cooperate with and assist the independent monitor, the Office may, in its discretion, either prosecute us on the charges
alleged in the Information or impose an extension of the period of deferral of prosecution of up to one additional year. Under such circumstance, the Ofﬁce
would be permitted to rely
13