Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
PART I
Item 1. Business
General Motors Company (sometimes referred to as we, our, us, ourselves, the Company, General Motors, or GM) was incorporated as a Delaware
corporation in 2009. We design, build and sell cars, trucks, crossovers and automobile parts worldwide. We also provide automotive ﬁnancing services
through General Motors Financial Company, Inc. (GM Financial). Except for per share amounts or as otherwise speciﬁed, amounts presented within tables are
stated in millions.
Automotive Our automotive operations meet the demands of our customers through our automotive segments: GM North America (GMNA), GM Europe
(GME), GM International Operations (GMIO) and GM South America (GMSA).
GM primarily meets the demands of customers in North America with vehicles developed, manufactured and/or marketed under the Buick, Cadillac,
Chevrolet and GMC brands. GM primarily meets the demands of customers outside North America with vehicles developed, manufactured and/or marketed
under the Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet, GMC, Holden, Opel and Vauxhall brands. We also have equity ownership stakes in regional joint ventures (IVS), which
meet the demands of customers in Asia with vehicles developed, manufactured and/or marketed under the Baojun, Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet, Jiefang and
Wuling brands.
In addition to the vehicles we sell through our dealer network to retail customers, we also sell vehicles directly or through our dealer network to ﬂeet
customers, including daily rental car companies, commercial ﬂeet customers, leasing companies and governments. Our customers can obtain a wide range of
aftersale vehicle services and products through our dealer network, such as maintenance, light repairs, collision repairs, vehicle accessories and extended
service warranties.
Competitive Position and Vehicle Sales The principal factors that determine consumer vehicle preferences in the markets in which we operate include
overall vehicle design, price, quality, available options, safety, reliability, fuel economy and functionality. Market leadership in individual countries in
which we compete varies widely. We present both wholesale and retail vehicle sales data to assist in the analysis of our revenue and our market share.
Wholesale vehicle sales data, which represents sales directly to dealers and others, including sales to ﬂeet customers, is the measure that correlates to our
revenue from the sale of vehicles, which is the largest component of Automotive net sales and revenue. Wholesale vehicle sales exclude vehicles sold by
joint ventures. In the year ended December 31, 2016, 46.3% of our wholesale vehicle sales volume was generated outside the US. The following table
summarizes total wholesale vehicle sales of new vehicles by automotive segment (vehicles in thousands):
Years ended December 31,
2016 _ 2015 _ 2014
{GMNA 3,958 63.4% 3,558 60.5% 3,320 55.0%
GME 1,162 18.6% 1,127 19.2% 1,172 19.4%
{GMIo 559 8.9% 588 10.0% 655 10.9%
GMSA 568 _ 9.1% _ 603 _ 10.3% _ 886 _ 14.7%
lWorldwide 6,247 100.0% 5,876 100.0% 6,033 100.0%
Retail vehicle sales data, which represents sales to end customers based upon the good faith estimates of management, including sales to ﬂeet customers,
does not correlate directly to the revenue we recognize during the period. However retail vehicle sales data is indicative of the underlying demand for our
vehicles. Market share information is based primarily on retail vehicle sales volume. In countries where retail vehicle sales data is not readily available other
data sources, such as wholesale or forecast volumes, are used to estimate retail vehicle sales to end customers.
Retail vehicle sales data includes all sales by joint ventures on a total vehicle basis, not based on the percentage of ownership in the joint venture. Certain
joint venture agreements in China allow for the contractual right to report vehicle sales of non-GM trademarked vehicles by those joint ventures. Retail
vehicle sales data includes vehicles used by dealers under courtesy transportation programs and vehicles sold through the dealer registration channel
primarily in Europe. This sales channel consists primarily of dealer demonstrator, loaner and self-registered vehicles which are not eligible to be sold as new
vehicles after being registered by dealers. Certain ﬂeet sales that are accounted for as operating leases are included in retail vehicle sales at the time of
delivery to daily rental car companies. The following table summarizes total industry retail sales, or estimated sales where retail sales volume is not available,
of vehicles and our related competitive position by geographic region (vehicles in thousands):
1