Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
upon the admissions we made in the DPA and would beneﬁt from our waiver of certain procedural and evidentiary defenses. Such a criminal prosecution
could subject us to penalties.
The costs and effect on our reputation of product safety recalls could materially adversely aﬁ’ect our business. Government safety standards require
manufacturers to remedy certain product safety defects through recall campaigns. Under these standards, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties or
may incur various costs, including signiﬁcant costs for free repairs. At present, the costs we incur in connection with these recalls typically include the cost of
the part being replaced and labor to remove and replace the defective part. We currently source a variety of systems, components, raw materials and parts,
including but not limited to air bag inﬂators, from third parties. From time to time these items may have performance or quality issues that could harm our
reputation and cause us to incur signiﬁcant costs. For example, we are currently conducting recalls for certain Takata Corporation (Takata) air bag inﬂators
used in some of our prior model year vehicles. We are continuing to assess the situation. Further recalls, if any, that may be required to remediate Takata air
bag inﬂators in our vehicles could have a material impact on our business. In addition, product recalls can harm our reputation and cause us to lose
customers, particularly if those recalls cause consumers to question the safety or reliability of our products. Conversely not issuing a recall or not issuing a
recall on a timely basis can harm our reputation, potentially expose us to signiﬁcant monetary penalties, and cause us to lose customers for the same reasons
as expressed above.
Any disruption in our suppliers' operations could disrupt our production schedule. Our automotive operations are dependent upon the continued ability
of our suppliers to deliver the systems, components, raw materials and parts that we need to manufacture our products. Our use of “just-in—time”
manufacturing processes allows us to maintain minimal inventory quantities of systems, components, raw materials and parts. As a result our ability to
maintain production is dependent upon our suppliers delivering sufﬁcient quantities of systems, components, raw materials and parts on time to meet our
production schedules. In some instances we purchase systems, components, raw materials and parts from a single source and may be at an increased risk for
supply disruptions. Financial difficulties or solvency problems with our suppliers, including Takata, which may be exacerbated by the cost of remediating
quality issues with these items, could lead to uncertainty in our supply chain or cause supply disruptions for us which could, in turn, disrupt our operations,
including production of certain of our higher margin vehicles. Where we experience supply disruptions, we may not be able to develop alternate sourcing
quickly. Any disruption of our production schedule caused by an unexpected shortage of systems, components, raw materials or parts even for a relatively
short period of time could cause us to alter production schedules or suspend production entirely.
We are dependent on our manufacturing facilities around the world. We assemble vehicles at various facilities around the world. These facilities are
typically designed to produce particular models for particular geographic markets. No single facility is designed to manufacture our full range of vehicles. In
some cases certain facilities produce products that disproportionately contribute a greater degree to our proﬁtability than others. Should these or other
facilities become unavailable either temporarily or permanently for any number of reasons, including labor disruptions, the inability to manufacture vehicles
there may result in harm to our reputation, increased costs, lower revenues and the loss of customers. We may not be able to easily shift production of vehicles
at an inoperable facility to other facilities or to make up for lost production. Any new facility needed to replace an inoperable manufacturing facility would
need to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements, need to satisfy our specialized manufacturing requirements and require specialized
equipment. Even though we carry business interruption insurance policies, we may suffer losses as a result of business interruptions that exceed the coverage
available or any losses which may be excluded under our insurance policies.
We operate in a highly competitive industry that has excess manufacturing capacity and attempts by our competitors to sell more vehicles could have a
significant negative effect on our vehicle pricing, market share and operating results. The global automotive industry is highly competitive and overall
manufacturing capacity in the industry exceeds demand. Many manufacturers have relatively high ﬁxed labor costs as well as signiﬁcant limitations on their
ability to close facilities and reduce ﬁxed costs. Our competitors may respond to these relatively high ﬁxed costs by providing subsidized ﬁnancing or
leasing programs, offering marketing incentives or reducing vehicle prices. Our competitors may also seek to beneﬁt from economies of scale by
consolidating or entering into other strategic agreements such as alliances intended to enhance their competitiveness.
Domestic manufacturers in lower cost countries, such as China and India, have become competitors in key emerging markets and announced their intention
to export their products to established markets as a low cost alternative to established entry-level automobiles. In addition, foreign governments may decide
to implement tax and other policies that favor their domestic manufacturers at the expense of international manufacturers, including GM and its joint venture
partners. These actions have had, and are expected to continue to have, a signiﬁcant negative effect on our vehicle pricing, market share and operating
results, and present a signiﬁcant risk to our ability to enhance our revenue per vehicle.
14