Table of Contents
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-GAAP Measures Our non-GAAP measures include earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT)—adjusted presented net of noncontrolling interests, EPS-
diluted—adjusted, return on invested capital—adjusted (ROIC-adjusted) and adjusted automotive free cash ﬂow. Our calculation of these non-GAAP measures
may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences between companies in the method of calculation. As a
result, the use of these non-GAAP measures has limitations and should not be considered superior to, in isolation from, or as a substitute for, related US.
GAAP measures.
These non-GAAP measures allow management and investors to view operating trends, perform analytical comparisons and benchmark performance
between periods and among geographic regions to understand operating performance without regard to items we do not consider a component of our core
operating performance. Furthermore, these non—GAAP measures allow investors the opportunity to measure and monitor our performance against our
externally communicated targets and evaluate the investment decisions being made by management to improve ROIC-adjusted. Management uses these
measures in its ﬁnancial, investment and operational decision-making processes, for internal reporting and as part of its forecasting and budgeting processes.
Further, our Board of Directors uses these and other measures as key metrics to determine management performance under our performance-based
compensation plans. For these reasons we believe these non-GAAP measures are useful for our investors.
EBIT-adjusted is used by management and can be used by investors to review our consolidated operating results because it excludes automotive interest
income, automotive interest expense and income taxes as well as certain additional adjustments that are not considered part of our core operations. Examples
of adjustments to EBIT include but are not limited to impairment charges related to goodwill; impairment charges on long-lived assets and other exit costs
resulting from strategic shifts in our operations or discrete market and business conditions; costs arising from the ignition switch recall and related legal
matters; and certain currency devaluations associated with hyperinﬂationary economies. For EBIT-adjusted and our other non—GAAP measures, once we have
made an adjustment in the current period for an item, we will also adjust the related non-GAAP measure in any future periods in which there is an impact from
the item.
EPS-diluted-adjusted is used by management and can be used by investors to review our consolidated diluted earnings per share results on a consistent
basis. EPS-diluted—adjusted is calculated as net income attributable to common stockholders-diluted less certain adjustments noted above for EBIT-adjusted
and gains or losses on the extinguishment of debt obligations on an after-tax basis as well as redemptions of preferred stock and certain income tax
adjustments divided by weighted-average common shares outstanding-diluted. Examples of income tax adjustments include the establishment or reversal of
signiﬁcant deferred tax asset valuation allowances.
ROIC-adjusted is used by management and can be used by investors to review our investment and capital allocation decisions. We deﬁne ROIC-adjusted
as EBIT-adjusted for the trailing four quarters divided by average net assets, which is considered to be the average equity balances adjusted for average
automotive debt and interest liabilities, exclusive of capital leases; average automotive net pension and other postretirement beneﬁts (OPEB) liabilities; and
average automotive net income tax assets during the same period.
Adjusted automotive free cash ﬂow is used by management and can be used by investors to review the liquidity of our automotive operations and to
measure and monitor our performance against our capital allocation program and evaluate our automotive liquidity against the substantial cash requirements
of our automotive operations. We measure adjusted automotive free cash ﬂow as automotive cash ﬂow from operations less capital expenditures adjusted for
management actions, primarily related to strengthening our balance sheet, such as prepayments of debt and discretionary contributions to employee beneﬁt
plans. Refer to the “Liquidity and Capital Resources” section of this MD&A for our reconciliation of Net Automotive cash provided by (used in) operating
activities under US. GAAP to this non-GAAP measure.
The following table reconciles Net income attributable to stockholders under US. GAAP to EBIT-adjusted used in the calculation of ROIC-adjusted:
19