Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
We had billings for Mediasite product and support services as a percentage of total billings to one distributor of approximately
14% in 2016 and 10% in 2015 and to a second distributor of approximately 13% in 2016 and 12% in 2015 . At September 30,
2016 and 2015, these two distributors represented 28% and 22% of total accounts receivable, respectively.
Currently all of our product inventory purchases are from one third-party contract manufacturer. Although we believe there are
multiple sources of supply from other contract manufacturers as well as multiple suppliers of component parts required by the
contract manufacturers, a disruption of supply of component parts or completed products, even if short term, would have a
material negative impact on our revenues. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, this supplier represented 40% and 49%, respectively,
of total accounts payable. We also license technology from third parties that is embedded in our software. We believe there are
alternative sources of similar licensed technology from other third parties that we could also embed in our software, although it
could create potential programming related issues that might require engineering resources.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash
equivalents. As of September 30, 2016, of the $1.8 million aggregate cash and cash equivalents held by the Company, the amount
of cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries was $1.6 million. If the funds held by our foreign subsidiaries were
needed for our operations in the United States, the repatriation of some of these funds to the United States could require payment
of additional U.S. taxes.
Trade Accounts Receivable
The majority of the Company’s accounts receivable are due from entities in, or distributors or value added resellers to, the
education, corporate and government sectors. Credit is extended based on evaluation of a customer’s financial condition and,
generally, collateral is not required. Accounts receivable are typically due within 30 days and are stated at amounts due from
customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are
considered to be past due. The Company determines its allowance by considering a number of factors, including the length of
time trade accounts receivable are past due, the Company’s previous loss history, the customer’s current ability to pay its
obligation to the Company, and the condition of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off
accounts receivable when they become uncollectible, and payments subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the
allowance for doubtful accounts. Interest is not accrued on past due receivables.
Inventmy Valuation
Inventory consists of raw materials and supplies used in the assembly of Mediasite recorders and finished units. Inventory of
completed units and spare parts are carried at the lower of cost or market, with cost determined on a ﬁrst-in, first-out basis.
Inventory consists of the following (in thousands):
: September 30, :
: 2016 : : 2015 :
Raw materials and supplies $ 149 $ 254
Finished goods : 1,755 : : 2,131 :
:$ 1,904 : 2,385 :
Capitalized Software Development Costs
Software development costs incurred in conjunction with product development are charged to research and development expense
until technological feasibility is established. Thereafter, until the product is released for sale, software development costs are
capitalized and reported at the net realizable value of the related product. Typically the period between achieving technological
feasibility of the Company’s products and the general availability of the products has been short. Consequently, software
53