Any further gain will be treated for tax purposes as long-term capital gain, provided that the employee holds the shares
for the applicable long-term capital gain holding period after the last day of the offering period applicable to such shares.
No deduction will be allowed to Sonic for federal income tax purposes in connection with the grant or exercise of the
option to purchase shares under the Purchase Plan, provided there is no disposition of shares by a participant within either
the two-year or the one-year periods referred to above. If an employee disposes of the shares within either the two-year
or the one-year periods referred to above, he or she will realize ordinary income in the year of disposition in an amount
equal to the difference between the purchase price and the fair market value of the shares at the time of exercise of the
option, and Sonic will be entitled to a deduction in the same amount. Any difference between the amount received upon
such a disposition and the fair market value of the shares at the time of exercise of the option will be capital gain or loss,
as the case may be.
Plan Beneﬁts
Participation in the Purchase Plan is voluntary and each eligible employee will make his or her own election whether and
to what extent to participate in the plan. It is therefore not possible to determine the benefits or amounts that will be
received in the future by individual employees or groups of employees under the Purchase Plan.
Provision to Purchase Additional Shares of Common Stock by Employees and Directors
Apart from the Plan provisions set forth above, the Committee has the power and authority to allow any Employee or
director to receive Shares in lieu of cash compensation or cash fees. In such event, in order to account for the non-
transferability of any Shares acquired thereunder, the Committee may discount the value of such Shares by up to 15%
of the then Fair Market Value of unvested Shares of Common Stock. This portion of the Plan will allow Employees
and directors the opportunity to acquire Shares in accordance with such special terms and conditions as the Committee
may establish from time to time, which terms and conditions may modify the terms and conditions of the Plan set
forth elsewhere in the Plan. Without limiting the authority of the Committee, the special terms and conditions which
may be established with respect to such Employees and directors who elect to participate in this portion of the Plan,
and which need not be the same for all such Employees and directors, include but are not limited to the right to
participate, procedures for elections to participate, the purchase price of any Shares to be acquired, and the maximum
amount of Shares which may be purchased by any participating Employee or director. Any purchases made pursuant
to the provisions of this portion of the Plan shall not be subject to the requirements of Section 423 of the Code and the
federal income tax consequences set forth above shall not apply thereto.
Vote Required
The amendment of the Purchase Plan requires the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares present and entitled
to vote at the meeting.
The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR Proposal 4 to amend the Employee Stock Purchase
Plan.
PROPOSAL FIVE: PROPOSAL TO AMEND THE
2009 STOCK IN CENTIVE PLAN
We are asking our stockholders to approve an amendment to the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan to increase the number of
shares of common stock subject to the plan by 900,000 at the Annual Meeting (in this proposal, the “Amended 2009
Plan”). On January 25, 2017, the Board approved the Amended 2009 Plan, subject to stockholder approval.
The purpose of the Amended 2009 Plan is to promote the interests of the Company and its stockholders by
strengthening the Company’s ability to attract and retain experienced and knowledgeable employees and to furnish
additional incentives to those employees upon whose judgment, initiative and efforts the Company largely depends.
The 2009 Plan provides for the grant of up to 1,800,000 stock options. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
24