Eligibility and Limitations on Grants. Awards under the Amended 2009 Plan may be made to employees, officers,
directors and consultants of the Company or any present or future parent or subsidiary of the Company or other
business venture in which the Company has a substantial interest (“Related Entities”). Awards made to non-employee
directors under the Amended 2009 Plan may only be granted and administered by a committee meeting the
independence requirements of the exchange on which the Company’s common stock is listed.
Terms of Options. The Amended 2009 Plan permits grants of stock options intended to qualify as incentive stock
options (“ISOs”) under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”) and stock options that do not qualify
as ISOs (“non-qualified” options). Options granted under the Amended 2009 Plan will be non-qualified options if they
fail to qualify as 1803 or exceed the annual limit on 1803. Only employees of the Company may receive ISOs. Non-
qualified options may be granted to any persons eligible to receive ISOs and to directors and consultants of the
Company. The exercise price of a stock option may not be less than 100% of the fair market value of the stock subject
to the option on the date of grant (for an incentive stock option, 110% if the optionee is a 10% holder of our common
stock). The term of option will not be longer than ten years (or, in the case of a 10% owner of our common stock, five
years if the option is an ISO) and may be subject to restrictions on transfer.
Options may be exercised in whole or in part with written or electronic notice to the Company’s delegate for receipt
of such notice, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price for the number of shares being purchased. Subject
to the discretion of the Committee, the exercise price may be paid in cash, by check, pursuant to a broker-assisted
cashless exercise, by delivery of other shares of common stock, by a “net exercise arrangement”, or any other form of
legal consideration deemed acceptable by the Committee.
Options generally terminate ninety days after termination of an optionee’s service or as set forth in the option
agreement. The optionee may have longer to exercise when termination is due to disability or death. No option may
be exercised beyond the expiration of its term. The ability to exercise options may be accelerated by the Committee,
subject to compliance with the provisions of the Amended 2009 Plan.
Terms of Restricted Stock. The Amended 2009 Plan permits grants of restricted stock entitling recipients to acquire
shares of the Company’s common stock, subject to the right of the Company to require forfeiture of such shares in the
event that conditions specified by the Committee in the applicable award agreement are not satisfied. Subject to the
provisions of the Amended 2009 Plan, the Committee will determine the terms and conditions of any restricted stock
award, including the grant date and vesting schedule for the award.
Terms of Restricted Stock Units. The Amended 2009 Plan permits awards of restricted stock units entitling recipients
to acquire shares of the Company’s common stock (or the cash equivalent) in the future. Subject to the provisions of
the Amended 2009 Plan, the Committee will determine the terms and conditions of any restricted stock unit award,
including the grant date and vesting schedule for the award.
Other Stock-Based Awards. The Amended 2009 Plan permits awards of shares of the Company’s common stock, and
other awards that are valued by reference to, or are otherwise based on, shares of the Company’s common stock or
property, including awards entitling recipients to receive shares of the Company’s common stock in the future. Such
awards may also be available as a form of payment in the settlement of other awards granted under the Amended 2009
Plan or as payment in lieu of compensation to which a participant is otherwise entitled. Subject to the discretion of the
Committee, the awards may be paid in shares of common stock or cash. Subject to the provisions of the Amended
2009 Plan, the Committee will determine the terms and conditions of such other stock-based awards, including any
purchase price that may be applicable to the award.
Performance Awards. Under the Amended 2009 Plan, certain restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards and
other stock-based awards may be subject to the achievement of performance goals. For performance awards that are
intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, the vesting and/or delivery
of shares for such awards will occur upon achievement of one or more of the following objective performance
measures, as determined by the Committee in its discretion: earnings per share, return on average equity or average
assets in relation to a peer group of companies designated by the Committee, earnings, earnings growth, earnings
before interest, taxes and amortization (EBITA), operating income, gross or product margins, revenues, expenses,
stock price, market share, reductions in non-performing assets, return on sales, assets, equity or investment, regulatory
27