A participant has none of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of Sonic (including the right to receive dividends) until
the shares purchased under the Purchase Plan are fully paid for and issued.
Withdrawal
An employee may withdraw from the plan if such request is made at least 30 days prior to the end of a contribution
period. Such withdrawal request and the refund of all cash contributions, without interest, will be made as soon as
administratively feasible and all options will be cancelled. Once terminated, an employee will be eligible for reenrollment
in the plan beginning with the contribution period beginning immediately following the next contribution period.
Termination Of Participation
An employee's participation in the Purchase Plan will be terminated when he or she: (1) voluntarily elects to withdraw
his or her entire account; (2) resigns or is discharged from Sonic and all Designated Subsidiaries of Sonic; or (3) dies.
Administration
The Purchase Plan will continue to be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board or such other
committee established by the Board of Directors of Sonic (“the Committee”).
Modiﬁcation and Termination
The Committee may terminate the Purchase Plan at any time or make any amendment or modification it deems advisable.
Adjustments
Appropriate and proportionate adjustments will be made in the number and class of shares available under the Purchase
Plan, and to the rights granted under the Purchase Plan and the prices applicable to such rights, to reﬂect changes in the
outstanding stock that occur because of stock dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations, reorganizations, liquidations, or
other similar events.
T ransferability
A participant's rights under the Purchase Plan are exercisable only by such participant and may not be transferred in any
manner.
Federal Income Tax Consequences
Sonic has been advised that under current law the federal income tax consequences to participants and Sonic of options
granted under the Purchase Plan would generally be as set forth in the following summary. This summary is not a
complete analysis of all potential tax consequences relevant to participants and Sonic and does not describe tax
consequences based on particular circumstances. For these reasons, participants should consult with a tax advisor as to
any speciﬁc questions regarding the tax consequences of participation in the Purchase Plan.
It is intended that the option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted under the Purchase Plan will constitute an
option issued pursuant to an "employee stock purchase plan" within the meaning of Section 423 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended. If shares are purchased under the Purchase Plan, and no disposition of these shares is made
within two years of the date of grant of the option, or within one year after the purchase of the shares, then no income
will be realized by the employee at the time of the transfer of the shares to such employee. When an employee sells or
otherwise disposes of the shares, or in the event of his death (whenever occurring) while owning such shares, there will
be included in his or her gross income, as compensation, an amount equal to the lesser of: (i) the amount by which the
fair market value of the shares on the first trading day of the offering period exceeds the purchase price for the shares, or
(ii) the amount by which the fair market value at the time of disposition or death exceeds the purchase price per share.
23