performance that did not meet the goals would reduce the performance-based variable compensation payout to as low
as zero. In setting the performance levels, the Compensation Committee strived to establish challenging but achievable
goals. The factors considered by the Compensation Committee in assessing the challenge inherent in the goals
included:
- Management’s internal operating plan; and
° Customer satisfaction.
Payout Based on Performance Against Goals. For fiscal 2016 the Company’s performance, as evaluated by the
Compensation Committee, lead to the determination that no objectives were met with regard to financial performance
of the Company but that individual goals and customer satisfaction targets were met. Therefore 40% of the target
bonus amounts were earned under the STIP compensation plan. The STIP earned by Messrs. Weis, Minor and Lipps
were $95,123, $41,047 and $28,289, respectively. Total billings — based incentives paid to Mr. Lipps during fiscal
2016 was $49,848. In order to maximize liquidity, management recommended to the Compensation Committee that
any cash component of the bonus be deferred until the collection of a significant account receivable, expected in April
2017. Management also proposed that the three executive officers be offered a choice to receive, at their election, all
or a portion of their bonus in a form of equity rather than cash, further saving the Company cash. The mechanics of
the program, as proposed by management, is to (1) grant a stock option equal to the amount of bonus the individual
elects to defer, divided by the price of the stock at the time of grant with a vest date one year from the date of grant,
or immediate vesting upon termination of employment for any reason; (2) upon exercise, grant a deferred bonus equal
to the exercise price of the option, and (3) grant a tax gross-up at the time the individual exercises the option and
receives the deferred bonus. The committee approved the recommendations. Messrs. Weis and Minor elected to
receive 50% of their bonus in this form and received, in lieu of payment of their bonus, a stock option grant of 10,012
and 4,320 shares, respectively.
Stock Options
The Committee has a long-standing practice of providing long-term incentive compensation grants to the executive
officers. The Committee believes that such grants, in the form of stock options, help align our executive officers”
interests with those of Sonic’s stockholders. All stock options have been granted under our 1995 Stock Option Plan,
the 1999 Non-Qualified Plan or the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (“Employee Plans”). All but the 2009 Stock Incentive
Plan are now terminated.
The Committee reviews option grant recommendations by the Chief Executive Officer for each executive officer, but
retains full discretion to accept, reject or revise each recommendation. The Committee’s policy is to grant options on
the date it approves them or such other future date as the Committee may agree at the time of approval. The exercise
price is determined in accordance with the terms of the Employee Plan and cannot be less than the Fair Market Value,
as defined in the Plan, of Sonic’s common stock. The Committee typically grants options once a year, but may grant
options to newly hired executives at other times.
In making its determinations, the Committee considers the number of options or shares owned by the executive
officers.
On December 1, 2016 the Committee approved awards to Messrs. Weis, Minor and Lipps of option grants, effective
two days following the release of results, to purchase 75,053, 41,273 and 41,273 shares of common stock, respectively,
with the strike price equal to the closing price of Sonic’s stock on that date, which was $4.75. Each grant will vest
one third each on the first, second and third anniversaries of the grant.
Health and Welfare Beneﬁts
Our officers are covered under the same health and welfare plans, including our 401(k) plan, as salaried employees.
Employment Agreements
14