The Amended Directors Stock Option Plan will continue to be administered by the Board of Directors. The Amended
Directors Stock Option Plan will continue to provide for a grant of an option to each non-employee director 1) upon
his initial appointment to the Board, 2) to each non- employee director who is reelected or who is continuing in offices
as a member of the Board after the adjournment of each annual meeting and 3) in the Board’s discretion, other grants
to one or more Non-Employee Directors from time to time. Each option grant pursuant to l) or 2) above is effective
to purchase 2,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of grant.
Other option grants will be in amounts as determined by the Board.
Common Stock that may be issued under the Amended Directors Stock Option Plan pursuant to options shall not
exceed in the aggregate One Hundred Thousand (150,000) shares of Common Stock. Except with respect to the
number of shares of common stock subject to issuance, there are no material differences between the 2008 Plan and
the Amended Directors Stock Option Plan.
Summary of the Amended Directors Stock Option Plan
The following is a summary of the material provisions of the Amended Directors Stock Option Plan. This summary
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the specific provisions of the Amended Directors Stock Option Plan, the full
text of which is attached to this Proxy Statement as Exhibit 3.
All options granted under the Amended Directors Stock Option Plan are non- statutory — not intended to qualify
under Section 422 of the Code, as amended. The federal income tax consequences are similar to those described above
with respect to the grant of a non-qualified stock option.
Payment of the option exercise price may be in cash, by delivery of previously owned Common Stock, by any other
legally permissible means acceptable to the Board at the time of the grant of the option (including cashless exercise,
subject to applicable legal restrictions), or by a combination of such means.
If an optionee ceases to be a director before an option vests, the option will terminate, other than in the case of death,
disability or resignation required as a condition of a change in control, in which case all outstanding options granted
as of the date of termination shall vest and immediately become exercisable. Each option expires ten years from the
date of its grant or earlier in certain circumstances such as death or disability. Options are not transferable at any time
except in certain circumstances such as transfers to family members. Options that are forfeited or terminated will again
be available for grant. Shares may be authorized but unissued, currently held or reacquired shares. The Board of
Directors may amend, terminate or suspend the Plan at any time.
Plan Beneﬁts
Under the 2008 Plan, each of the three non-employee directors received options to purchase 2,000 shares of Common
Stock upon initial appointment to the Board and each non-employee director has received and pursuant to the
Amended Directors Stock Option Plan, will continue to receive options to purchase an additional 2,000 shares of
Common Stock after the adjournment of each annual stockholders meeting. However, no dollar value is assigned to
the options because their exercise price is the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant.
General
The amendment of the 2008 Plan requires the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at the
Annual Meeting.
The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR Proposal 6, amending the 2008 Plan.
3 1