Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
- Any patents acquired by or issued to us may not be broad enough to protect us.
- Any issued patent could be successfully challenged by one or more third parties, which could result in our loss of the right
to prevent others from exploiting the inventions claimed in those patents.
- Current and future competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our services or design around
any of our patents.
- Effective patent protection, including effective legal-enforcement mechanisms against those who violate our patent-
related assets, may not be available in every country in which we do or plan to do business.
° We may not have the resources to enforce our patents or may determine the potential benefits are not worth the cost and
risk of ultimately being unsuccessful.
We also rely upon trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, which may not be sufficient to protect our intellectual property.
We also rely on a combination of laws, such as copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, and contractual restrictions, such as
confidentiality agreements and licenses, to establish and protect our technology. We have registered three US. and four foreign
country trademarks. These forms of intellectual property protection are critically important to our ability to establish and maintain
our competitive position. However, it is possible that:
- Third parties may infringe or misapprOpriate our copyrights, trademarks and similar proprietary rights.
- Laws and contractual restrictions may not be sufficient to prevent misappropriation of our technology or to deter others
from developing similar technologies, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary
rights as fully or as readily as Unites States laws. Our recent growth in activities in China will likely increase this risk.
- There have been attacks on certain patent systems, increasing the likelihood of changes to established laws, including in
the United States. We cannot predict the long-term effects of any potential changes, which could be detrimental to our
licensing program.
- Effective trademark, copyright and trade secret protection, including effective legal-enforcement mechanisms against
those who violate our trademark, copyright or trade secret assets, may be cost prohibitive or unavailable or limited in
foreign countries.
- Contractual agreements may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary
information in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how or other
proprietary information.
° Other companies may claim common law trademark rights based upon state or foreign laws that precede the federal
registration of our marks.
- Policing unauthorized use of our services and trademarks is difﬁcult, expensive and time-consuming, and we may be
unable to determine the extent of any unauthorized use.
Reverse engineering, unauthorized copying or other misappropriation of our proprietary technology could enable third parties to
benefit from our technology without paying us for it, which would significantly harm our business.
If other parties bring infringement or other claims against us, we may incur significant costs or lose customers.
Other companies may obtain patents or other proprietary rights that would limit our ability to conduct our business and could
assert that our technologies infringe their proprietary rights. We have incurred substantial costs to defend against such claims in
the past and could incur legal costs in the future, even if without merit, and intellectual property litigation could force us to cease
using key technology, obtain a license or redesign our products. In the course of our business, we may sell certain systems to our
customers, and in connection with such sale, we may agree to indemnify these customers from claims made against them by third
parties for patent infringement related to these systems, which could harm our business.
27