The Company has employment agreements with Messrs. Minor and Lipps. Pursuant to such employment agreements,
Messrs. Minor and Lipps receive annual base salaries subject to increase each year at the discretion of the Board of
Directors. Messrs. Minor and Lipps are also entitled to incidental beneﬁts of employment under the agreements. Each of
the employment agreements provides that a cash severance payment be made upon termination, other than for cause, or
upon death or disability. In each case, such cash severance is equal to the highest cash compensation paid in any of the
last three ﬁscal years immediately prior to termination. In addition, Messrs. Minor and Lipps will receive immediate
vesting of all previously unvested common stock and stock options and have the right to voluntarily terminate their
employment, and receive the same severance arrangement detailed above following (i) any “person” becoming a “
beneficial” owner of stock of Sonic Foundry representing 50% or more of the total voting power of Sonic F oundry’s then
outstanding stock; or, (ii) Sonic Foundry is acquired by another entity through the purchase of substantially all of its
assets or securities; or (iii) Sonic Foundry is merged with another entity, consolidated with another entity or reorganized
in a manner in which any “person” is or becomes a “beneficial” owner of stock of the surviving entity representing 50%
or more of the total voting power of the surviving entity’s then outstanding stock; and, within two years and ninety days
of any such event, Messrs. Minor or Lipps, as the case may be, is demoted without cause or his title, authority, status or
responsibilities are substantially altered, their salary is reduced or the principal office is more than 50 miles outside the
Madison metropolitan area. Pursuant to the employment agreements, each of Messrs. Minor and Lipps has agreed not
to disclose our conﬁdential information and not to compete against us during the term of his employment agreement and
for a period of one year thereafter. Such non-compete clauses may not be enforceable, or may only be partially
enforceable, in state courts of relevant jurisdictions.
The Company also has an employment agreement with Mr. Weis for his services as Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Technology Officer. Pursuant to the terms of the amended and restated employment agreement, Mr. Weis will receive
an annual base salary subject to increase at the discretion of the Board. Mr. Weis may also receive a performance
bonus at the discretion of the Board.
The employment agreement continues in effect until terminated as set forth therein. In the event Mr. Weis’s
employment is terminated without cause, as defined in the employment agreement, or in the event his employment is
constructively terminated, Mr. Weis will be entitled to receive, in equal bi-weekly installments over a one-year period,
compensation equal to one and ﬁve hundredths (1.05) multiplied by the highest cash compensation paid to Mr. Weis
in any of the last three years immediately prior to his termination. In the event of a Change of Control, as deﬁned in
the amended and restated employment agreement, Mr. Weis is entitled to terminate the agreement within one year
following such Change of Control, in which event he shall be entitled to receive, in a lump sum payable within thirty
days of such termination, compensation equal to two and one-tenth (2.1) multiplied by the highest cash compensation
paid to Mr. Weis in any of the last three fiscal years immediately prior to his termination. In any of the above events,
(i) all of Mr. Weis’s unvested stock options and stock grants will vest immediately upon termination, and (ii) Mr. Weis
will receive health insurance continuation as required by COBRA, salary accrued to the date of termination, and any
accrued vacation pay. Mr. Weis has further agreed not to disclose the Company’s proprietary information, and, until
one year following the termination of his employment agreement, not to compete with the Company or solicit the
Company’s employees. Such non-compete clause may not be enforceable, or may be only partially enforceable, in
state courts of relevant jurisdiction.
For illustrative purposes, if Sonic terminated the employment of Mr. Weis (not for cause) on September 30, 2016, Sonic
would be obligated to pay $764,891, representing 1.05 times the cash compensation paid Mr. Weis during ﬁscal 2014
(ﬁscal year with highest cash compensation in three year period preceding September 30, 2016) and $1,529,782 if
Mr. Weis elected to terminate his employment on September 30, 2016, following a change of control as deﬁned in the
employment agreement. If Sonic terminated Messrs. Minor and Lipps on September 30, 2016, (not for cause), or if
Messrs. Minor and Lipps elected to terminate their employment following a demotion or alteration of duties on
September 30, 2016, and a change of control as defined in the employment agreements had occurred, Sonic would be
obligated to pay $410,145 and $378,339, respectively (based on fiscal 2014 compensation which was the ﬁscal year with
highest cash compensation in three year period preceding September 30, 2016). In addition, any non-vested rights of
Messrs. Weis, Minor and Lipps under the Employee Plans, would vest as of the date of employment termination. The
15