Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders, Audit Committee and Board of Directors
Sonic Foundry, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Madison, WI
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sonic Foundry, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of
September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders’ equity,
and cash ﬂows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the company’s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an
audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of its internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such
opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management as well as evaluating the overall consolidated ﬁnancial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the ﬁnancial position
of Sonic Foundry, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and cash ﬂows for
the years then ended, in conformity with US. generally accepted accounting principles.
/s/ Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP
Madison, Wisconsin
December 22, 2016
43