Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
with consideration for market conditions, such as the impact of competition and geographic considerations, and entity-specific
factors, such as the cost of the product and the Company’s profit objectives. Management believes that ESP is reﬂective of
reasonable pricing of that deliverable as if priced on a stand-alone basis. When a sales transaction includes deliverables that are
divided between Accounting Standards Codiﬁcation (ASC) Topic 605 and ASC Subtopic 985-605, the Company allocates the
selling price using the relative selling price method whereas value is allocated using an ESP for software developed using a
percent of list price approach. The other deliverables are valued using ESP or VSOE as previously discussed.
While the pricing model, currently in use, captures all critical variables, unforeseen changes due to external market forces may
result in a revision of the inputs. These modifications may result in the consideration allocation differing from the one presently
in use. Absent a signiﬁcant change in the pricing inputs or the way in which the industry structures its deals, future changes in
the pricing model are not expected to materially affect our allocation of arrangement consideration.
Management has established VSOE for hosting services. Billings for hosting are spread ratably over the term of the hosting
agreement, with the typical hosting agreement having a term of 12 months, with renewal on an annual basis. The Company sells
most hosting contracts without the inclusion of products. When the hosting arrangement is sold in conjunction with product, the
product revenue is recognized immediately while the remaining hosting revenue is spread ratably over the term of the hosting
agreement. The selling price is allocated between these elements using the relative selling price method. The Company uses ESP
for development of the selling price for hardware products with embedded software.
The Company also offers hosting services bundled with events services. The Company uses VSOE to establish relative selling
prices for its events services. The Company recognizes events revenue when the event takes place and recognizes the hosting
revenue over the term of the hosting agreement. The total amount of the arrangement is allocated to each element based on the
relative selling price method.
Reserves
The Company reserves for stock rotations, price adjustments, rebates, and sales incentives to reduce revenue and accounts
receivable for these and other credits granted to customers. Such reserves are recorded at the time of sale and are calculated based
on historical information (such as rates of product stock rotations) and the speciﬁc terms of sales programs, taking into account
any other known information about likely customer behavior. If actual customer behavior differs ﬁom our expectations, it may
compromise our ability to recognize revenue to these distributors at the time of shipment. Also, if the Company determines that
it can no longer accurately estimate amounts for stock rotations and sales incentives, the Company would not be able to recognize
revenue until resellers sell the inventory to the ﬁnal end user.
Credit Evaluation and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
We assess the realization of our receivables by performing ongoing credit evaluations of our customers’ financial condition.
Through these evaluations, we may become aware of a situation where a customer may not be able to meet its ﬁnancial obligations
due to deterioration of its financial viability, credit ratings or bankruptcy. Our reserve requirements are based on the best facts
available to us and are reevaluated and adjusted as additional information is received. Our reserves are also based on amounts
determined by using percentages applied to certain aged receivable categories. These percentages are determined by a variety of
factors including, but not limited to, current economic trends, historical payment and bad debt write-off experience.
Impairment oflong-lived assets
Goodwill has an indefinite useful life and is recorded at cost and not amortized but, instead, tested at least annually for impairment.
We assess the impairment of goodwill on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair
value of these assets is less than the carrying value. If a qualitative assessment is used and the Company determines that the fair
value of goodwill is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood of more than 50%) less than its carrying amount, a quantitative
impairment test will be performed. If goodwill is quantitatively assessed for impairment, a two-step approach is applied. First,
36