Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
the Company compares the estimated fair value of the goodwill to its carrying value. The second step, if necessary, measures the
amount of impairment, if any, by comparing the implied fair value of goodwill to its carrying value.
In ﬁscal 2016 and 2015, we performed the two-step goodwill test and determined that the fair value of goodwill was more than
the carrying value. For purposes of the ﬁscal 2016 and 2015 tests, goodwill balances are evaluated within three separate reporting
units. The Company has recognized no impairment charges as of September 30, 2016 or as of September 30, 2015.
If we had determined that the fair value of goodwill is less than its carrying value, based upon the annual test or the existence of
one or more indicators of impairment, we would then measure impairment based on a comparison of the implied fair value of
goodwill with the carrying amount of goodwill. To the extent the carrying amount of goodwill is greater than the implied fair
value of goodwill, we would record an impairment charge for the difference.
Long-lived assets and intangible assets other than goodwill are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable based on expected undiscounted cash ﬂows
attributable to that asset. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no events or changes in circumstances occurred that
required this analysis.
Valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and
liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. We do not provide for
US. income taxes on the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, which we consider to be permanently invested outside
of the US.
We make judgments regarding the realizability of our deferred tax assets. The balance sheet carrying value of our net deferred
tax assets is based on whether we believe that it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient future taxable income to
realize these deferred tax assets after consideration of all available evidence. We regularly review our deferred tax assets for
recoverability considering historical profitability, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing
temporary diﬁerences and tax planning strategies. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider both positive and
negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets. The weight given to the positive and negative
evidence is commensurate with the extent to which the evidence may be objectively verified. As such, it is generally difficult for
positive evidence regarding projected future taxable income exclusive of reversing taxable temporary differences to outweigh
objective negative evidence of recent ﬁnancial reporting losses. Generally, cumulative loss in recent years is a significant piece
of negative evidence that is difficult to overcome in determining that a valuation allowance is not needed.
As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, valuation allowances have been established for all US. and for certain foreign deferred tax
assets which we believe do not meet the “more likely than not” criteria for recognition. If we are subsequently able to utilize all
or a portion of the deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance has been established, then we may be required to recognize
these deferred tax assets through the reduction of the valuation allowance which could result in a material benefit to our results
of operations in the period in which the benefit is determined.
Accounting for stock-based compensation
The Company uses a lattice valuation model to account for all employee stock options granted. The lattice valuation model is a
more ﬂexible analysis to value options because of its ability to incorporate inputs that change over time, such as actual exercise
behavior of option holders. The Company uses historical data to estimate the option exercise and employee departure behavior
in the lattice valuation model. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of the Company’s stock. The Company considers
all employees to have similar exercise behavior and therefore has not identified separate homogenous groups for valuation. The
expected term of options granted is derived from the output of the option pricing model and represents the period of time that
37