Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
- Disruptions in our service due to computer hardware, software, network or data center problems;
- The economy as a whole, market conditions in our industry and the industries of our customers;
- The issuance of shares of common stock by us, whether in connection with an acquisition or a capital raising
transaction;
- Low trading volumes of our shares and inconsistent trading activity;
- Issuance of debt and other convertible securities; and
- Any other factors discussed herein.
In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in general experiences uneven investor confidence, the market
price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, operating results or financial condition. The market
price of our common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies within, or outside, our industry
even if these events do not directly affect us.
We are subject to risks associated with our channel partners’ product inventories and product sell-through.
We sell a significant amount of our products to strategic audio video (A/V) distributors such as Synnex Corporation, Starin
Marketing, Inc., and Stampede Presentation Products, Inc. as well as other international distributors and channel partners who
maintain their own inventory of our products for sale to dealers and end-users. If these channel partners are unable to sell an
adequate amount of their inventory of our products in a given quarter to dealers and end-users or if channel partners decide to
decrease their inventories for any reason, such as a long-term continuation or increase, in global economic uncertainty and
downturn in technology spending, the volume of our sales to these channel partners and our revenue would be negatively affected.
In addition, if channel partners decide to purchase more inventory, due to product availability or other reasons, than is required
to satisfy end-user demand or if end-user demand does not keep pace with the additional inventory purchases, channel inventory
could grow in any particular quarter, which could adversely affect product revenue in the subsequent quarter. In addition, we also
face the risk that some of our channel partners have inventory levels in excess of future anticipated sales. If such sales do not
occur in the time ﬂame anticipated by these channel partners for any reason, these channel partners may substantially decrease
the amount of product they order from us in subsequent periods, which would harm our business.
If stock balancing returns or price adjustments exceed our reserves, our operating results could be adversely affected
We provide three of our distributors with stock balancing return rights, which generally permit our distributors to return products,
subject to ordering an equal dollar amount of alternate products. We also provide price protection rights to these distributors.
Price protection rights require that we grant retroactive price adjustments for inventories of our products held by distributors if
we lower our prices for those products within a specified time period. To cover our exposure to these product returns and price
adjustments, we establish reserves based on our evaluation of historical product trends and current marketing plans. However, we
cannot be assured that our reserves will be sufficient to cover our future product returns and price adjustments. If we inadequately
forecast reserves, it may compromise our ability to recognize revenue to these distributors at the time of shipment. As a result,
we would not be able to recognize revenue until these three distributors sell the inventory to the final end user, which would have
a material adverse effect on revenues in the period covered by that change.
We depend in part on the success of our relationships with third-party resellers and integrators.
Our success depends on various third-party relationships, particularly in our non-higher education business, with certain
international geographies and our events services operations. The relationships include third party resellers as well as system
integrators that assist with implementations of our products and sourcing of our products and services. Identifying partners,
negotiating and documenting relationships with them and maintaining their relationships require significant time and resources
from us. In addition, our agreements with our resellers and integrators are typically non-exclusive and do not prohibit them from
working with our competitors or from offering competing products or services. We have limited control, if any, as to whether
these strategic partners devote adequate resources to promoting, selling and implementing our products as compared to our
competitor’s products. Our competitors may be eﬁective in providing incentives to third parties to favor their products or services.
1 9