Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
from that customer. In addition, negative publicity related to our customer relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further
damage our business by aﬁecting our ability to compete for new business with current and prospective customers.
Accounting regulations and related interpretations and policies, particularly those related to revenue recognition, cause us to
defer revenue recognition into future periods for all or portions of our products and services.
Revenue recognition for our products and services is complex and subject to multiple sources of authoritative guidance, some of
which are new, as well as varied interpretations and implementation practices for such rules. These rules require us to apply
judgment in determining revenue recognition In certain situations, we may have to defer the entire amount of revenue from a
transaction, even when the product has already shipped. This may occur when the customer has delayed payment on the
transaction, or in certain other circumstances, such as when we agree to extend payment terms on other invoices from such
customer. In addition, we always defer revenue when services are included in a transaction, and not performed. Other factors that
are considered in revenue recognition include those such as vendor speciﬁc objective evidence (VSOE), best estimate of selling
price and the inclusion of other services and contingencies to payment terms. We expect that we will continue to defer portions
or, in certain circumstances with respect to a particular customer, all of our product or service billings because of these factors,
and to the extent that management’s judgment is incorrect it could result in an increase in the amount of revenue deferred in any
one period. The amounts deferred may be significant and may vary ﬁom quarter to quarter depending on, among other factors,
compliance with payment terms, the mix of products sold, combination of products and services sold together or contractual
terms.
Additional changes in authoritative guidance, including the interpretation of "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606)", or changes in practice in applying such rules could also cause us to defer the recognition of revenue to future periods or
recognize lower revenue.
Because most of our service contracts are renewable on an annual basis, a reduction in our service renewal rate could
significantly reduce our revenues.
Our clients have no obligation to renew their content hosting agreements, customer support contracts or other annual service
contracts after the expiration of the initial period, which is typically one year, and some clients have elected not to do so. A decline
in renewal rates could cause our revenues to decline. We have limited historical data with respect to rates of renewals, so we
cannot accurately predict future renewal rates. Our renewal rates may decline or ﬂuctuate as a result of a number of factors,
including client dissatisfaction with our products and services, our slow response to customer technical inquiries, our failure to
update our products to maintain their attractiveness in the market, deteriorating economic conditions or budgetary constraints or
changes in budget priorities faced by our clients.
Because we generally recognize revenues ratably over the term of our service contracts, downturns or upturns in service
transactions will not be fully reﬂected in our operating results until future periods.
We recognize most of our revenues from service contracts monthly over the terms of their agreements, which are typically
12 months, although terms have ranged from less than one month to 48 months. As a result, much of the service revenue we
report in each quarter is attributable to agreements entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in sales, client
renewals or market acceptance of our products in any one quarter will not necessarily be fully reﬂected in the revenues in that
quarter and will negatively affect our revenues and profitability in future quarters. This ratable revenue recognition also makes it
difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenues through additional sales in any period, as revenues from new clients must be
recognized over the applicable agreement term.
21