Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
market acceptance of the product, enhancement or service. Our fiscal 2017 business plan includes an expectation for improved
revenue growth from our corporate segment associated with the impact of new products and enhancements to existing products
that better meet the needs of many corporations and their interest in comprehensive solutions. There can be no assurance that we
will be successful in achieving our expected growth in the corporate market. Our revenue could be reduced if we do not capitalize
on our current market leadership by timely development of innovative new products, product enhancements or service offerings
that will increase the likelihood that our products and services will be accepted in preference to the products and services of our
current and future competitors.
If our marketing and lead generation efforts are not successful, our business will be harmed
We believe that continued marketing efforts will be critical to achieve widespread acceptance of our products. Our marketing
campaigns may not be successful given the expense required. For example, failure to adequately generate and develop sales leads
could cause our future revenue growth to decrease. In addition, our inability to generate and cultivate sales leads into large
organizations, where there is the potential for significant use of our products, could have a material effect on our business. We
may not be able to identify and secure the number of strategic sales leads necessary to help generate marketplace acceptance of
our products. If our marketing or lead-generation efforts are not successful, our business and operating results will be harmed.
The length of our sales and deployment cycles are uncertain, which may cause our revenue and operating results to vary
significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year.
During our sales cycle, we spend considerable time and expense providing information to prospective customers about the use
and benefits of our products without generating corresponding revenue. Our expense levels are relatively ﬁxed in the short-term
and based in part on our expectations of future revenue. Therefore, any delay in our sales cycle could cause signiﬁcant variations
in our operating results, particularly because a relatively small number of customer orders represent a large portion of our revenue.
Our largest potential sources of revenue are educational institutions, large corporations and government entities that often require
long testing and approval processes before making a decision to purchase our products, particularly when evaluating our products
for inclusion in new buildings under construction, high dollar transactions or competitive bids. In general, the process of selling
our products to a potential customer may involve lengthy negotiations, collaborations with consultants, designers and architects,
time consuming installation processes and changes in network infrastructure in excess of what we or our VARs are able to provide.
In addition, educational institutions that started with small pilots are committing to more complex installations and expanding to
include undergraduate classrooms, which, due to the increased size of these types of transactions, typically require a longer sales
cycle. Also, our enterprise accounts are less motivated by seasonal sales and promotions, and therefore are frequently difficult to
finalize. As a result of these factors, our sales and deployment cycles are unpredictable. Our sales and deployment cycles are also
subject to delays as a result of customer-specific factors over which we have little or no control, including budgetary constraints,
existing infrastructure technical issues and internal approval procedures, particularly with customers or potential customers that
rely on government funding.
Our products are aimed toward a broadened user base within our key markets and these products are relatively early in their
product life cycles. We cannot predict how the market for our products will develop, and part of our strategic challenge will be
to convince targeted users of the productivity, improved communications and test scores, cost savings and other benefits.
Accordingly, it is likely that delays in our sales cycles with these products will occur and this could cause significant variations
in our operating results.
Sales of some of our products have experienced seasonal ﬂuctuations which have affected sequential growth rates for these
products, particularly in our first fiscal quarter. For example, there is generally a slowdown for sales of our products in the higher
education and corporate markets in the first fiscal quarter of each year. Seasonal ﬂuctuations could negatively affect our business,
which could cause our operating results to fall short of anticipated results for such quarters. As such, we believe that quarter-to-
17