Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS
The financial and business analysis below provides information that Sonic Foundry, Inc. (the “Company”) believes is relevant to
an assessment and understanding of the Company’s consolidated financial position and results of operations. This financial and
business analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes.
This report includes estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results
that are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may appear
throughout this report, including the following sections: “Management’s Discussion and Analysis,” and “Risk Factors.” These
forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,”
“intend,” “strategy,” “future,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely
result,” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject
to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We describe risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results and events to differ materially in “Risk Factors” (Part 1, Item 1A of this Form lO-K), “Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk” (Part II, Item 7A of this Form lO-K), and in this Item 7. We undertake no obligation to update or
revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise.
Overview
Sonic Foundry, Inc. is a technology leader in the emerging web communications marketplace, providing video content
management and distribution for education, business and government. Using the Mediasite webcasting platform and webcast
services of the Company’s events team, the Company empowers its customers to advance how they share knowledge online,
using video webcasts to bridge time and distance, enhance learning outcomes and improve performance.
Critical Accounting Policies
We have identified the following as critical accounting policies to our Company and have discussed the development, selection
of estimates and the disclosure regarding them with the audit committee of the board of directors:
- Revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts and reserves;
- Impairment of long-lived assets;
0 Valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets; and
- Accounting for stock-based compensation.
Revenue Recognition, Allowance for Doubtful Accounts and Reserves
General
Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery occurs or services are rendered, the sales
price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue is deferred when undelivered products or services
are essential to the functionality of delivered products, customer acceptance is uncertain, significant obligations remain, or the
fair value of undelivered elements is unknown. Typically, the Company does not offer customers the right to return product, other
than for exchange or repair pursuant to a warranty or stock rotation. The Company’s policy is to reduce revenue if it incurs an
obligation for price rebates or other such programs during the period the obligation is reasonably estimated to occur. The following
policies apply to the Company’s major categories of revenue transactions.
34