Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
Sonic Foundry Solutions
Sonic Foundry transforms the way organizations share and use information with these video solutions:
Mediasite Video Platform
Mediasite Video Platform is a scalable on-premises solution to publish, stream, manage, search and analyze all video. With
Mediasite Video Platform, enterprises and education institutions:
° Stream live and on-demand video to any device
- Create an enterprise or campus YouTube with Mediasite Showcase
- Automatically publish video to their learning management system (LMS), content management system (CMS),
training portal or any website
- Deepen engagement and improve learning with polls, ask-a-question, surveys and other interactive tools
° Search everything with fully indexed audio, Video and slide content
- Monitor who is watching what videos when to measure learner engagement and outcomes
° Centrally manage and secure any video
Mediasite Video Cloud
Mediasite Video Cloud is a secure, reliable SaaS (Software as a Service) solution offering the same capabilities as Mediasite
Video Platform to publish, stream, manage, search and analyze all video. Customers conveniently host and manage all of their
content with Mediasite Video Cloud, or use as needed for large events to divert heavy Viewing traffic from their on-premises
Mediasite Video Platform. Our co-located and high availability data center and experienced team successfully manage customers’
cloud-based Video streaming in secure, fault-tolerant environment.
Mediasite Capture Solutions
Valuable knowledge and expertise is shared every minute, but what’s the best way to capture that knowledge before it evaporates
into thin air? Mediasite provides ﬂexible options to record and upload any video-based content from anywhere.
- My Mediasite: My Mediasite makes it a snap for instructors, employees and students to create great looking Videos,
screencasts and slideshows from their computers or mobile devices. From demos and Video training to ﬂipped classes,
lectures and assignments, everything to record, upload, manage and publish personal videos is in one simple-to-use tool,
requiring no pro video skills.
- Mediasite RL Recorders: The RL Series of built-in room appliances uses schedule-based capture and advanced audio/Video
integration to fully automate Video and content recording in lecture halls, training rooms, simulation labs and auditoriums.
Instructors and speakers teach and present as they are most comfortable, free from technology worries and confident that
everything they say and show is captured.
- Mediasite Catch: Our latest video capture solution, Mediasite Catch, provides a scalable, economical solution to extend
Video capture to any classrooms on campus, even if they’re not equipped with extensive audio/Video capabilities. Combining
the reliability of Mediasite’s recorder-based scheduling automation with the affordability and simplicity of podium-based
software, Mediasite Catch provides faculty a worry-free classroom recording experience.
- Mediasite ML Recorders: Anyone can be a video producer with the ML Series of portable recording solutions to capture
and stream broadcast-quality video. Designed for on-the-go webcasting, hybrid events, guest speakers and conferences,
Mediasite ML’s lightweight design moves easily from location to location and can be set up and ready to record in only a
few minutes.
- Mediasite Join: Real-time Video is how today’s best teams, businesses and schools collaborate, exchange ideas and get
things done. But too often great ideas, subject matter expertise and important details are forgotten or left behind when a video
call ends. Mediasite Join automatically records video and web conferences, transforming them into valuable, searchable
Video on demand. As a cloud service, it’s the easiest way to capture and preserve any Video call or meeting.
Mediasite Events
Mediasite Events is a leading global provider of live and on—demand webcasting services for conferences, hybrid events and high-
proﬁle broadcasts, supplying turnkey streaming solutions for hundreds of events each year. Fortune 500 companies, universities,
5