Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
- Negative impact to our results of operations because of the depreciation and amortization of amounts related to acquired
intangible assets, fixed assets and deferred compensation, and the loss of acquired deferred revenue and unbilled deferred
revenue;
- Delays in customer purchases due to uncertainty related to any acquisition;
- The need to implement controls, procedures and policies at the acquired company;
- Challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences;
- In the case of foreign acquisitions, the challenges associated with integrating operations across diﬁerent cultures and
languages and currency, technological, employee and other regulatory risks and uncertainties in the economic, social and
political conditions associated with specific countries; and
- The tax effects of any such acquisitions.
Our failure to successfully manage the acquisitions of Mediasite K and Sonic Foundry International, or other future acquisitions,
strategic alliances or partnerships could seriously harm our operating results. In addition, our stockholders would be diluted if we
finance the future acquisitions, strategic alliances or partnerships by incurring convertible debt or issuing equity securities.
If potential customers or competitors use open source software to develop products that are competitive with our products and
services, we may face decreased demand and pressure to reduce the prices for our products.
The growing acceptance and prevalence of open source software may make it easier for competitors or potential competitors to
develop software applications that compete with our products, or for customers and potential customers to internally develop
software applications that they would otherwise have licensed from us. One of the aspects of open source software is that it can
be modified or used to develop new software that competes with prOprietary software applications, such as ours. Such competition
can develop without the degree of overhead and lead time required by traditional pr0prietary software companies. As open source
offerings become more prevalent, customers may defer or forego purchases of our products, which could reduce our sales and
lengthen the sales cycle for our products or result in the loss of current customers to open source solutions. If we are unable to
differentiate our products from competitive products based on open source software, demand for our products and services may
decline, and we may face pressure to reduce the prices of our products, which would hurt our profitability. If our use of open-
source is challenged and construes unfavorably, our operating results could be adversely impacted.
We use open source software in our application suite. Although we monitor our use of open source software closely, the terms of
many open source licenses have not been interpreted by United States courts, and there is risk that such licenses could be construed
in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products. In such event, we
could be required to re-engineer our technology or to discontinue offering all or a portion of our products in the event re-
engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis, any of which could adversely aﬁect our business, operating results and
ﬁnancial condition.
Our customers may use our products to share conﬁdential and sensitive information, and if our system security is breached,
our reputation could be harmed and we may lose customers.
Our customers may use our products and services to share conﬁdential and sensitive information, the security of which is critical
to their business. Third parties may attempt to breach our security for customer hosted content or the networks of our customers.
Malicious third-parties may also conduct attacks designed to temporarily deny customers access to our services. Customers may
take inadequate security precautions with their sensitive information and may inadvertently make that information public. We
may be liable to our customers or subject to fines for a breach in security, and any breach could harm our reputation and cause us
to lose customers. In addition, customers are vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar
disruptions, which could lead to interruptions, delays or loss of data. We may be required to expend significant capital and other
resources to further protect against security breaches or to resolve problems caused by any breach, including litigation-related
expenses if we are sued.
24