Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with these third parties, our ability to compete in the
marketplace or to maintain or grow our revenue could be impaired and our operating results would suffer.
Our cash flow could ﬂuctuate due to the potential difficulty of collecting our receivables.
A significant portion of our sales are fulfilled by VARs, regional distributors or master distributors. As an example, 28% of our
billings in fiscal 2016 were to Synnex Corporation, Starin Marketing Inc, and Stampede Presentation Products, Inc., three master
distributors who fulfill demand from other distributors, VARs or end-users. While our VARs typically maintain payment terms
consistent with other end-users, our master distributors have longer payment terms and a delay in payment may occur as a result
of a number of factors including changes in demand, general economic factors, financial performance, inventory levels or disputes
over payments. Any delay from Synnex, Starin, Stampede or other large distributors or VARs, could have a material impact on
the collections of our receivables during a particular quarter.
We offer credit terms to some of our international customers; however, payments tend to go beyond terms in certain countries
and advances allowable on accounts receivable from international customers under our revolving line of credit are calculated
using a lower advance rate than domestic receivables and are limited to $1 million. Therefore, as Europe, Asia and other
international regions grow, accounts receivable balances will likely increase as compared to previous years and our ability to
finance the increase will be limited.
Supporting our existing and growing customer base and implementing large customer deployments could strain our personnel
resources and infrastructure, and if we are unable to scale our operations and increase productivity, customer satisfaction
and our business will be harmed
Frequent enhancements to our software puts pressure on our customers to install, maintain and train their personnel on its use.
Further, frequent releases of the software can lead to less product stability. As a result, our customer care and engineering resources
have come under, and are expected in the future to come under significant pressure in providing the high-quality of technical
support our customers expect during periods of high demand. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate
short-term increases in customer demand for support services. Increased customer demand for these services, without
corresponding revenues, could increase costs and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, our sales process is highly
dependent on our applications and business reputation and on positive recommendations from our existing customers. Any failure
to maintain high-quality technical support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support, could adversely
affect our reputation, our ability to sell our products and services to existing and prospective customers, and our business,
operating results and financial position.
As we target more of our sales efforts at larger initial transactions, we face increasingly complex deployments requiring substantial
technical and management resources, including in some cases significant product customization and integration with other
applications or hardware. Customers making large expenditures for our products and services typically have higher expectations
of product and service operability and response time if issues arise. Some of these customers have asked us to host their content
and have significant amounts of legacy content to transfer to our datacenter. Such increased activity and storage demand on our
data centers put additional strain on our personnel and hosting infrastructure. Our hosting customers typically require a high level
of access, data security and need to capture and store multiple high definition streams. Such requirements require costly
enhancements to our infrastructure. High demand on technical and management resources to manage large transactions distract
personnel from existing customers, development of new products and other important activities which could lead to potential
customer dissatisfaction, product development delays or other issues associated with the distraction.
If a customer is not satisfied with the quality of work performed by us or a third party or with the type of services or solutions
delivered, then we could incur additional costs to address the situation and delay recognition of revenue, the profitability of that
work might be impaired, and the customer’s dissatisfaction with our services could damage our ability to obtain additional work
20