CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Director Independence
Through its listing requirements for companies with securities listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market, the NASDAQ
Stock Market (“NASDAQ”) requires that a majority of the members of our Board be independent, as defined under
NASDAQ’s rules. The NASDAQ rules have both objective tests and a subjective test for determining who is an
“independent director.” The objective tests state, for example, that a director is not considered independent if he or
she is an employee of the Company or has engaged in various types of business dealings with the Company. The
subjective test states that an independent director must be a person who lacks a relationship that in the opinion of the
Board would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The
Board has made a subjective determination as to each independent director that no relationship exists that, in the
opinion of the Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. In making these determinations, the Board reviews information provided by the directors in an annual
questionnaire with regard to each director’s business and personal activities as they relate to the Company. Based on
this review and consistent with NASDAQ’s independence criteria, the Board has afﬁrmatively determined that Mark
D. Burish, David C. Kleinman and Brian T. Wiegand are independent.
Related Person Transaction
The Board has adopted a Related Person Transaction Policy (the “Policy”), which is a written policy governing the
review and approval or ratification of Related Person Transactions, as defined in SEC rules.
Under the Policy, each of our directors and executive officers must notify the Chairman of the Audit Committee in
writing of any new potential Related Person Transaction involving such person or an immediate family member. The
Audit Committee will review the relevant facts and circumstances and will approve or ratify the transaction only if it
determines that the transaction is not inconsistent with, the best interests of the Company. The Related Party
Transaction must then be approved by the independent directors. In determining whether to approve or ratify a Related
Person Transaction, the Audit Committee and the independent directors may consider, among other things, the benefits
to the Company, the impact on the director’s independence (if the Related Person is a director or an immediate family
member); the availability of other sources for comparable products or services; the terms of the transaction; and the
terms available to unrelated third parties or to employees generally. There were no new Related Person Transactions
in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (“Fiscal 2016”).
Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight
Mark D. Burish serves as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board and Gary R. Weis serves as our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Technical Officer. The Company believes that having separate positions provides an appropriate
leadership structure.
Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our board, which is the Company’s ultimate decision-
making body, except with respect to those matters reserved to our stockholders. Our Board’s key mission is to
maximize long-term stockholder value. Our Board establishes our overall corporate policies, selects and evaluates
our executive management team (which is charged with the conduct of our business), and acts as an advisor and
counselor to executive management. Our board also oversees our business strategy and planning, as well as the
performance of management in executing its business strategy and assessing and managing risks.
What is the Board’s role in risk oversight?
The board takes an active role in monitoring and assessing the Company’s risks, which include risks associated with
operations, credit, financing and capital investments. Management is responsible for the Company’s day-to-day risk
management activities and our board’s role is to engage in informed risk oversight. Management, through its
5