2005 to December 2010; a Director and non-executive chair of the Board ﬁom 1984 to 2014 and Chair Emeritus since
2014 of North Lime Holdings and its wholly owned subsidiary, Irex Corporation, a contractor and distributor of insulation
materials; and a Director ﬁom 1993 to 2015 of Plymouth Tube Company, a manufacturer of metal tubing and metal
extrusions (where he served on the Audit Committee). From 1999 to 2006, he was a member of the Advisory Board of
DSC Logistics, a logistics management and warehousing firm. From May 1997 to February 2004, Mr. Kleinman served
as a Director of AT&T Latin America and predecessor companies, a facilities-based provider of telecom services in
Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Peru and Columbia (where he was chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the
Compensation Committee). From 1994 to 2005, he was a director of Wisconsin Paper and Products Company, a jobber
of paper and paper products. From 1964 to 1971, Mr. Kleinman was a member of the finance staff of the Ford Motor
Company. Mr. Kleinman received a BS degree in Mathematical Statistics and a PHD in Business ﬁom the University
of Chicago.
Mark D. Burish Term Expires in 2020
(Class 11 Director)
Mr. Burish, age 63, has been a director since March 2010 and has served as Non-Executive Chair since April 2011.
Mr. Burish is a shareholder of the law firm of Hurley, Burish & Stanton, Madison, WI, which he helped start in 1983.
He is the founder and CEO of Our House Senior Living, LLC, Milestone Senior Living, LLC and Milestone
Management Services, LLC which he started in 1997. Mr. Burish received his BA degree in communications from
Marquette University in 1975 and his I D degree from the University of Wisconsin in 1978.
Frederick H. Kopko, Jr. Term Expires in 2021
(Class III Director)
Frederick H. Kopko, age 61, served as Sonic Foundry’s Secretary from April 1997 to February 2001 and has been a
Director since December 1995. Mr. Kopko is a partner of the law ﬁrm of McBreen & Kopko, Chicago, Illinois, and
has been a partner of that firm since January 1990. Mr. Kopko practices in the area of corporate law. He is the
Managing Director, Neltj eberg Bay Enterprises LLC, a merchant banking and business consulting firm and has been
a Director of Mercury Air Group, Inc. since 1992. Mr. Kopko received a BA. degree in Economics from the University
of Connecticut, a JD. degree from the University of Notre Dame Law School and an MBA. degree from the
University of Chicago.
When considering whether the Board of Directors and nominees thereto have the experience, qualifications, attributes
and skills, taken as a whole, to enable the Board of Directors to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively in light
of our business and structure, the Board of Directors focused primarily on the information discussed in each of the
Board members' biographical information set forth above. Each of the Company's directors possess high ethical
standards, act with integrity and exercise careful, mature judgment. Each is committed to employing his skills and
abilities to aid the long-term interests of the stakeholders of the Company. In addition, each of our directors has
exhibited judgment and skill, and has either been actively involved with the Company for a considerable period of
time or has experience with other organizations of comparable or greater size. In particular, Mr. Kopko has had
extensive experience with companies comparable in size to Sonic Foundry, including serving as a director of Mercury
Air Group, Inc. and fills a valuable need with experience in securities and other business law. Mr. Weis has had
experience in both developing and established companies, having served as a CEO and Director of Cometa Networks
and in several positions at AT&T and IBM, including Senior Vice President of Global Services. While at AT&T, Mr.
Weis also was CEO of Concert, a joint venture between AT&T and British Telecom. Mr. Weis has served as CEO of
the Company since March 2011. Mr. Kleinman has significant experience serving on boards of directors of various
companies and has significant experience in finance and strategic management through his employment with the
Chicago Booth School of Business at the University of Chicago where he also obtained valuable market insight to the
Company’s largest customer base. Mr. Burish brings additional valuable legal experience to the Board as well as
experience obtained through founding multiple companies. Mr. Wiegand has significant experience in founding and
operating technology companies and building brand awareness with both businesses and consumers.
4