Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
Billings and Distribution
Our services are typically billed and collected in advance of providing the service which requires minimal cost to perform in the
future. Billings, which are a non-GAAP measure, are a better indicator of customer activity and cash ﬂow than revenue is, in
management’s opinion, and is therefore used by management as a key operational indicator. Billings is computed by combining
revenue with the change in unearned revenue.
Our largest individual customers are typically value added resellers (“VARs”) and distributors since the majority of our end users
require additional complementary products and services which we do not provide. Accordingly, in fiscal 2016 and 2015 one
master distributor, Synnex Corporation (“Synnex”), contributed 14 percent and 10 percent, respectively, of total world-wide
billings. A second master distributor, Starin Marketing, Inc. (“Starin”), contributed 13 percent and 12 percent of total world-wide
billings in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively. As master distributors, Synnex and Starin fulfill transactions to VARs, end users
and other distributors. No other customer represented over 10 percent of billings in 2016 or 2015.
Sales
We sell and market our offerings through a sales force that manages a channel of value-added resellers, system integrators,
consultants and distributors. These third party representatives specialize in understanding both audio/video systems and IT
networking. In fiscal 2016, we utilized three master distributors in the US. and approximately 225 resellers, and sold our products
to over 1,375 total end users. Our focus has been primarily in the United States and primarily to customers we have identified as
having the greatest potential for high use; that is, organizations with presenters, trainers, lecturers, marketers, event planners and
leaders who have a routine need to communicate to many people in higher education, government, health and certain corporate
markets. Despite our historical attention on the United States market, reseller, customer interest and sales outside the United
States has grown and accordingly, we made two international acquisitions in fiscal 2014 in the Netherlands and Japan,
significantly increasing our international headcount in sales, operations, technical and administrative positions. To date, we have
sold our products to customers in over 65 countries outside the United States. Total non-GAAP billings for Mediasite product and
support outside the United States totaled 38 percent and 41 percent in fiscal 2O 16 and 2015, respectively.
Market expansion: Over half our revenue is realized from the education market. Recent trends including the economic recovery
are driving more students, particularly adult learners, to seek online education options. Similarly, demand for lecture capture
within undergraduate, community college and blended learning programs is demonstrating growth. This development represents
an emerging trend beyond the traditional academic customer base for the company, which has primarily consisted of post-
graduate, distance learning and technical degree programs.
For our higher education as well as corporate, government and association clients, we anticipate economic conditions will expand
market demand for more outsourced services versus licensed sales. Over the last two years, the company has made extensive
capital and technology investments to advance its services model with turnkey event webcasting, a comprehensive cloud-based
Software as a Service (SaaS) datacenter, and e-commerce capabilities that position us well to deliver more diversified business
services.
With Mediasite Events, we continue to see growing demand for conference webcasting and hybrid events (conferences which
combine both face-to-face meeting and viewing over the web). These event-based communication, education and training
applications, combined with outsourced webcasting services, are expected to drive the company’s corporate sales activities going
forward.
Repeat orders: Many customers initially purchase a small number of Mediasite Recorders to test or pilot in a department, school
or business unit. A successful pilot project and the associated increase in webcasting demand from other departments or schools
10