Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
This annual report on Form 10-K (this "Report") contains statements that are considered forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and its rules and regulations (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and its rules and regulations (the "Exchange Act"). When used in this Report, the words
“anticipate”, “expect”, “plan”, “believe”, “seek”, “estimate” and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. These are statements that relate to future periods and include, but are not limited to, statements about the features, beneﬁts and
performance of our Rich Media products, our ability to introduce new product offerings and increase revenue from existing products,
expected expenses including those related to selling and marketing, product development and general and administrative, our beliefs
regarding the health and growth of the market for our products, anticipated increase in our customer base, expansion of our products
functionalities, expected revenue levels and sources of revenue, expected impact, if any, of legal proceedings, the adequacy of liquidity and
capital resources, and expected growth in business. F orward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those projected. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, market acceptance for
our products, our ability to attract and retain customers and distribution partners for existing and new products, our ability to control our
expenses, our ability to recruit and retain employees, the ability of distribution partners to successfully sell our products, legislation and
government regulation, shifts in technology, global and local business conditions, our ability to effectively maintain and update our products
and service portfolio, the strength of competitive offerings, the prices being charged by those competitors, and the risks discussed elsewhere
herein. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release
publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in our expectations with regard
thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Who We Are
Sonic Foundry, Inc. (NASDAQ: SOFO) (the "Company") is the trusted global leader for video capture, management and
webcasting solutions in education, business and government. Mediasite transforms communications, training, education and
events for more than 4,300 customers in over 65 countries. Sonic Foundry is a leader in Aragon Research’s GlobeTM for Video
Content Management, winner of Frost & Sullivan’s Global Market Share Leadership Award in Lecture Capture Solutions for
seven consecutive years, a leader in F orrester’s Enterprise Video Platforms and Webcasting WaveTM and a challenger in Gartner’s
Magic QuadrantTM for enterprise video content management.
Sonic Foundry, Inc. was founded in 1991, incorporated in Wisconsin in March 1994 and merged into a Maryland corporation of
the same name in October 1996. Our executive offices are located at 222 West Washington Ave, Madison, Wisconsin 53703 and
our telephone number is (608) 443-1600. Our Sonic Foundry International B.V. ("Sonic Foundry International") (formerly Media
Mission B.V.) ofﬁce is located in the Netherlands, and our Mediasite K.K. ("Mediasite K" or "MSKK") oﬁice is located in
Japan. Our corporate website is wwwsonicfoundrycom. In the “Investors” section of our website we make available, free of
charge, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports
required to be filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practicable
after the filing of such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Challenges We Address
Every organization faces a fundamental need to share information and communicate efficiently. Universities and colleges connect
instructors with students to educate and prepare the next generation. Businesses strive for eﬁective communication and
collaboration among employees to provide value to customers. Government agencies must keep partners, stakeholders and
constituents informed to operate effectively. And yet, communication and e-learning challenges remain, including how to:
- Improve learners’ academic and professional success
- Keep geographically-dispersed audiences and mobile teams connected
- Boost productivity and overall organizational knowledge
- Reduce logistical and financial impacts of day-to-day communications
4