Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
OTHER INFORMATION
Competition
Various vendors provide lecture capture, enterprise webcasting or video content management capabilities, but few offer an end-
to-end solution that addresses all phases of the video content lifecycle (capture, delivery, transformation and management) in a
single platform like Mediasite.
Lecture capture solutions designed specifically for higher education differ in their technology approach.
- Appliance- or room-based lecture capture provides a fully integrated system with complete recording automation for
live or on—demand content. The automated, pre-scheduled workﬂow results in the greatest faculty and staff adoption and
largest volumes of recorded content in the shortest amount of time.
° Software-based lecture capture that resides on a podium or computer in the classroom also captures and publishes rich
media content, but relies on campus- or user-supplied hardware.
- Desktop capture tools reside on individual users’ laptops or computers allowing them to record user-generated content.
Few lecture capture vendors, offer a mix of all lecture capture approaches to best suit customers’ needs. Most vendors, including
Crestron, Panopto and Tegrity, support only one approach to lecture capture. Likewise, a very small number of vendors provide
an integrated platform like Mediasite to archive and manage video and rich media recorded with their solution. Most rely on a
third-party platform, typically the institution’s learning or course management system, to publish, search and secure content.
Enterprise video management solutions (e.g. Kaltura, Qumu) serve as centralized media repositories that facilitate the delivery,
publishing and management of on—demand video. Unlike Mediasite, most platforms do not include a video capture, webcasting
or live streaming component, but instead ingest or import video-based content captured by other third-party devices or solutions.
Also, most other platforms focus on ingesting video-only content rather than rich video which combines multiple synchronous
video and/or slide streams into an interactive media experience.
Some current and potential customers develop their own home-grown lecture capture, webcasting or video content solutions
which may also compete with Mediasite. However, we often find many of these organizations are now looking for a commercial
solution that offers comprehensive management capabilities, requires fewer resources and internal maintenance and delivers a
less cumbersome workﬂow
Intellectual Property
The status of United States patent protection in the Internet industry is not well defined and will evolve as the US. Patent and
Trademark Office grants additional patents. Currently three US patents have been issued to us and we may seek additional
patents in the future. We do not know if any future patent application will result in any patents being issued with the scope of the
claims we seek, if such patents are issued at all. We do not know whether our patents which have been issued or any patents we
may receive in the future will be challenged, invalidated or be of any value. It is difficult to monitor unauthorized use of
technology, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States,
and our competitors may independently develop technology similar to ours. We will continue to seek patent and other intellectual
property protections, when appropriate, for those aspects of our technology that we believe constitute innovations providing
significant competitive advantages. Any future, patent applications may not result in the issuance of valid patents.
Our success depends in part upon our rights to proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of copyright, trade secret,
trademark and contractual protection to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We have registered three US. and four
foreign country trademarks. We require our employees to enter into confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements upon
commencement of employment. Before we will disclose any confidential aspects of our services, technology or business plans
12