REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE 1
The Audit Committee's role includes the oversight of our financial, accounting and reporting processes, our system of
internal accounting and financial controls and our compliance with related legal and regulatory requirements, the
appointment, engagement, termination and oversight of our independent auditors, including conducting a review of their
independence, reviewing and approving the planned scope of our annual audit, overseeing the independent auditors' audit
work, reviewing and pre-approving any audit and non-audit services that may be performed by them, reviewing with
management and our independent auditors the adequacy of our internal ﬁnancial controls, and reviewing our critical
accounting policies and the application of accounting principles. The Audit Committee held five meetings during fiscal
20 16.
Messrs. Kleinman, Burish and Wiegand meet the rules of the SEC for audit committee membership and are "independent"
as that term is used in Item 7 (d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act and under Nasdaq listing standards. A
copy of the Audit Committee Charter is available on Sonic’s website.
As set forth in the Audit Committee Charter, management of Sonic is responsible for the preparation, presentation and
integrity of Sonic’s financial statements and for the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.
Management and the accounting department are responsible for maintaining Sonic’s accounting and financial reporting
principles and internal controls and procedures designed to assure compliance with accounting standards and applicable
laws and regulations. The independent auditors are responsible for auditing Sonic’s financial statements and expressing
an opinion as to their conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
We have reviewed and discussed with our independent auditors, BT, matters required to be discussed pursuant to
Auditing Standard No. 16 (Communications with Audit Committees) as promulgated by the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board. We have received ﬁom the auditors a formal written statement describing the relationships between
the auditor and Sonic that might bear on the auditor's independence consistent with applicable requirements of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board. We have discussed with BT matters relating to its independence, including a
review of audit related fees, and considered the compatibility of non-audit services with the auditors' independence.
The members of the Audit Committee are not full-time employees of Sonic and are not performing the functions of
auditors or accountants. As such, it is not the duty or responsibility of the Audit Committee or its members to conduct
“ﬁeld work” or other types of auditing or accounting reviews or procedures or to set auditor independence standards.
Members of the Committee necessarily rely on the information provided to them by management and the independent
accountants. Accordingly, the Audit Committee’s considerations and discussions referred to above do not assure that the
audit of Sonic’s financial statements has been carried out in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, that
the ﬁnancial statements are presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or that Sonic’s auditors
are in fact “independent”.
We have reviewed and discussed with management and BT the audited financial statements. We discussed with BT the
overall scope and plans of their audit. We met with BT, with and without management present, to discuss results of their
examination and the overall quality of Sonic’s financial reporting.
1 The material in this report is not “soliciting material”, is not deemed filed with the SEC, and is not to be incorporated
by reference in any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language
in such filing.
33