Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
To remain relevant, colleges and universities are striving to differentiate themselves through technical leadership as a means to
attract tech-savvy students, while balancing their campus technology improvements with systems that faculty will embrace and
adopt. As a result, the education market is restructuring and increasing investments around online learning.
Historically, graduate programs and STEM (science, technology, engineering and math)-oriented degree programs in schools of
medicine, nursing, engineering or business have comprised the majority of our academic customer base. We are now experiencing
heightened market demand for academic video within undergraduate and community college programs as well.
According to the Babson Survey Research Group, Pearson and Online Learning Consortium report, Online Report Card: Tracking
Online Education in the United States (February 2016), distance education enrollment is rising, with 5.8 million students taking
at least one distance course. More than 71% of academic leaders rate the learning outcomes in online education as the same or
superior to those in face-to-face instruction. The report states that 35.6% of academic leaders called blended/hybrid outcomes
“superior” and somewhat superior in 2015, up from 32.8% in 2014.
Frost & Sullivan analysts report that the academic lecture capture market is “characterized by seismic shifts in the technological
demands of students, growing institutional adoption of online programs to increase student enrollment, the increasing use of
multi-source video capture to enrich user experience, and deeper in—video metadata schema to improve searchability.” Further,
they estimate the lecture capture market is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 20.6% from 2015 to
2022. (Global Lecture Capture Analysis report, 2016).
The visible integration of video-based learning into core university applications like learning management systems (LMSes) and
the success of bundled online learning technology solutions are two healthy indicators for the widespread adoption of campus
video. LMSes like Canvas by Instructure, BrightspaceTM, Blackboard®, Moodle and Sakai are ubiquitous in the education
enterprise. As the foundation for e-learning, these systems are rapidly evolving to be students’ single-source portal for all course-
related materials including recorded lecture and assignment videos. Mediasite’s packaged LMS integrations and support for the
Learning Tools Interoperability (LTI) standard, address the need to make learning content accessible to students when and where
they need it. Similarly, video management platforms are emerging as repositories for campus’ media-centric content. These
platforms provide additional opportunities through which to make Mediasite content accessible to faculty, staff and students.
Sonic Foundry Solutions in the Enterprise:
Executives, event planners and line-of-business managers for human resources, talent development, sales, marketing, and
customer service are pushing for more video in their organizations to improve communication, collaboration and results.
Mediasite has numerous applications within medium to large corporate, healthcare and government enterprises:
In corporate enterprises it is used for:
- Executive communications: town hall meetings, all-hands meetings
° Workforce development: onboarding and training, HR communications, policy documentation
° Secure corporate YouTube
° Sales, marketing and customer support
- Investor relations: earnings calls, analyst brieﬁngs, annual reports
° Conferences and events: user group, sales and annual meetings
8