sophistication of at least one member of the audit committee. Sonic's Board of Directors has also determined that neither
Mr. Kleinman nor any other member of the Audit Committee is an audit committee financial expert as defined by
applicable SEC regulations
The Compensation Committee consists of Messrs. Kleinman (chair) and Burish. The Board of Directors has determined
that all of the members of the Compensation Committee are “independent” as deﬁned under Nasdaq listing standards.
The Compensation Committee makes recommendations to the Board with respect to salaries of employees, the amount
and allocation of any incentive bonuses among the employees, and the amount and terms of stock options to be granted
to executive ofﬁcers. The Compensation Committee met once in Fiscal 2016. A copy of the charter of the Compensation
Committee is available on Sonic’s website.
The Governance Committee consists of Messrs. Burish (chair) and Kopko. The Governance Committee was established
on January 24, 2013 to consider board terms and other governance issues related to enhancing shareholder value. The
Committee did not meet in ﬁscal 2016.
The Nominations Committee consists of Messrs. Burish (chair), Kopko and Kleinman. The Board of Directors has
determined that all of the members of the Nominations Committee are “independent” as deﬁned under Nasdaq listing
standards. The purpose of the Nominations Committee is to evaluate and recommend candidates for election as directors,
make recommendations concerning the size and composition of the Board of Directors, develop speciﬁc criteria for
director independence, and assess the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors has adopted a
charter for the Nominations Committee, which is available on Sonic’s website. The Nominations Committee will review
all candidates in the same manner regardless of the source of the recommendation. In recommending candidates for
election to the Board of Directors, the Nominations Committee reviews each candidate’s qualiﬁcations, including
whether a candidate possesses any of the speciﬁc qualities and skills desirable in certain members of the Board of
Directors. Evaluations of candidates generally involve a review of background materials, internal discussions and
interviews with selected candidates as appr0priate. Generally, the Nominations Committee will consider various criteria
in considering whether to make a recommendation. These criteria include expectations that directors have substantial
accomplishments in their professional backgrounds and are able to make independent, analytical inquiries and exhibit
practical wisdom and mature judgment. Director candidates should possess the highest personal and professional ethics,
integrity and values, be committed to promoting the long-term interest of our stockholders and be able and willing to
devote the necessary time to carrying out their duties and responsibilities as members of the Board. While the Board of
Directors has not adopted a policy regarding diversity, we also believe our directors should come from diverse
backgrounds and experience bases in order to promote the representation of diverse views on the Board of Directors.
Stockholder recommendations of candidates for Board membership will be considered when submitted to Corporate
Secretary, Sonic Foundry, Inc, 222 W. Washington Ave, Madison, WI 53703. When submitting candidates for
nomination to be elected at Sonic's annual meeting of stockholders, stockholders must also follow the notice procedures
and provide the information required by Sonic's bylaws.
In particular, for a stockholder to nominate a candidate for election at the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the
nomination must be delivered or mailed to and received by Sonic's Secretary between November 7, 2017 and December
7, 2017 (or, if the 2018 annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days or delayed by more than 60 days ﬁom March
7, 2018, not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close
of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth calendar day following the date on which
public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is ﬁrst made). The nomination must include the same information
as is speciﬁed in Sonic's bylaws for stockholder nominees to be considered at an annual meeting, including the following:
o The stockholder's name and address and the beneﬁcial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is
proposed;
- The stockholder's reason for making the nomination at the annual meeting, and the signed consent of the
nominee to serve if elected;
- The number of shares owned by, and any material interest of, the record owner and the beneﬁcial owner,
if any, on whose behalf the record owner is proposing the nominee;
- A description of any arrangements or understandings between the stockholder, the nominee and any other
person regarding the nomination; and
7