STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR 2018 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
Requirements for Stockholder Proposals to be Considered for Inclusion in Sonic 's Proxy Materials.
Stockholders of Sonic may submit proposals on matters appropriate for stockholder action at meetings of Sonic's
stockholders in accordance with Rule 14a—8 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. For such
proposals to be included in Sonic's proxy materials relating to its 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, all applicable
requirements of Rule 14a—8 must be satisfied and such proposals must be received by Sonic no later than the
anniversary date of 120 days prior to the date of this proxy statement (September 29, 2017). Such proposals should be
delivered to Corporate Secretary, Sonic Foundry, Inc., 222 West Washington Avenue, Madison, Wisconsin 5 3703.
Requirements for Stockholders Proposals to be Brought Before the Annual Meeting.
Sonic's bylaws provide that, except in the case of proposals made in accordance with Rule 14a—8, for stockholder
nominations to the Board of Directors or other proposals to be considered at an annual meeting of stockholders, the
stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary not less than ninety nor more than one
hundred twenty calendar days prior to the anniversary of the date on which Sonic held its immediately preceding
annual meeting of stockholders. To be timely for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, a stockholder's notice
must be delivered or mailed to and received by Sonic's Secretary at the principal executive ofﬁces of Sonic between
November 7, 2017 and December 7, 2017. However, in the event that the annual meeting is advanced by more than
30 days or delayed by more than 60 days from March 7, 2018, to be timely, notice by the stockholders must be so
received not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the
close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth calendar day following the date
on which public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is first made. In no event will the public
announcement of an adjournment of an annual meeting of stockholders commence a new time period for the giving
of a stockholder's notice as provided above. A stockholder's notice to Sonic's Secretary must set forth the information
required by Sonic's bylaws with respect to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting.
In addition, the proxy solicited by the Board of Directors for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders will confer
discretionary authority to vote on (i) any proposal presented by a stockholder at that meeting for which Sonic has not
been provided with notice on or prior to the anniversary date of 45 days prior to the date of this proxy statement
(December 13, 2017) and (ii) any other proposal, if the 2018 proxy statement brieﬂy describes the matter and how
management's proxy holders intend to vote on it, and if the stockholder does not comply with the requirements of Rule
14a—4(c)(2) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Notwithstanding the above, all stockholder proposals must
comply with the provisions of Sonic’s bylaws.
OTHER MATTERS
The Board of Directors has at this time no knowledge of any matters to be brought before this year's Annual Meeting
other than those referred to above. However, if any other matters properly come before this year's Annual Meeting, it is
the intention of the persons named in the proxy to vote such proxy in accordance with their judgment on such matters.
GENERAL
A copy of our Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 is being mailed, together with
this Proxy Statement, to each stockholder. Additional copies of such Annual Report and of the Notice of Annual Meeting,
this Proxy Statement and the accompanying proxy may be obtained ﬁom us. We will, upon request, reimburse brokers,
banks and other nominees, for costs incurred by them in forwarding proxy material and the Annual Report to beneficial
owners of Common Stock. In addition, directors, officers and regular employees of Sonic and its subsidiaries, at no
additional compensation, may solicit proxies by telephone, telegram or in person. All expenses in connection with
soliciting management proxies for this year's Annual Meeting, including the cost of preparing, assembling and mailing
the Notice of Annual Meeting, this Proxy Statement and the accompanying proxy are to be paid by Sonic.
35