Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
Services
The Company sells support and content hosting contracts to our customers, typically one year in length, and records the related
revenue ratably over the contractual period. Our support contracts cover phone and electronic technical support availability over
and above the level provided by our distributors, software upgrades on a when and if available basis, advance hardware
replacement and an extension of the standard hardware warranty from 90 days to one year. The manufacturers the Company
contracts with to build the units provide a limited one-year warranty on the hardware. The Company also sells installation,
training, event webcasting, and customer content hosting services. Revenue for those services is recognized when performed in
the case of installation, training and event webcasting services. Occasionally, the Company will sell customization services to
enhance the server software. Revenue from those services is recognized when performed, if perfunctory, or under contract
accounting. Service amounts invoiced to customers in excess of revenue recognized are recorded as deferred revenue until the
revenue recognition criteria are met.
Revenue Arrangements that Include Multiple Elements
Sales of software, with or without installation, training, and post customer support fall within the scope of the software revenue
recognition rules. Under the software revenue recognition rules, the fee from a multiple-deliverable arrangement is allocated to
each of the undelivered elements based upon vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE), which is limited to the price charged
when the same deliverable is sold separately, with the residual value from the arrangement allocated to the delivered element.
The portion of the fee that is allocated to each deliverable is then recognized as revenue when the criteria for revenue recognition
are met with respect to that deliverable. If VSOE does not exist for all of the undelivered elements, then all revenue from the
arrangement is typically deferred until all elements have been delivered to the customer.
In the case of the Company’s hardware products with embedded software, the Company has determined that the hardware and
software components function together to deliver the product’s essential functionality, and therefore, the revenue from the sale of
these products is accounted for under the revenue recognition rules for tangible products whereby the fee from a multiple-
deliverable arrangement is allocated to each of the deliverables based upon their relative selling prices as determined by a selling-
price hierarchy. A deliverable in an arrangement qualifies as a separate unit of accounting if the delivered item has value to the
customer on a stand-alone basis. A delivered item that does not qualify as a separate unit of accounting is combined with the other
undelivered items in the arrangement and revenue is recognized for those combined deliverables as a single unit of accounting.
The selling price used for each deliverable is based upon VSOE if available, from third-party evidence (TPE) if VSOE is not
available, and best estimate of selling price (ESP) if neither VSOE nor TPE are available. TPE is the price of the Company’s or
any competitor’s largely interchangeable products or services in stand-alone sales to similarly situated customers. ESP is the price
at which the Company would sell the deliverable if it were sold regularly on a stand-alone basis, considering market conditions
and entity-speciﬁc factors. All revenue arrangements, excluding the sale of all software-only products and associated services,
have been accounted for under this guidance.
The selling prices used in the relative selling price allocation method are as follows: (1)the Company’s products and services are
based upon VSOE and (2) hardware products with embedded software, for which VSOE does not exist, are based upon ESP. The
Company does not believe TPE exists for any of these products and services because they are differentiated from competing
products and services in terms of functionality and performance and there are no competing products or services that are largely
interchangeable. Management establishes ESP for hardware products with embedded software using a cost plus margin approach
with consideration for market conditions, such as the impact of competition and geographic considerations, and entity-speciﬁc
factors, such as the cost of the product and the Company’s profit objectives. Management believes that ESP is reﬂective of
reasonable pricing of that deliverable as if priced on a stand-alone basis. When a sales transaction includes deliverables that are
divided between Accounting Standards Codiﬁcation (ASC) Topic 605 and ASC Subtopic 985-605, the Company allocates the
selling price using the relative selling price method whereas value is allocated using an ESP for software developed using a
percent of list price approach. The other deliverables are valued using ESP or VSOE as previously discussed.
5 1