Term and Amendment of the Plan. The Amended 2009 Plan is scheduled to expire ten years from the Effective Date
of the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan. The Board may amend or modify the Amended 2009 Plan in any respect to the
extent the amendment or modiﬁcation does not adversely affect a holder’s rights under any outstanding Award without
the holder’s consent; however, stockholder approval is required for any amendment that (i) materially increases the
benefits accrued to participants under the Plan, (ii) materially increases the number of securities which may be issued
under the Plan, (iii) materially expands the class of individuals eligible to participate in the Plan, or (iv) extends the
term of the Plan. In addition, certain amendments may, as determined by the Board in its discretion, require
stockholder approval pursuant to applicable laws, rules or regulations, including any applicable exchange on which
our common stock is listed.
Tax Withholding. Participants in the Amended 2009 Plan are responsible for the payment of any foreign, federal or
state tax that we are required by law to withhold upon any exercise or vesting of an Award. Subject to the discretion
of the Committee, participants may satisfy such tax obligations by delivery of shares of common stock, including
shares retained from the Award creating the tax obligations, valued at their fair market value. The Company may, to
the extent permitted by law, deduct such tax obligations from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the participant.
Federal Income Tax Consequences
The following is a summary of the principal US. federal income tax consequences to participants and the Company
with respect to participation in the Amended 2009 Plan. It does not describe all federal tax consequences under the
Amended 2009 Plan, nor does it discuss state, local or foreign tax consequences.
Incentive Stock Options. An optionee who is granted an incentive stock option does not recognize taxable income at
the time the option is granted or upon its exercise, although the exercise is an adjustment item for alternative minimum
tax purposes and may subject the optionee to the alternative minimum tax. Upon a disposition of the shares more than
two years after grant of the option and more than one year after the exercise of the option, any gain or loss is treated
as long-term capital gain or loss. If these holding periods are not satisﬁed, the optionee recognizes ordinary income at
the time of disposition equal to the difference between the exercise price and the lower of (a) the fair market value of
the shares at the date of the option exercise or (b) the sale price of the shares. Any gain or loss recognized on such a
premature disposition of the shares in excess of the amount treated as ordinary income is treated as long-term or short-
term capital gain or loss, depending on the holding period. Unless limited by Section 162(m) of the Code, we are
generally entitled to a deduction in the same amount as the ordinary income recognized by the optionee.
Nonstatutory Stock Options. No taxable income is recognized by an optionee upon the grant of a nonstatutory stock
option. Upon exercise, the optionee will recognize ordinary income equal to the excess of the fair market value of the
purchased shares on the exercise date over the exercise price paid for those shares. Assuming we comply with
Section 162(m) of the Code, we will be entitled to an income tax deduction in the tax year in which the optionee
recognizes the ordinary income. When the optionee disposes of shares granted as a nonstatutory stock option, any
difference between the sale price and the optionee’s exercise price, to the extent not recognized as taxable income as
provided above, is treated as long-term or short-term capital gain or loss, depending on the holding period.
Restricted Stock. A grantee who is awarded restricted stock will not recognize any taxable income for federal income
tax purposes in the year of the award, provided that the shares of common stock are subject to restrictions (that is, the
restricted stock is nontransferable and subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture). However, the grantee may elect under
Section 83(b) of the Code to recognize compensation in the year of the award in an amount equal to the fair market
value of the common stock on the date of the award (less the purchase price, if any), determined without regard to the
restrictions. If the grantee does not make such a Section 83(b) election, the fair market value of the common stock on
the date the restrictions lapse (less the purchase price, if any) will be treated as compensation income to the grantee
and will be taxable in the year the restrictions lapse and dividends paid while common stock is subject to restrictions
will be subject to withholding taxes. If we comply with the restrictions of Section 162(m) of the Code, we will be
entitled to a tax deduction in the same amount and generally at the same time as the grantee recognizes ordinary
income.
29