EXTENDING THE VALUE 01" VIDEO IN THE ENTERPRISE
Key Technology Partnerships
We enhanced our corporate delivery capabilities with technology integration partnerships with Ramp
Holdings and Riverbed. The partnerships help to scale delivery of behind—the-firewall enterprise streaming
video applications such as corporate communications, training and live webcasts to Sonic Foundry's
2300+ corporate and government customers.
Mediasite Events
Mediasite Events turnkey service engagements benefited from the expansion of new and repeat global
conferences, such as VMWare, Ellucian, Citrix, Gartner and Autodesk.
Mediasite Video Cloud Growth
Improved operational efficiencies coupled with increased customer demand has led to significant
growth in our cloud service, which we expect to continue in 2017 and beyond. The viewership growth by
our customers using Mediasite Video Cloud is validation that we have the right services offering.
LOOKING AHEAD
The rapidly changing video landscape creates a new opportunity for Sonic Foundry in 2017.
For more than a decade we’ve been first to plant the video flag in emerging market segments, in particular
higher education. We have done this by selling our video capture and creation tools directly to customers who
use those tools to create content in their organizations.
Now, as demand for the benefits of video extends beyond our traditional end-user markets, we have the
opportunity to partner with businesses seeking to help their customers adopt video strategies. We enable
these video strategies by embedding our technology within our partner's value proposition. The management
team, our board of directors and l are committed to expanding our business in this area. This year we will create
and prioritize new strategic partnership opportunities, and deploy our best team resources to pursue them.
We plan to replicate the early success we’ve seen in the publishing space with our Noordhoff Health partnership.
We are confident that similar requirements for video will enable us to extend the traditional benefits of
Mediasite to net—new growth partners.
We've identified global partners with established footprints that require scalable video solutions with
management and security, and with flexibility in creation, workflow and consumption of video. We have had
productive meetings with multinational networking and telecommunications companies, manufacturers of
adjacent technologies and global information services companies. In all of these opportunities, our partners
will sell their solution to their customers and license our technology to enable video in their solution.
In addition to this new initiative we will focus on continued growth in our core business. We will assist the
PushiTech sales and marketing team in China as it continues gaining inroads into the broad Chinese market.
We will continue our work to deepen existing channel partnerships which will help us to maintain our competitive
advantage in winning the largest deals in academic video. Finally, lam confident that we can continue to grow
our core business in North America, Europe, and Japan at 5—7%.
We will help transform the vast libraries of video into interactive, indexed rich video though automated
metadata creation and advanced search capabilities, and positively impact the individuals who are learning
from it. Maximizing shareholder value is the core of every decision we make and every action we take. Our
mission to drive shareholder value will be realized by enabling more effective communications by leveraging
the power of video to bridge both time and distance.
Sincerely,
Gary Weis, CEO of Sonic Foundry