PROPOSAL SEVEN: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
The Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee, has appointed the ﬁrm of Baker Tilly
Virchow Krause LLP (“BT”) as independent auditors to audit our ﬁnancial statements for the year ending September 30,
2017, and has further directed that management submit the selection of independent public accountants for ratiﬁcation
by the stockholders at the annual meeting. Representatives of BT are expected to be present at the annual meeting to
respond to stockholders' questions and to have the opportunity to make any statements they consider appropriate.
Stockholder ratification of the selection of BT as our independent auditors is not required by our Bylaws or otherwise.
However, the Board is submitting the selection of BT to the stockholders for ratiﬁcation as a matter of good corporate
practice. If the stockholders fail to ratify the selection, the Board and the Audit Committee will reconsider whether or
not to retain that ﬁrm. Even if the selection is ratified, the Board and the Audit Committee in their discretion may direct
the appointment of a different independent accounting firm at any time during the year if they determine that such a
change would be in the best interests of Sonic and its stockholders.
The ratification of the appointment of BT as independent public accountants requires the approval of a majority of the
votes cast at the Annual Meeting.
Recommendation of Board of Directors
The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR proposal 7 ratifying the appointment of BT as
independent auditors for Sonic Foundry.
Relations with Independent Auditors
The Company, upon the recommendation of its audit committee has selected Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP (“B T”)
as its independent auditor for the ﬁscal year ending September 30, 2017.
Audit services performed by BT for Fiscal 2016 and 2015 consisted of the examination of our ﬁnancial statements,
review of ﬁscal quarter results, and services related to ﬁlings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). We
also retained BT to perform certain audit related services associated with the audit of our beneﬁt plan. All fees paid to
BT were reviewed, considered for independence and upon determination that such payments were compatible with
maintaining such auditors’ independence, approved by Sonic’s audit committee prior to performance.
Fiscal Years 2016 and 2015 Audit Firm Fee Summary
During ﬁscal years 2016 and 2015, we retained our principal accountant, Baker Tilly Virchow Krause LLP to provide
services in the following categories and amounts:
Years Ended September 30,
2016 2015
Audit Fees $191,207 $188,970
Audit Related 12,400 12,300
Tax Fees — —
All of the services described above were approved by Sonic’s audit committee prior to performance. The Audit
Committee may, in its discretion, delegate to one or more of its members the authority to pre-approve any audit or non-
audit services to be performed by the independent auditors, provided that any such approvals are presented to the Audit
Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The audit committee has determined that the payments made to its independent
accountants for these services are compatible with maintaining such auditors’ independence.
32