(9) Includes 20,000 shares subject to Presently Exercisable Options.
(10) Includes 25,000 shares subject to Presently Exercisable Options.
(11) Includes 10,000 shares subject to Presently Exercisable Options.
(12) Includes an aggregate of 666,712 Presently Exercisable Options.
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Introduction
This Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes our compensation strategy, policies, programs and practices
for the executive officers identiﬁed in the Summary Compensation Table. Throughout this proxy statement, we refer
to these individuals, who serve as our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
of Sales as the “executive officers.”
The Executive Compensation Committee (“Committee”) establishes and oversees our compensation and employee
benefits programs and approves the elements of total compensation for the executive officers. The day-to-day design
and administration of our retirement and employee benefit programs available to our employees are handled by our
Human Resources and Finance Department employees. The Committee is responsible for reviewing these programs
with management and approving fundamental changes to them.
Overview and Objectives of our Executive Compensation Program
The compensation program for our executive officers is designed to attract, motivate, reward and retain highly
qualified individuals who can contribute to Sonic’s growth with the ultimate objective of increasing stockholder
value. Our compensation program consists of several forms of compensation: base salary, annual bonus, long-term
incentives and limited perquisites and benefits.
Base salary and annual bonus are cash-based while long-term incentives consist of stock option awards. The
Committee does not have a specific allocation goal between cash and equity-based compensation or between annual
and long-term incentive compensation. Instead, the Committee relies on the process described in this discussion and
analysis in its determination of compensation levels and allocations for each executive officer.
The Committee established performance metrics for each of its Named Executive Officers in fiscal 2016 designed to
match Company performance to the amount of incentive compensation paid to such officers following completion of
the fiscal year.
The recommendations of the Chief Executive Officer play a significant role in the compensation-setting process. The
Chief Executive Officer provides the Committee with an annual overall assessment of Sonic’s achievements and
performance, his evaluation of individual performance and his recommendations for annual compensation and long-
term incentive awards. The Committee has discretion to accept, reject or modify the Chief Executive Officer’s
recommendations. The Committee determines the compensation for the Chief Executive Officer in an executive
session.
Market Competitiveness
The Committee’s target is for total cash compensation to average between the 50th and 75th percentile of published
compensation data derived from two sources: (i) a peer group of companies that are in our industry, competitors for
key talent, or with similar financial characteristics; and (ii) published market survey data for companies within our
revenue range. The peer group data was obtained from the most recently filed proxy statement of 14 publicly-traded
technology companies with annual revenues ranging from approximately $25 million to just over $100 million; market
capitalization of approximately $20 million to approximately $200 million and approximately 400 employees or less.
The following companies comprised the peer group for the study: Adesto Technologies, Corp, ARI Network Services
Inc., Asure Software Inc., Autobytel Inc., Bsquare Corporation, Datawatch Corp, FalconStor Software Inc.,
GlobalSCAPE Inc., Glowpoint Inc., GSE Systems Inc., Inuvo Inc., MAM Software Group, Inc., Qumu Corporation
and Smith Micro Software Company. Given competitive recruiting pressures, the Committee retains its discretion to
12