PROPOSAL TWO: ADVISORY VOTE ON COMPENSATION OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
Introduction
The core of Sonic’s executive compensation policies and practices continues to be to pay for performance. Our
executive officers are compensated in a manner consistent with our strategy, competitive practice, sound corporate
governance principles, and stockholder interests and concerns. We believe our compensation program is strongly
aligned with the long-term interests of our stockholders. We urge you to read the Compensation Discussion and
Analysis section of this proxy statement for additional details on our executive compensation, including our
compensation philosophy and objectives and the 2016 compensation of our Named Executive Officers.
Pursuant to the “Say on Pay” rules enacted pursuant to Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act, we are asking
you to vote on the adoption of the following resolution:
BE IT RESOLVED by the stockholders of Sonic Foundry, Inc., that the stockholders approve the
compensation of Sonic’s Named Executive Officers as disclosed in the proxy statement pursuant to the SEC’s
compensation disclosure rules.
As an advisory vote, this Proposal is non-binding. Although the vote is non-binding, the Board of Directors and the
Compensation Committee value the opinions of our stockholders, and will consider the outcome of the vote when
making future compensation decisions for our Named Executive Officers.
Vote Required
The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Sonic common stock cast at the Annual Meeting is required for
approval of this Proposal.
Recommendation of the Board of Directors
The Board of Directors recommends that the stockholders vote FOR Proposal Two.
PROPOSAL THREE: ADVISORY VOTE ON SELECTION OF FREQUENCY FOR ADVISORY VOTE
ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
PROPOSAL
As part of the “Say on Pay”, the Sonic stockholders may indicate, by a non-binding advisory vote, the frequency
desired at which they will have an advisory vote on the compensation paid to Sonic’s Named Executive Officers. (In
other words, how often a proposal similar to this year’s Proposal Two will be included in the matters to be voted on
at the Annual Meeting.) The choices available under the Say on Pay rules are every year, every other year, or every
third year.
Please mark your proxy card to indicate your preference on this Proposal or your abstention if you wish to abstain. If
you fail to indicate your preference, your shares will be treated as though you chose to abstain on this proposal. A
plurality of the votes cast on this Proposal will determine the frequency selected by the stockholders. The Board of
Directors recommends that you select three years as the desired frequency for a stockholder vote on executive
compensation under the Say on Pay rules.
The frequency selected by the stockholders for conducting Say on Pay voting at the Annual Meetings of the
stockholders of the Company is not a binding determination. However, the frequency selected will be given due
consideration by the Company in its discretion.
21