PROPOSAL FOUR: PROPOSAL TO AMEND THE 2008 SONIC FOUNDRY EMPLOYEE STOCK
PURCHASE PLAN
The Board of Directors believe that it is in the best interest of Sonic and its stockholders to amend the 2008 Employee
Stock Purchase Plan to increase the number of shares of common stock subject to the plan ﬁom 150,000 to 200,000. The
2008 Employee Stock Purchase Plan was approved at the annual stockholders meeting held March 6, 2008 and in the
opinion of the Company, enhanced the interest of employees in the continued success of Sonic and served to align the
interests of the employees and stockholders. In addition, the Board of Directors is of the opinion that employee stock
purchase plans provide an aid in recruiting highly qualified and talented employees. At January 10, 2017 there are 19,039
shares available for issuance under the plan and we typically issue approximately 15,000 shares per year.
For these reasons, the Board of Directors authorized the amendment of the 2008 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the
"Purchase Plan") to increase the number of shares of common stock subject to the plan from 150,000 to 200,000, subject
to the approval of stockholders at the Annual Meeting.
The following is a summary of the material provisions of the Purchase Plan. This summary is qualiﬁed in its entirety by
reference to the specific provisions of the Purchase Plan, the full text of which is attached to this Proxy Statement as
Exhibit 1.
Summary of the Purchase Plan
Common Stock Subject T 0 Plan
Subject to adjustment as provided below, 200,000 shares of Common Stock will be available for issuance under the
Purchase Plan. Shares of Common Stock delivered under the Purchase Plan may be authorized and unissued shares or
reacquired shares. As of January 10, 2017, the fair market value of one share of Common Stock was $4.95.
Participation
Any employee who has completed 90 days of employment with Sonic or any Designated Subsidiary of Sonic on the first
day of each offering period will be eligible to participate in the Purchase Plan. A Designated Subsidiary of Sonic is any
majority-owned subsidiary of Sonic that has been designated by the Board of Directors as eligible to participate in the
Purchase Plan with respect to its Employees. An employee of Sonic or a Designated Subsidiary of Sonic who, after the
grant of an option to purchase, would hold common stock and/or hold outstanding options to purchase stock possessing
5% or more of the total combined voting power or value of Sonic will not be eligible to participate. As of January 10,
2017, approximately 135 employees of Sonic would be eligible to participate in the Purchase Plan.
Purchases Under The Purchase Plan
Sonic will continue to make bi-annual offerings to eligible employees of options to purchase shares of Common Stock
under the Purchase Plan on the ﬁrst trading day of January and July. Each offering period will continue to be for a period
of six months from the date of offering, and each eligible employee as of the date of offering will continue to be entitled
to purchase shares of Common Stock at a purchase price equal to the lower of 85% of the fair market value of Common
Stock on the first trading day of the offering period or 85% of the fair market value of Common Stock on the last trading
day of the offering period.
Payment for shares of Common Stock purchased under the Purchase Plan will continue to be made by authorized payroll
deductions from an employee's Total Wages. Subject to the terms of the Purchase Plan, eligible employees who desire
to participate in the Purchase Plan will designate a stated whole percentage of their total wages, up to a maximum of
10%, to be deducted from their total wages and held by Sonic until the date of purchase. No participant in the Purchase
Plan is permitted to purchase Common Stock under the Purchase Plan if such option would permit his or her rights to
purchase stock under the Purchase Plan to accrue at a rate that exceeds $25,000 of the fair market value of such shares
(determined as of the date of grant of such right), or that exceeds 1,000 shares, for each calendar year during which any
option granted to such individual under any such plan is outstanding at any time.
22