Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above and our review of Sonic’s audited ﬁnancial statements for ﬁscal
2016, we recommended to the Board that the audited ﬁnancial statements be included in the Annual Report on Form 10-
K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, for ﬁling with the SEC effective December 22, 2016.
Respectfully submitted,
AUDIT COMMITTEE
David C. Kleinman, Chair
Mark D. Burish
Brian T. Wiegand
CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS
Frederick H. Kopko, Jr., a director and stockholder of Sonic Foundry, is a partner in McBreen & Kopko. Pursuant to
the 1997 Directors' Stock Option Plan, Mr. Kopko has been granted options to purchase 2,000 shares of Common
Stock at an exercise price of $37.60 and was granted options to purchase 18,000 shares of Common Stock at exercise
prices ranging from $5.50 to $14.83 pursuant to the 2008 Non-Employee Directors Plan. During ﬁscal 2016, we paid
the Chicago law firm of McBreen & Kopko certain compensation for legal services rendered subject to standard billing
rates.
Section 16(a) Beneﬁcial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires Sonic's officers and directors, and persons who own
more than ten percent of the Common Stock, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and Forms 4 furnished to us pursuant to Rule 16a-
3 under the Exchange Act during our most recent fiscal year, to Sonic Foundry's knowledge, all reporting persons
complied with all applicable filing requirements of Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Code of Ethics
Sonic has adopted a Code of Ethics (as defined in Item 406 of Regulation S-K) that applies to its principal executive,
ﬁnancial and accounting ofﬁcers. Sonic Foundry will provide a copy of its code of ethics, without charge, to any
investor who requests it. Requests should be addressed in writing to Mr. Kenneth Minor, Corporate Secretary, 222
West Washington Ave, Madison, WI 5 3703.
COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Any stockholder who desires to contact our Board or specific members of our Board may do so electronically by
sending an email to the following address: directors@s0nicf0undry. com. Alternatively, a stockholder can contact our
Board or speciﬁc members of our Board by writing to: Secretary, Sonic Foundry Incorporated, 222 West Washington
Avenue, Madison, WI 53703.
Each communication received by the Secretary will be promptly forwarded to the specified party following normal
business procedures. The communication will not be opened but rather will be delivered unopened to the intended
recipient. In the case of communications to the Board or any group or committee of Directors, the Secretary will open
the communication and will make sufficient copies of the contents to send to each Director who is a member of the
group or committee to which the envelope is addressed.
34