Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
leads to follow up, multiple Recorder orders as well as increased Mediasite Video Platform or Mediasite Video Cloud capacity.
In ﬁscal 2016, 90 percent of billings were to preexisting customers compared to 83 percent of billings in fiscal 2015.
Renewals: As is typical in the industry, we oﬂ:"er annual support and maintenance service contract extensions for a fee to our
customer base. Nearly all customers purchase a Customer Assurance plan with their initial Mediasite Recorders and Mediasite
Video Platform, and the majority renew their contracts annually.
Marketing
In the enterprise, our marketing strategy is based on a cross-industry approach with programs targeting a blend of IT and line of
business decision makers responsible for video initiatives in corporate communications, training and development, live
webcasting and/or corporate events. The addition of Mediasite Join to our family of enterprise video solutions boosts demand
generation marketing to specifically target use cases for streaming and managing the rapidly growing amount of unified
communication and collaboration (UCC)—generated video. The medical/healthcare, pharmaceutical and technology segments are
particularly strong enterprise markets for us.
Across higher education institutions, Mediasite maintains its market leadership position for scalable and affordable lecture capture
and video management. Our marketing focuses on professional schools of business, academic health, law and engineering.
Mediasite Join provides new demand generation opportunities as UCC technologies are the basis of many distance learning
programs.
Spanning both education and enterprise are marketing programs targeting continuing education. Across these two macro markets
we maintain a balanced blend of new demand generation and customer nurturing, to drive Mediasite expansion and add-on
business in existing accounts.
Our integrated marketing strategy leverages:
- Customer success stories regularly shared through our best practices webinar series, Enterprise Video Awards program,
speaking placements at industry events, email marketing, industry guest columns and blog
- Thought leadership content created and curated from customer successes, Sonic Foundry subject matter experts (SMES)
and industry experts in the form of ebooks, whitepapers, videos, best practice toolkits and more
- The Mediasite Community, a Vibrant online community of 2000+ users and its companion community events including
the global Mediasite User Conference, Unleash; Mediasite Summits in Europe and Australia/New Zealand; and year-
round regional chapter meetings
Sonic Foundry also has field sales/support offices in Europe, Japan and China to deliver its marketing message and execute
region-specific marketing programs.
Operations
We contract with a third party to build the hardware for our Mediasite Recorders and purchase quantities sufficient to fill specific
customer orders, including purchases of inventory by resellers. Quantities are maintained in inventory by the third party provider
and shipped directly to the end customer or reseller. The hardware manufacturer provides a limited one-year warranty on the
hardware, which we pass on to our customers who purchase a Mediasite Customer Assurance support and maintenance plan. We
believe there are alternative sources of manufacturing for our recorders and believe there are numerous additional sources and
alternatives to the existing production process. We have experienced delays in production of our products and component parts
used in our products in the past and expect to continue to maintain excess quantities of inventory in the future to mitigate the risk
of such delays. To date, we have not experienced any material returns due to product defects.
1 1