Dear Fellow Shareholders, ’ T ” ” ";;" " ' " ’ .
Since I joined Sonic Foundry six years ago, I've worked with
the management team to identify key areas of growth. We ve __
. 7.17/59”? ’ i \' .4131. 5:; 3‘
been able to expand to new geographies and have grown :\;’L>-,r.‘> =13.
. . will??? ,
from a U.S.—based company to a truly global enterprise, With .,."3'_;:-,,{1‘l_i;rf/ 1:
functioning sales representation in Japan, Europe, the Middle
East, India and China. ' j‘\§i.ii;:.."~‘43u'..j
We’ve evolved the product mix far beyond the room—based “U
video capture solutions for which we are most widely known '
and respected. Our offerings now include an array of video I -- 7 {5"
content capture solutions to serve content creators in every , 1...; ‘ 7 7 .
enVIronment, from the most technically advanced meeting ytﬁ . . ,
and learning spaces, to tech nology-light spaces, to a simple y r H .
'Gptop 0“ 0' d'“'“9 room th'e' \, ~ -
This new product mix means that recurring serVIces revenue, j -
which includes Mediasite Video Cloud subscriptions, support
ramﬁuzznazgn, 7
renewals, annual software licenses and events serVIces, is
growing at a faster rate than that of our total revenue.
These actions have been intended to provide new sources of long term revenue growth. However, the rate of
growth has been slower than what all of us would like to see.
We also continue to pursue large transactions for our traditional products to provide an additional source of
revenue growth. The timing of these transactions has always been difficult to predict and gives rise to "lumpy"
growth. The most obvious illustration of this is that we enjoyed approximately $4 million of billings from these
large transactions in 2015 but realized S0 in billings for 2016.
However, in 2016 we saw improved business fundamentals. Billings in our core business—excluding large
transactions—grew by 12%, we realized measurable improvement in gross margins and a swing from an
adjusted EBlTDA loss the prior year to profit.
We are also proud of the significant progress we made on several of our core business objectives, including:
STEADY GAINS IN INTERNATIONAL EXECUTION
Sonic Foundry International (formerly MediaMission)
We developed significant partnerships with key players in the healthcare industry, such as Noordhoff
Health in the Netherlands, a business unit of Noordhoff Publishers, to co-create innovative learning
solutions with more than 4,000 hospitals. This initiative will be used as a model to develop further
partnership initiatives in Europe and the United States.
Medidsite K.K. in Japan
Strong performance in Japan was driven in part by corporate training initiatives in highly-regulated
industries such as pharmaceuticals and health. We’ve also established strategic reseller partnerships
with companies such as Sony, IMS Health, Toshiba, Hitachi Cable Network and NTT which are producing
strong results.
China
Overall billings to China grew nearly threefold, and we have collected $1.3 million to date from our
partnership with PushiTech, a spin-off of Neusoft. We are seeing increased distribution activity and
growth in licensing of software products as they leverage their established relationships with customers,
and the state and federal government to sell the value of scalable video applications.