Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
Nearly all of our customers purchase a Customer Assurance plan when they purchase Mediasite Video Platform or Mediasite
Capture Solutions.
Annual service contracts for Mediasite Video Cloud, include a Standard Customer Assurance plan.
What Sets Mediasite Apart?
For enterprises to maximize their return on video, it takes more than capturing, storing and streaming content. The true impact
and power of video is realized when content is transformed into highly interactive learning experiences rich with searchable
metadata and detailed viewing statistics. Mediasite provides:
° Complete platform addressing the entire video lifecycle - From content creation and delivery to retention and
management. Mediasite’s portfolio of video solutions provides customers maximum ﬂexibility and scalability to develop a
comprehensive enterprise video strategy.
- Interactive, consistent playback experiences across devices - Mediasite involves the viewer in their online video
experience with polls, bookmarks, sharing, ask-a-question, resource links and more. Plus, Mediasite’s consistent playback
experience across all devices significantly reduces learning curves and accelerates adoption and content mastery.
- Auto-indexing and powerful video search - As a video search pioneer for over a decade, we have substantial experience
in search precision. Mediasite SmartSearch automatically makes all videos as searchable as text, so keywords can be found
anywhere - in audio, slides, handwriting, video or tags.
- Deep viewership analytics - Mediasite’s powerful video analytics and built-in reports show exactly who is watching what
and when. It’s the deep insight users need to understand Viewing behaviors and engagement, to measure video’s impact and
value and make informed decisions.
° Unmatched support network - Sonic Foundry and the growing Mediasite Community provide a reliable, collaborative
support network for all Mediasite customers. Our worldwide network of field-based system engineers and responsive
customer care ensure that customers have resources committed to their success. Plus, with nearly 2,000 active customers, the
Mediasite Community is one of the most vibrant and growing user communities for video, webcasting, lecture capture and
e-learning. Members share ideas and get feedback year-round from community experts through a private online portal,
customer-exclusive webcasts and unrivaled networking and learning opportunities at Unleash, the global Mediasite User
Conference and other regional customer events.
Sonic Foundry Solutions in Higher Education:
Among post-secondary institutions, Mediasite is used for all academic and campus environments, including:
- Lecture capture
- Flipped classroom instruction: students view lectures from home and use classroom time for discussion
- Blended, hybrid and distance learning
° Continuing education
° Campus YouTube
° Special events: commencement, guest speakers, sporting events, etc.
- Faculty training and development
° Student video projects
- Recruitment and admissions
° University business: leadership meetings, alumni relations, outreach
Higher education institutions consistently report that Mediasite:
- Improves student learning outcomes
- Keeps their institution competitive by supporting higher enrollment and/0r tuition without new classrooms
- Empowers faculty with technology supporting new teaching pedagogies both in the classroom and online
- Boosts campus outreach, recruitment efforts and awareness of campus events
- Helps campuses manage, secure and search all campus video
7