Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term
is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(t).
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the
framework in the 2013 Internal Control- Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (the “2013 C080 Framework”) on May 14, 2013. The 2013 C080 Framework outlines the 17 underlying
principles and the following fundamental components of a company’s internal control: (i) control environment, (ii) risk
assessment, (iii) control activities, (iv) information and communication, and (v) monitoring. The 2013 Framework was adopted
in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015.
Based on evaluations at September 30, 2016, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, with the participation
of our management team, have evaluated the eﬁectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a—15
(e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Securities Exchange Act) and determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
Disclosure controls and procedures ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under
the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and
forms of the SEC, and that material information relating to the Company is accumulated and communicated to management,
including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as apprOpriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosures. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were eﬁective as of September 30, 2016.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have not made any change to our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
None.
74