Meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at the Annual Meeting. The election of
the Director requires a plurality of the votes present and entitled to vote. Therefore, the director who receives the
highest vote total will be elected. Neither an abstention nor a withheld vote will affect the outcome of the election.
The vote to amend the 2008 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, the amendment of the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan and, the
amendment of the Sonic Foundry Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan require the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of shares entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. A plurality of the votes cast at the Annual
Meeting is required to select, by a non-binding advisory vote, the frequency at which the stockholders of the Company
will be asked to approve, by a non-binding advisory vote, the compensation paid by the Company to its Named
Executive Officers. If you abstain from voting on either of these proposals, it will have the same effect as a vote
against the proposal. The non-binding advisory vote of the compensation paid by the Company to its Named Executive
Officers and ratification of the appointment of Baker Tilly Virchow Krause LLP requires the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting. If you abstain or withhold your vote on this proposal,
it will have no effect on the outcome of the proposal.
The New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") has rules that govern brokers who have record ownership of listed company
stock held in brokerage accounts for their clients who beneficially own the shares. Under these rules, brokers who do
not receive voting instructions from their clients have the discretion to vote uninstructed shares on certain discretionary
matters but do not have discretion to vote uninstructed shares as to certain other non-discretionary matters. A broker
may return a proxy card on behalf of a beneficial owner from whom the broker has not received instructions that casts
a vote with regard to discretionary matters but expressly states that the broker is not voting as to non-discretionary
matters. The broker's inability to vote with respect to the non-discretionary matters with respect to which the broker
has not received instructions from the beneficial owner is referred to as a "broker non-vote". Under current NYSE
interpretations, the proposal to ratify the appointment of Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP as our independent auditor
is considered a discretionary matter, while the non-binding advisory vote of the compensation paid by the Company
to its named executive officers, the proposal to amend the 2008 Stock Purchase Plan, the proposal to amend the 2009
Stock Incentive Plan and the proposal to amend the 2008 non-employee directors stock option plan are considered
non-discretionary matters.
DATE, TIME AND PLACE OF ANNUAL MEETING
The Annual Meeting will be held on March 7, 2017 at 9:00 am. (Central time) at the Monona Terrace Community
and Convention Center, One John Nolen Drive, Madison, Wisconsin 53703.
PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTOR
Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that the Board of Directors shall be divided
into ﬁve classes, with each class having a five-year term. Directors are assigned to each class in accordance with a
resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors. Vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting ﬁom death,
resignation, disqualification, removal or other causes may be ﬁlled by either the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the then-outstanding shares or by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in ofﬁce,
even if less than a quorum of the Board of the Directors. Newly created directorships resulting ﬁom any increase in the
number of directors may, unless the Board of Directors determines otherwise, be filled only by a majority vote of the
entire Board of Directors. A director elected by the Board of Directors to ﬁll a vacancy (including a vacancy created by
an increase in the number of directors) shall serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until such director’s
successor is elected and qualiﬁed.
Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation provide that the number of directors, which shall constitute the
whole Board of Directors, shall be not be less than three or more than twelve. The currently authorized number of
directors is ﬁve. The seat on the Board of Directors currently held by Brian T. Wiegand, is designated as a Class IV
Board seat, with term expiring at the Annual Meeting. The Board of Directors has nominated Brian T. Wiegand as Class
IV Director for election at the Annual Meeting.
2