Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
Manufacturing disruption or capacity constraints would harm our business.
We subcontract the manufacture of our recorders to one third-party contract manufacturer. Although we believe there are multiple
sources of supply from other contract manufacturers as well as multiple suppliers of component parts required by our contract
manufacturer, a disruption of supply of component parts or completed products, even if short term, would have a material negative
impact on our revenues. Many component parts currently have long delivery lead times or cease production of certain components
with limited notice in which to evaluate or obtain alternate supply, requiring conservative estimation of production requirements.
Lengthening lead times, product design changes and other third party manufacturing disruptions have caused delays in delivery.
In order to compensate for supply delays, we have sourced components from off-shore locations, used cross component parts,
paid significantly higher prices or premium fees to expedite delivery for short supply components, and currently hold substantially
larger quantities of inventory than in the past. Many of these strategies have increased our costs or require substantial resources
to maintain and may not be sufficient to ensure against a product shortage. We depend on our subcontract manufacturer to produce
our products efficiently while maintaining high levels of quality. Any manufacturing or component defects, delay in production
or changes in product features will likely cause customer dissatisfaction and may harm our reputation. Moreover, any
incapacitation of the manufacturing site due to destruction, natural disaster or similar events could result in a loss of product
inventory. As a result of any of the foregoing, we may not be able to meet demand for our products, which could negatively affect
revenues in the quarter of the disruption or longer depending upon the magnitude of the event, and could harm our reputation.
We could lose revenues if there are changes in the spending policies or budget priorities for government funding of colleges,
universities, schools and other education providers.
Most of our customers and potential customers are public colleges, universities, schools and other education providers who
depend substantially on government funding. Accordingly, any general decrease, delay or change in federal, state or local funding
for colleges, universities, schools and other education providers could cause our current and potential customers to reduce or
delay their purchases of our products and services, or to decide not to renew service contracts, either of which could cause us to
lose revenues. In addition, a specific reduction in governmental funding support for products such as ours would also cause us to
lose revenues. Unfavorable economic conditions may result in further budget cuts and lead to lower overall spending, including
information technology spending, by our current and potential clients, which may cause our revenues to decrease.
If a sufficient number of customers do not accept our products, our business may not succeed.
The use of video as a mainstream communication tool and the market for content management software is in an early stage. We
cannot predict how the market for our products will develop, and part of our strategic challenge will be to convince enterprise
customers of the productivity, improved communications, cost savings, suitability and other beneﬁts of our products. In higher
education the decision to include lecture capture technology in the classroom is often inﬂuenced by the professor teaching the
class, who sometimes views lecture capture technology as a threat to their job. The market for content delivery solutions is very
complex, includes many products and solutions that address various aspects of customer needs and as a result it is often difficult
for customers and channel partners to understand how our products and services compare. Further, corporate customers may use
video as a tool, but may choose to rely upon their own IT infrastructure and resources to manage their video content. Because
many companies generally are predisposed to maintaining control of their IT systems and infrastructure, there may be resistance
to using software as a service provided by a third party. Our future revenue and revenue growth rates will depend in large part on
our success in delivering these products effectively, creating market acceptance for these products and meeting customer’s needs
for new or enhanced products. If we fail to do so, our products will not achieve widespread market acceptance, and we may not
generate sufficient revenue to offset our product development and selling and marketing costs, which will hurt our business.
We may not be able to innovate to meet the needs of our target market.
Our future success will continue to depend upon our ability to develop new products, product enhancements or service offerings
that address future needs of our target markets and to respond to these changing standards and practices. The success of new
products, product enhancements or service offerings depend on several factors, including the timely completion, quality and
16