Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
We license technology from third parties. If we are unable to maintain these licenses, our operations and ﬁnancial condition
may be negatively impacted.
We license technology from third parties. The loss of, our inability to maintain, or changes in material terms of these licenses
could result in increased cost or delayed sales of our software and services, or may cause us to remove features from our products
or services. We anticipate that we will continue to license technology from third parties in the future. This technology may not
continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Although we do not believe that we are substantially
dependent on any individual licensed technology, some of the component technologies that we license ﬁom third parties could
be difficult for us to replace. The impairment of these third-party relationships, especially if this impairment were to occur in
unison, could result in delays in the delivery of our software and services until equivalent technology, if available, is identified,
licensed and integrated. This delay could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
The technology underlying our products and services is complex and may contain unknown defects that could harm our
reputation, result in product liability or decrease market acceptance of our products.
The technology underlying our products is complex and includes software that is internally developed, software licensed from
third parties and hardware purchased from third parties. These products have, and will in the future, contain errors or defects,
particularly when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. We may not discover defects that affect
our current or new applications or enhancements until after they are sold and our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to
cover our exposure. Any defects in our products and services could:
- Damage our reputation;
- Cause our customers to initiate product liability suits against us;
- Increase our product development resources;
- Cause customers to cancel orders, ask for partial refunds or potential customers to purchase competitive products or
services;
- Delay release or market acceptance of our products, or otherwise adversely impact our relationships with our customers;
and
- Cause us to allocate valuable engineering resources to fix our existing products, which may cause us to allocate fewer
resources toward developing new products, or toward adding features to our existing products.
If we are viewed only as a commodity supplier, our margins and valuations will shrink.
We need to provide value-added services in order to avoid being Viewed as a commodity supplier. This entails building long-term
customer relationships and developing features that will distinguish our products. Our technology is complex and is often
confused with other products and technologies in the market place, including video conferencing, streaming and collaboration.
We have developed lower cost hardware, software products and cloud solutions to better address that market segment. Such
products have more limited features compared to our existing products. While we believe we can preserve the market for our full-
featured products due to differentiation between the two and migration to full featured products, release of lower cost products
could reduce gross margin and demand for products sold at higher prices. Potential large scale deployments of our products often
include the lower cost products we sell, putting greater pressure on gross margin due to expectations for greater volume discounts.
If we fail to build long-term customer relationships and develop features that distinguish our products in the market place, our
margins will shrink and our stock may become less valuable to investors.
Our success depends upon the proprietary aspects of our technology.
Our success and ability to compete depend to a significant degree upon the protection of our proprietary technology. We currently
have three US. patents that have been issued to us. We may seek additional patents in the future. However, it is possible that:
26