SONIC FOUNDRY, INC.
222 W. Washington Avenue
Madison, Wisconsin 53703
January 26, 2017
PROXY STATEMENT
The Board of Directors of Sonic Foundry, Inc., a Maryland corporation (“Sonic”), hereby solicits the enclosed proxy.
Unless instructed to the contrary on the proxy, it is the intention of the persons named in the proxy to vote the proxies:
FOR the election of Brian T. Wiegand for a term expiring in 2022;
FOR approval, by a non-binding advisory vote, of the compensation paid by the Company to its Named Executive
Officers;
FOR the selection, by a non-binding advisory vote, of the frequency at which the stockholders of the Company
will be asked to approve, by a non-binding advisory vote, the compensation paid by the Company to its Named
Executive Ofﬁcers;
FOR approval of a proposal to amend the 2008 Sonic Foundry Employee Stock Purchase Plan to increase the
number of shares of common stock subject to the plan from 150,000 to 200,000.
FOR approval of a proposal to amend the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares of common
stock subject to the plan from 1,800,000 to 2,700,000.
FOR a Proposal to amend the 2008 Sonic Foundry Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan to increase the
number of common shares subject to the plan from 100,000 to 150,000; and
FOR the ratiﬁcation of the appointment of Baker Tilly Virchow Krause LLP as independent auditors of Sonic for
the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017.
In the event that the nominee for director becomes unavailable to serve, which management does not expect, the
persons named in the proxy reserve full discretion to vote for any other persons who may be nominated. Proxies may
also be authorized by telephone or over the Internet by following the instructions on the proxy card. Any stockholder
giving a proxy may revoke it at any time prior to the voting of such proxy. This Proxy Statement and the
accompanying proxy are being mailed on or about February 1, 2017.
Each stockholder will be entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock standing in his or her name on our
books at the close of business on January 10, 2017 (the “Record Date”). Only holders of issued and outstanding shares
of Sonic's common stock as of the close of business on the Record Date are entitled to notice of and to vote at the
Annual Meeting, including any adjournment or postponement thereof. On that date, we had outstanding and entitled
to vote 4,416,423 shares of Common Stock, held by approximately 4,000 stockholders, of which approximately 200
were held in street name.
QUORUM; VOTES REQUIRED
Votes cast by proxy or in person at the Annual Meeting will be tabulated by the inspector of elections appointed for
the Annual Meeting and will determine whether or not a quorum is present. Where, as to any matter submitted to the
stockholders for a vote, proxies are marked as abstentions (or stockholders appear in person but abstain from voting),
such abstentions will be treated as shares that are present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining the presence
of a quorum, but will not be treated as present and entitled to vote for any other purpose. If a broker indicates on the
proxy that it does not have discretionary authority as to certain shares to vote on a particular matter and has not
received instructions from the beneficial owner, which is known as a broker non-vote, such shares will also be
considered present for purposes of a quorum, provided that the broker exercises discretionary authority on any other
matter in the Proxy. A majority of the shares of Common Stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote at the Annual
1