Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
If our net operating loss carryforwards are limited, and we have taxable income which exceeds the available net operating loss
carryforwards for that period, we would incur an income tax liability even though net operating loss carryforwards may be
available in future years prior to their expiration. Any such income tax liability may adversely affect our future cash ﬂow, financial
position and financial results.
Our business is subject to changing regulations regarding corporate governance and public disclosure that will increase both
our costs and the risk of noncompliance.
As a publicly traded company we are subject to significant regulations, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. While we have
developed and instituted a corporate compliance program based on what we believe are the current best practices and continue to
update the program in response to newly implemented regulatory requirements and guidance, we cannot assure that we are or
will be in compliance with all potentially applicable regulations.
Although our non-affiliate market capitalization was less than $75 million at March 31, 2016 and we were therefore not required
to have an auditor attestation on our internal controls over financial reporting for fiscal 2016, SEC rules may in the future require
us to have such an attestation if our non-affiliate market capitalization exceeds a certain threshold. We have found material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the past and cannot assure that in the future our management or our
auditors, will not find additional material weaknesses in connection with our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We also cannot assure that we could correct all such weaknesses to allow our management
to attest that we have maintained effective internal controls over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year in time to
enable our independent registered public accounting firm to attest that such assessment will have been fairly stated in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or attest that we have maintained effective internal
control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year. If we fail to comply with any of these regulations, we could be
subject to a range of regulatory actions, fines, or other sanctions or litigation. In addition, the disclosure of any material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting could have a negative impact on our stock price.
Provisions of our charter documents and Maryland law could also discourage an acquisition of our company that would
beneﬁt our stockholders.
Provisions of our articles of incorporation and by-laws may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of our
company, even if a change in control would benefit our stockholders. Our articles of incorporation authorize our board of directors,
without stockholder approval, to issue one or more series of preferred stock, which could have voting and conversion rights that
adversely aﬁect or dilute the voting power of the holders of common stock. Furthermore, our articles of incorporation provide
for a classified board of directors, which means that our stockholders may vote upon the retention of only one or two of our five
directors each year. Moreover, Maryland corporate law restricts certain business combination transactions with “interested
stockholders” and limits voting rights upon certain acquisitions of “control shares.”
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Our principal office is located in Madison, Wisconsin in a leased facility of approximately 26,000 square feet. The building serves
as our corporate headquarters, accommodating our general and administrative, product development and selling and marketing
departments. We believe this facility is adequate for our needs. The current lease term for this office expires on December 31,
20 1 8.
29