Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
Privacy concerns and laws, evolving regulation of cloud computing, cross-border data transfer restrictions and other domestic
or foreign regulations may limit the use and adoption of our solutions and adversely affect our business.
Regulation related to the provision of services on the Internet is increasing, as federal, state and foreign governments continue to
adopt new laws and regulations addressing data privacy and the collection, processing, storage and use of personal information,
including health data. In some cases foreign data privacy laws and regulations, such as the European Union’s Data Protection
Directive, and the country-specific regulations that implement that directive, also govern the processing of personal information.
While our European customers can conﬁrm our participation in the EU Privacy Shield program as support that we comply with
the European Union Directive on the protection of personal data, they may still have concerns about our processing of personal
data and may decide note to host content with us. Further, laws are increasingly aimed at the use of personal information for
marketing purposes, such as the European Union’s e-Privacy Directive, and the country-specific regulations that implement that
directive. Such laws and regulations are subject to differing interpretations and may be inconsistent among jurisdictions. These
and other requirements could reduce demand for our solutions, restrict our ability to support our customers, or even offer our
services and solutions in certain locations. We expect to acquire software and hardware in ﬁscal 2017 in order to enhance our
ability to defend and to detect intrusions to our network infrastructure. These enhancements will be expensive and require
significant staff time to deploy and develop, and there is no assurance that they will be eﬁective.
In addition to government activity, privacy advocacy and other industry groups have established or may establish new self-
regulatory standards that may place additional burdens on us. Many of our customers in the European Union face increasingly
complex procurement requirements that have delayed some projects and caused us not to be successful in winning other
opportunities. If we are unable to maintain these certifications or meet these standards, it could adversely affect our ability to
provide our solutions to certain customers and could harm our business.
Our customers and potential customers do business in a variety of industries, including financial services, the public sector,
healthcare and telecommunications. Regulators in certain industries have adopted and may in the future adopt regulations or
interpretive positions regarding the use of cloud computing and other outsourced services. The costs of compliance with, and
other burdens imposed by, industry-specific laws, regulations and interpretive positions may limit customers’ use and adoption
of our services and reduce overall demand for our services.
The costs of compliance with and other burdens imposed by laws, regulations and standards may limit the use and adoption of
our service and reduce overall demand for it, or lead to significant fines, penalties or liabilities for any noncompliance.
Furthermore, concerns regarding data privacy may cause the users of our customers’ data to resist providing the data necessary
to allow our customers to use our service effectively. Even the perception that the privacy of personal information is not
satisfactorily protected or does not meet regulatory requirements could inhibit sales of our products or services, and could limit
adoption of our cloud-based solutions.
Operational failures in our network infrastructure could disrupt our remote hosting services, cause us to lose clients and sales
to potential clients and result in increased expenses and reduced revenues.
Unanticipated problems affecting our network systems could cause interruptions or delays in the delivery of the hosting services
we provide to some of our clients. We are not equipped to provide full disaster recovery to all of our hosted clients. If there are
operational failures in our network infrastructure that cause interruptions, slower response times, loss of data or extended loss of
service for our remotely hosted clients, we may be required to issue credits or pay penalties, current clients may terminate their
contracts or elect not to renew them and we may lose sales to potential clients. We have recently acquired additional hardware
and systems, expect to make more significant investments in hardware (primarily for storage) and outsourced most aspects of our
network infrastructure to three providers. As a result, we are reliant on third parties for network availability so outages may be
outside our control and we may need to acquire additional hardware in order to provide an appropriate level of redundancy
required by our customers.
25