- Limitations on Amendments. The Amended 2009 Plan requires stockholder approval for
material amendments to the Plan, including (i) a material increase in the benefits accrued to
participants under the Plan, (ii) a material increase in the number of securities that may be
issued under the Plan, (iii) a material expansion of the class of individuals eligible to
participate in the Plan, or (iv) an extension to the term of the Plan.
Description of the Amended 2009 Plan
A description of the principal features of the Amended 2009 Plan is set forth below. The summary is qualified in its
entirety by the detailed provisions of the Amended 2009 Plan, a copy of which is attached to this Proxy Statement as
Exhibit 2.
Purpose. The Amended 2009 Plan is intended to provide incentives to the Company’s ofﬁcers, directors, and
employees by providing them with opportunities to acquire a direct proprietary interest in the operations and future
success of the Company.
Eﬁective Date. The Amended 2009 Plan will become effective on the date on which it is approved by the stockholders
(the “Effective Date”).
Types of Awards. The Amended 2009 Plan provides for the following types of awards: (i) incentive stock options,
(ii) non-qualified stock options, (iii) restricted stock awards, (iv) restricted stock units, (v) performance stock awards,
(vi) and other stock-based awards (collectively, “Awards”).
Administration. Our Board, or a committee of the Board consisting of at least two members of the Board, will continue
to administer the Amended 2009 Plan. The Board may delegate responsibility for administration of the Plan to
different committees, subject to any limitations the Board deems apprOpriate. The Board, or any two member
committee of the Board (hereinafter, the “Committee”), has full authority to administer the Plan, including authority
to interpret and construe any relevant provisions of the Plan, to adopt rules and regulations that it deems necessary, to
determine which individuals are eligible to participate and/or receive Awards under the Plan, to determine the amount
and/or number of shares subject to the Award, and to determine the terms of the Award (which need not be identical).
The Committee may delegate its authority to grant Awards under the Amended 2009 Plan to one or more of the
Company’s executive officers to the extent permitted by applicable law, provided the grantees are not executive
officers or directors of the Company.
The Committee has the power to approve the form of Award agreements, and to amend or adopt sub-plans to permit
employees who reside outside the United States to participate in the Amended 2009 Plan. The Committee does not
have authority under the Amended 2009 Plan to reduce the exercise or purchase price of any outstanding Award or to
cancel and re-grant an outstanding Award if such action would reduce the exercise or purchase price of the Award, in
either case, absent prior approval of the stockholders for such an action.
The Board has delegated administration of the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan, and any amendments thereto, including the
Amended 2009 Plan to the Executive Compensation Committee.
Stock Subject to the Amended 2009 Plan. The common stock issued or to be issued under the Amended 2009 Plan
consists of authorized but unissued shares or issued shares that have been reacquired by the Company in any manner.
Subject to adjustment made in connection with a recapitalization, change in control and certain other events set forth
in the Amended 2009 Plan, the maximum number of shares subject to Awards which may be issued pursuant to the
Amended 2009 Plan will be 2,700,000 shares of common stock. In addition, if any Award granted under the Amended
2009 Plan is not exercised or is forfeited, lapses or expires, or otherwise terminates without delivery of any common
stock subject thereto, the shares subject to such Award will again be available for future grants of Awards under the
Plan. The number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the Amended 2009 Plan will not be
increased by any shares tendered or Awards surrendered in connection with the purchase of shares of common stock
upon exercise of an option or any shares of common stock deducted or forfeited from an Award in connection with
our withholding obligations.
26