deviate from this target under appropriate circumstances. The Committee periodically receives updates of the
published compensation data.
Pay for Performance
The Committee believes that both long and short term compensation of executive officers should correlate to Sonic’s
overall financial performance. Incentive payouts will be larger with strong performance and smaller if Sonic’s
financial results decline. From time to time, extraordinary Board-approved initiatives in a fiscal year, such as a
restructuring, acquisition, or divestiture, are considered by the Committee in its overall evaluation of Sonic’s
performance.
Peer Group Analysis
Compensation data came from a peer group of fourteen public companies that we consider similar to our market for
sales, or for key talent, or with similar financial or other characteristics such as number of employees. The companies
in the peer group are described above.
Components of Executive Compensation
Base Salary
The Committee seeks to pay the executive officers a competitive base salary in recognition of their job responsibilities
for a publicly held company. As noted above, the target compensation range for an executive ’s total cash compensation
(salary and bonus) is between the 50th and 75th percentile of the market data reviewed by the Committee.
As part of determining annual compensation review, the Committee also considers the Chief Executive Ofﬁcer’s
recommendation regarding individual performance as well as internal equitable considerations.
In evaluating individual performance, the Committee considers initiative, leadership, tenure, experience, skill set for
the particular position, knowledge of industry and business, and execution of strategy in placing the individual within
the range outlined.
The Committee considered base wage changes for Messrs. Weis, Minor and Lipps at a meeting of the Committee held
on December 1, 2016. The Committee increased the base compensation for Messrs. Weis, Minor and Lipps by 3% —
calculating new base wages of $489,883, $301,986 and $249,811, respectively. After its review of all sources of
market data as described above, the Committee believes that the base salaries and the bonuses described are within its
targeted range for total cash compensation.
Annual Performance-Based Variable Compensation
The performance-based variable compensation reported for each executive ofﬁcer represents compensation that was
earned based on the fiscal 2016 incentive plan. The following describes the methodologies used by the Compensation
Committee to determine the final annual performance-based variable compensation earned by each executive officer:
Selection of Performance Metrics. For fiscal 2016, the Compensation Committee designed a short-term incentive
program (“STIP”) driven by four performance measures that it determined were appr0priate to drive desired business
behavior for the Company and would correlate positively with total shareholder return. These measures were the
Company’s results with respect to (1) customer billings, (2) adjusted EBITDA, (3) customer satisfaction, and (4) the
officer’s achievement of certain individual goals. Messrs. Weis, Minor and Lipps were included in the plan. Mr.
Lipps’ short term incentive plan included a separate component based solely on the level of customer billings achieved.
Establishment of Incentive Goals and Payout Approach. The Compensation Committee designed the relationship
between pay and performance to ensure that desired performance would be rewarded with material payouts. Similarly,
13