Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
exchange rates, and revenue and expense items are translated using weighted average exchange rates. Any adjustments arising on
translation are included in shareholders’ equity as an element of accumulated other comprehensive loss.
Advertising Expense
Advertising costs included in selling and marketing, are expensed when the advertising ﬁrst takes place. Advertising expense was
$403 thousand and $655 thousand for years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively.
Research and Development Costs
Research and development costs are expensed in the period incurred, unless they meet the criteria for capitalized software
development costs.
Income Taxes
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and
liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. We do not provide for
US. income taxes on the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, which we consider to be permanently invested outside
of the U. S.
We make judgments regarding the realizability of our deferred tax assets. The balance sheet carrying value of our net deferred
tax assets is based on whether we believe that it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient future taxable income to
realize these deferred tax assets after consideration of all available evidence. We regularly review our deferred tax assets for
recoverability considering historical profitability, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing
temporary diﬁerences and tax planning strategies. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider both positive and
negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets. The weight given to the positive and negative
evidence is commensurate with the extent to which the evidence may be objectively verified. As such, it is generally difficult for
positive evidence regarding projected future taxable income exclusive of reversing taxable temporary differences to outweigh
objective negative evidence of recent ﬁnancial reporting losses. Generally, cumulative loss in recent years is a significant piece
of negative evidence that is diﬁicult to overcome in determining that a valuation allowance is not needed.
As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, valuation allowances have been established for all US. and for certain foreign deferred tax
assets which we believe do not meet the “more likely than not” criteria for recognition.
The Company also accounts for the uncertainty in income taxes related to the recognition and measurement of a tax position and
measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in an income tax return. The Company follows the applicable
accounting guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods and disclosure related
to the uncertainty in income tax positions.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Nonfinancial Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis
The Company’s goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets are nonfinancial assets that were acquired either as part
of a business combination, individually or with a group of other assets. These nonfinancial assets were initially measured and
recognized at amounts equal to the fair value determined as of the date of acquisition. Fair value measurements of reporting units
are estimated using an income approach involving discounted or undiscounted cash ﬂow models that contain certain Level 3
inputs requiring management judgment, including projections of economic conditions and customer demand, revenue and
margins, changes in competition, operating costs, working capital requirements, and new product introductions. Fair value
measurements of the reporting units associated with the Company’s goodwill balances are estimated at least annually at the
beginning of the fourth quarter of each fiscal year for purposes of impairment testing. Fair value measurements associated with
55