Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
quarter comparisons of our revenues, operating results and cash ﬂows may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as
an indication of future performance.
Our operating results are hard to predict as a significant amount of our sales typically occur at the end of a quarter and the
mix of product and service orders may vary significantly.
Revenue for any particular quarter is extremely difficult to predict with any degree of certainty. We typically ship products within
a short time after we receive an order and therefore, we do not have an order backlog with which to estimate future revenue. In
addition, orders from our channel partners are based on the level of demand from end-user customers. Any decline or uncertainty
in end-user demand could negatively impact end-user orders, which could in turn significantly negatively affect orders from our
channel partners in any given quarter. Accordingly, our expectations for both short and long-term future revenue is based almost
exclusively on our own estimate of future demand based on the pipeline of sales opportunities we manage, rather than on firm
channel partner orders. Our expense and inventory levels are based largely on these estimates. In addition, our events business is
particularly unpredictable and subject to variation due to the short time-frame between when we learn of an opportunity and when
the event occurs. Further, the majority of our product orders are received in the last month of a quarter; thus, the unpredictability
of the receipt of these orders could negatively impact our future results. We historically have received all or nearly all our channel
partner orders in the last month of a quarter and often in the last few days of the quarter. Accordingly, any significant shortfall in
demand for our products or services in relation to our expectations, even if the result was a short term delay in orders, would have
an adverse impact on our operating results.
We have experienced growing demand for our hosting and event services as well as a growing preference from our customers in
purchasing our annually licensed software. As a result, we have seen an increase in service billings and recurring revenue as a
percentage of total billings. We expect this trend to continue which we expect to improve predictability of revenue and gross
margins but will delay the impact on revenue of any increase or decrease in billings during any particular quarter. We subcontract
for some services required by our events customers, such as onsite management labor and closed captioning. We typically charge
for such services at a lower margin than other services. The percentage of billings represented by services, provided either directly
or indirectly, is also likely to ﬂuctuate from quarter to quarter due to seasonality of event services and other factors. Since content
hosting and support services are typically billed in advance of providing the service, revenue is initially deferred, leading to
reduced current period revenue with a corresponding negative impact to profits or losses in periods of significant increase in the
percentage of our billings for deferred services.
The market price of our common stock may be subject to volatility
The trading prices of the securities of technology companies have been highly volatile. Factors aﬁecting the market price of our
common stock include:
- Variations in our operating results, earnings per share, cash ﬂows from operating activities, deferred revenue and other
financial metrics and non-financial metrics, and how those results compare to investor expectations;
° Our announcement of actual results for a fiscal period that are higher or lower than expected results or our announcement
of revenue or earnings guidance that is higher or lower than expected, including as a result of difficulty forecasting
seasonal variations in our financial condition and operating results;
- Changes in the estimates of our operating results or changes in recommendations by securities analysts that elect to follow
our common stock;
- Announcements of technological innovations, new services or service enhancements, strategic alliances or significant
agreements by us or by our competitors;
- Announcements by us or by our competitors of mergers or other strategic acquisitions, or rumors of such transactions
involving us or our competitors;
- Announcements of customer additions and customer cancellations or delays in customer purchases;
- Recruitment or departure of key personnel;
1 8