Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
by our foreign subsidiaries are needed for our operations in the United States, the repatriation of some of these funds to the United
States could require payment of additional U.S. taxes.
We may evaluate further operating or capital lease opportunities or incur additional term debt to finance equipment purchases or
other uses of cash in the future and will utilize the Company’s revolving line of credit to support working capital needs. While
the Company anticipates that it will be in compliance with all provisions of our debt facilities, there can be no assurance that the
existing debt facilities will be available or that additional financing will be available or on terms acceptable to the Company.
If we borrow money, we may incur significant interest charges, which could harm our proﬁtability. Holders of debt would also
have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing holders of our common stock. If we raise additional equity, the
terms of such financing may dilute the ownership interests of current investors and cause our stock price to fall significantly. We
may not be able to secure financing upon acceptable terms, if at all. If we cannot raise funds on acceptable terms, we may not be
able to develop or enhance our products, take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive pressures or
unanticipated requirements, which could seriously harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. The Company
believes its cash position and available credit is adequate to accomplish its business plan through at least the next twelve months.
We have a history of losses.
Our investments in growing revenues have generated losses in most years. Despite our plans to grow revenue to a greater extent
than expenses in ﬁscal 2017 and beyond, we may not realize sufﬁcient revenues to reach or sustain profitability on a quarterly or
annual basis. For the year ended September 30, 2016, we had a gross margin of $28.0 million on revenue of $38.0 million with
which to cover selling, marketing, product development and general and administrative costs. Our selling, marketing, product
development and general and administrative costs have historically been a significant percentage of our revenue, due partly to
the expense of deve10ping leads, the relatively long period required to convert leads into sales associated with selling products
that are not yet considered “mainstream” technology investments and the cost of developing and maintaining those products.
Fluctuations in profitability or failure to maintain profitability have and will likely impact the price of our stock in the future.
Currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations could result in higher costs and decreased margins and earnings.
The functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries in the Netherlands is the Euro and in Japan is the Japanese Yen. They are
subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk. The conversion rate of the Yen to the US Dollar rose from 98 at the start of ﬁscal
2014 when we acquired Mediasite K.K., to approximately 125 in mid fiscal 2015 and now is approximately 104. Similarly, at the
beginning of ﬁscal 2014 when we acquired Sonic Foundry International B.V., the Euro was trading at .79 to the US Dollar, rose
to approximately .95 in mid fiscal 2015 and is now at approximately .90 compared to the US Dollar. The strength of the dollar
impacted our ability to export profitably to other countries such as those in the European Union and Japan in fiscal 2015 and early
2016, and may return to those levels. Any increase in the exchange rate of the US. Dollar compared to the Euro or the Japanese
Yen will impact our future operating results and ﬁnancial position.
Multiple unit deals are needed for continued success.
We need to sell multiple units to educational, corporate and government institutions in order to sell most efﬁciently and remain
profitable. In fiscal 2016 and ﬁscal 2015, 90% and 83% of revenue was generated by sales to existing customers, respectively. In
particular, sales of multiple units to corporate customers have lagged behind results achieved in the higher education market;
consequently, we have allocated more resources to the higher education market. While we have addressed a strategy to leverage
existing customers and close multiple unit transactions, a customer may choose not to make expected purchases of our products.
The failure of our customers to make expected purchases will harm our business.
1 5