Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
There is a great deal of competition in the market for our products, which could lower the demand for our products and have
a negative impact on our operations.
The market for our products and services is intensely competitive, dynamic and subject to rapid technological change. The
intensity of the competition and the pace of change are expected to increase in the future. Increased competition is likely to result
in price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share, any one of which could seriously harm our business.
Competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the products and services offered, many of which have greater ﬁnancial
resources, greater name recognition, more employees and greater ﬁnancial, technical, marketing, public relations and distribution
resources than we have. In addition, new competitors with greater financial resources may arise through partnerships, distribution
agreements, mergers, acquisitions or other types of transactions at any time. In particular, large companies have begun to make
investments in and/or partner with smaller companies to enter the lecture capture and video management markets.
Various vendors provide lecture capture, enterprise webcasting or video content management capabilities, but few offer an end-
to-end solution that addresses all phases of the video content lifecycle (capture, delivery, transformation and management) in a
single platform like Mediasite.
Lecture capture solutions designed specifically for higher education differ in their technology approach.
- Appliance- or room-based lecture capture provides a fully integrated system with complete recording automation for
live or on-demand content. The automated, pre-scheduled workﬂow results in the greatest faculty and staff adoption and
largest volumes of recorded content in the shortest amount of time.
° Software-based lecture capture that resides on a podium or computer in the classroom also captures and publishes rich
media content, but relies on campus- or user-supplied hardware.
- Desktop capture tools reside on individual users’ laptops or computers allowing them to record user-generated content.
Few lecture capture vendors, offer a mix of all lecture capture approaches to best suit customers’ needs. Most vendors, including
Crestron, Panopto and Tegrity, support only one approach to lecture capture. Likewise, a very small number of vendors provide
an integrated platform like Mediasite to archive and manage video and rich media recorded with their solution. Most rely on a
third-party platform, typically the institution’s learning or course management system, to publish, search and secure content.
Enterprise video management solutions (e.g. Kaltura, Qumu) serve as centralized media repositories that facilitate the delivery,
publishing and management of on—demand video. Unlike Mediasite, most platforms do not include a video capture, webcasting
or live streaming component, but instead ingest or import video-based content captured by other third-party devices or solutions.
Also, most other platforms focus on ingesting video-only content rather than rich video which combines multiple synchronous
video and/or slide streams into an interactive media experience.
Some current and potential customers develop their own home-grown lecture capture, webcasting or video content solutions
which may also compete with Mediasite. However, we often find many of these organizations are now looking for a commercial
solution that offers comprehensive management capabilities, requires fewer resources and internal maintenance and delivers a
less cumbersome workﬂow.
The competitive environment may require us to make changes in our products, pricing, licensing, services, or marketing to
maintain and extend our current technology. Price concessions or the emergence of other pricing, licensing, and distribution
strategies or technology solutions of competitors may reduce our revenue, margins or market share. Other changes we have to
make in response to competition could cause us to expend significant ﬁnancial and other resources, disrupt our operations, strain
relationships with partners, release products and enhancements before they are thoroughly tested or result in customer
dissatisfaction, any of which could harm our operating results and stock price.
22