Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
1. Basis of Presentation and Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Business
Sonic Foundry, Inc. (the Company) is in the business of providing enterprise solutions and services for the web communications
market.
Principles of Consolidation
The accompanying consolidated ﬁnancial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries,
Sonic Foundry Media Systems, Inc, Sonic Foundry International B.V. (formerly Media Mission RV.) and Mediasite K.K. All
signiﬁcant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. The name change for the subsidiary formerly known
as Media Mission B.V. occurred in October 2016.
Prior to January 2014, the Company owned approximately 26% of Mediasite K and accounted for its investment under the
equity method of accounting. On January 14, 2014, the Company purchased the remaining 74% of Mediasite KK.
Reelassiﬁeations
Reclassifications have been made to the September 30, 2015 ﬁnancial statements to conform to the September 30, 2016
presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the Company’s net loss or stockholders’ equity as previously reported.
Use of Estimates
In preparing financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(US GAAP), management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenue and expense during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Revenue Recognition
General
Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery occurs or services are rendered, the sales
price is ﬁxed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue is deferred when undelivered products or services
are essential to the functionality of delivered products, customer acceptance is uncertain, significant obligations remain, or the
fair value of undelivered elements is unknown. Typically, the Company does not offer customers the right to return product, other
than for exchange or repair pursuant to a warranty or stock rotation. The Company’s policy is to reduce revenue if it incurs an
obligation for price rebates or other such programs during the period the obligation is reasonably estimated to occur. The following
policies apply to the Company’s major categories of revenue transactions.
Products
Products are considered delivered, and revenue is recognized, when title and risk of loss have been transferred to the customer or
upon customer acceptance if non-delivered products or services are essential to the functionality of delivered products. Under the
terms and conditions of the sale, this occurs at the time of shipment to the customer. Product revenue currently represents sales
of our Mediasite recorder and Mediasite related products such as our server software and other software licenses. If a license is
time-based, the revenue is recognized over the term of the license agreement.
50