Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
development costs qualifying for capitalization are typically immaterial and are generally expensed to research and development
costs. During 2013, the Company’s My Mediasite product release required software capitalization since there was a longer period
between technological feasibility and the general availability of the product. Upon product release, the amortization of software
development costs is determined annually as the greater of the amount computed using the ratio of current gross revenues for the
products to their total of current and anticipated future gross revenues or the straight-line method over the estimated economic
life of the products, expected to be three years. Amortization expense of software development costs of $104 thousand and $178
thousand is included in Cost of Revenue — Product for each of the years ending September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The
gross amount of capitalized external and internal development costs was $533 thousand at September 30, 2016 and 2015. There
were no software development efforts that qualified for capitalization for the years ended September 30, 2016 or 2015,
respectively.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are recorded at cost and are depreciated using the straight-line method for financial reporting purposes.
The estimated useful lives used to calculate depreciation are as follows:
: Years :
Leasehold improvements 5 to 10 years
Computer equipment 3 to 5 years
Furniture and ﬁxtures 5 to 7 years
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
Goodwill has an indefinite useful life and is recorded at cost and not amortized but, instead, tested at least annually for impairment.
We assess the impairment of goodwill on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair
value of these assets is less than the carrying value. If a qualitative assessment is used and the Company determines that the fair
value of goodwill is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood of more than 50%) less than its carrying amount, a quantitative
impairment test will be performed. If goodwill is quantitatively assessed for impairment, a two-step approach is applied. First,
the Company compares the estimated fair value of the goodwill to its carrying value. The second step, if necessary, measures the
amount of impairment, if any, by comparing the implied fair value of goodwill to its carrying value.
In ﬁscal 2016 and 2015, we performed the two-step goodwill test and determined that the fair value of goodwill is more than the
carrying value. For purposes of the ﬁscal 2016 and 2015 tests, goodwill balances are evaluated within three separate reporting
units. The Company has recognized no impairment charges as of September 30, 2016 or as of September 30, 2015.
If we had determined that the fair value of goodwill was less than its carrying value, based upon the annual test or the existence
of one or more indicators of impairment, we would then measure impairment based on a comparison of the implied fair value of
goodwill with the carrying amount of goodwill. To the extent the carrying amount of goodwill is greater than the implied fair
value of goodwill, we would record an impairment charge for the diﬁerence.
Long-lived assets and intangible assets other than goodwill are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable based on expected undiscounted cash ﬂows
attributable to that asset. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no events or changes in circumstances occurred that
required this analysis.
Comprehensive Loss
Comprehensive loss includes disclosure of financial information that historically has not been recognized in the calculation of
net income. Our comprehensive loss encompasses net loss and foreign currency translation adjustments. Assets and liabilities of
international operations that have a functional currency that is not in US. dollars are translated into US. dollars at year-end
54