- Information regarding the nominee that would be required to be included in Sonic's proxy statement by the
rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the nominee's age, business experience for the
past ﬁve years and any other directorships held by the nominee.
DIRECTORS COMPENSATION
Our directors who are not also our full-time employees, receive an annual retainer of $20,000 in addition to a fee of
$1,500 for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and $1,000 per committee meeting attended. In addition,
Mr. Kleinman receives an Audit Committee annual retainer of $8,000 and a Compensation Committee annual retainer
of $3,000 for his services as chairman of each committee and Mr. Burish receives an annual retainer of $35,000 as
compensation for his services as Chairman of the Board of Directors. The retainers earned by each director in ﬁscal 2016
were awarded in stock rather than in cash using a value per share calculated by reducing the closing price of the stock on
the date of the 2016 annual meeting by 15%. The discount was intended to approximate the diminution in value created
by restrictions on trading imposed on insiders. The total fee compensation earned by the four non- employee directors
combined in Fiscal 2016 was $175,000. When traveling from out-of-town, the members of the Board of Directors are
also eligible for reimbursement for their travel expenses incurred in connection with attendance at Board meetings and
Board Committee meetings. Directors who are also employees do not receive any compensation for their participation
in Board or Board Committee meetings.
Pursuant to the 2008 Sonic Foundry Non-Employee Amended Directors Stock Option Plan (the “Directors Plan”) we
grant to each non-employee director who is reelected or who continues as a member of the Board of Directors at each
annual stockholders meeting a stock option to purchase 2,000 shares of Common Stock. Further, the chair of our Audit
Committee receives an additional stock option grant to purchase 500 shares of Common Stock per year pursuant to
Sonic’s Non-Employee Amended Directors Stock Option Plan.
The exercise price of each stock option granted was equal to the market price of Common Stock on the date the stock
option was granted. Stock options issued under the Directors Plan vest fully on the ﬁrst anniversary of the date of grant
and expire after ten years ﬁom date of grant. An aggregate of 100,000 shares are reserved for issuance under the Directors
Plan.
If any change is made in the stock subject to the Directors Plan, or subject to any option granted thereunder, the Directors
Plan and options outstanding thereunder will be appropriately adjusted as to the type(s), number of securities and price
per share of stock subject to such outstanding options.
The options and warrants set forth above have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the underlying
common stock on the date of grant. The term of all such options is ten years.
8