Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
While the pricing model, currently in use, captures all critical variables, unforeseen changes due to external market forces may
result in a revision of the inputs. These modifications may result in the consideration allocation differing from the one presently
in use. Absent a signiﬁcant change in the pricing inputs or the way in which the industry structures its transactions, future changes
in the pricing model are not expected to materially affect our allocation of arrangement consideration.
Management has established VSOE for hosting services. Billings for hosting are spread ratably over the term of the hosting
agreement, with the typical hosting agreement having a term of 1 year, with renewal on an annual basis. The Company sells most
hosting contracts without the inclusion of products. When the hosting arrangement is sold in conjunction with product, the product
revenue is recognized immediately while the remaining hosting revenue is spread ratably over the term of the hosting agreement.
The selling price is allocated between these elements using the relative selling price method. The Company uses ESP for
development of the selling price for hardware products with embedded software.
The Company also offers hosting services bundled with events services. The Company uses VSOE to establish relative selling
prices for its events services. The Company recognizes events revenue when the event takes place and recognizes the hosting
revenue over the term of the hosting agreement. The total amount of the arrangement is allocated to each element based on the
relative selling price method.
Reserves
The Company reserves for stock rotations, price adjustments, rebates, and sales incentives to reduce revenue and accounts
receivable for these and other credits granted to customers. Such reserves are recorded at the time of sale and are calculated based
on historical information (such as rates of product stock rotations) and the speciﬁc terms of sales programs, taking into account
any other known information about likely customer behavior. If actual customer behavior differs from our expectations, it may
compromise our ability to recognize revenue to these distributors at the time of shipment. Also, if the Company determines that
it can no longer accurately estimate amounts for stock rotations and sales incentives, the Company would not be able to recognize
revenue until resellers sell the inventory to the ﬁnal end user.
Shipping and Handling
The Company’s shipping and handling costs billed to customers are included in other revenue. Costs related to shipping and
handling are included in cost of revenue and are recorded at the time of shipment to the customer.
Concentration of Credit Risk and Other Risks and Uncertainties
As of September 30, 2016, of the $1.8 million in cash and cash equivalents, $185 thousand is deposited with 2 major US. financial
institutions. At times, deposits in these institutions exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. The Company has
not experienced any losses on such amounts and believes that it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on these balances.
The remaining $1.6 million of cash and cash equivalents is held by our foreign subsidiaries in financial institutions in Japan and
the Netherlands and held in their local currency. The cash held in foreign financial institutions is not guaranteed.
We assess the realization of our receivables by performing ongoing credit evaluations of our customers’ financial condition.
Through these evaluations, we may become aware of a situation where a customer may not be able to meet its financial obligations
due to deterioration of its financial viability, credit ratings or bankruptcy. Our reserve requirements are based on the best facts
available to us and are reevaluated and adjusted as additional information is received. Our reserves are also based on amounts
determined by using percentages applied to certain aged receivable categories. These percentages are determined by a variety of
factors including, but not limited to, current economic trends, historical payment and bad debt write-off experience. Allowance
for doubtful accounts for accounts receivable was $225,000 at September 30, 2016 and $150,000 at September 30, 2015.
52