Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
to customers, potential business distribution partners and other non-employees, we routinely require such persons to enter into
confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements. In addition, we require all employees, and those consultants involved in the
deployment of our services, to agree to assign to us any proprietary information, inventions or other intellectual property they
generate, or come to possess, while employed by us. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties
may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our services or technology. These precautions may not prevent misappropriation
or infringement of our intellectual property.
Third parties may infringe or misapprOpriate our copyrights, trademarks and similar proprietary rights. In addition, we may be
subject to claims of alleged infringement of patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties or may be required to
defend against alleged infringement claims filed against our customers due to indemnification agreements. We may be unaware
of ﬁled patent applications which have not yet been made public and which relate to our services.
Intellectual property claims may be asserted against us in the future. Intellectual property litigation is expensive and time-
consuming and could divert management’s attention away from running our business. Intellectual property litigation could also
require us to develop non-infringing technology or enter into royalty or license agreements. These royalty or license agreements,
if required, may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. Our failure or inability to develop non-infringing technology or
license the proprietary rights on a timely basis would harm our business.
Research and Development
We believe that our future success will depend in part on our ability to continue to develop new business, and to enhance our
existing business. Accordingly, we invest a signiﬁcant amount of our resources in research and development activities. During
the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we spent $6.8 million and $6.3 million, respectively, on internal research
and development activities in our business. These amounts represent 18% and 17%, respectively, of total revenue in each of those
years. The increase reﬂects our decision to accelerate development on identified new products as well as enhancements to existing
products.
Global Expansion
We acquired Sonic Foundry International in the Netherlands and Mediasite K in Japan in fiscal 2014. With these acquisitions,
we significantly expanded our global market reach in the Asia-Pacific Region and Europe, and accelerate our commitment to
enterprise video communication world-wide.
Employees
At September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had 205 and 202 full-time employees, respectively. Our employees are not represented by
a labor union, nor are they subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We have never experienced a work stoppage and believe
that our employee relations are satisfactory.
13