Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
If we lose key personnel or fail to integrate replacement personnel successfully, our ability to manage our business could be
impaired
Our future success depends upon the continued service of our key management, technical, sales and other critical personnel,
particularly our Chief Executive Officer. Most of our oﬁicers and other key personnel are employees-at—will, and we cannot
assure that we will be able to retain them. Key personnel have left our company in the past, sometimes to accept employment
with companies that sell similar products or services to existing or potential customers of ours. There will likely be additional
departures of key personnel from time to time in the future and such departures could result in additional competition, loss of
customers or confusion in the marketplace. As we seek to replace such departures, or expand our business, the hiring of qualified
sales, technical and support personnel has been diﬁicult due to the limited number of qualified professionals. The loss of any key
employee could result in significant disruptions to our operations, including adversely affecting the timeliness of product releases,
the successful implementation and completion of company initiatives and the results of our operations. In addition, we do not
have life insurance policies on any of our key employees. If we lose the services of any of our key employees, the integration of
replacement personnel could be time consuming, may cause disruptions to our operations and may be unsuccessful.
We face risks associated with government regulation of the internet and related legal uncertainties.
Currently, few existing laws or regulations specifically apply to the Internet, other than laws generally applicable to businesses.
Many Internet-related laws and regulations, however, are pending and may be adopted in the United States, in individual states
and local jurisdictions and in other countries. These laws may relate to many areas that impact our business, including encryption,
network and information security, and the convergence of traditional communication services, such as telephone services, with
Internet communications, taxes and wireless networks. These types of regulations could differ between countries and other
political and geographic divisions both inside and outside the United States. Non-US. countries and political organizations may
impose, or favor, more and different regulation than that which has been proposed in the United States, thus furthering the
complexity of regulation. In addition, state and local governments within the United States may impose regulations in addition
to, inconsistent with, or stricter than federal regulations. The adoption of such laws or regulations, and uncertainties associated
with their validity, interpretation, applicability and enforcement, may affect the available distribution channels for, and the costs
associated with, our products and services. The adoption of such laws and regulations may harm our business.
Exercise of outstanding options and warrants will result in further dilution.
The issuance of shares of common stock upon the exercise of our outstanding options and warrants will result in dilution to the
interests of our stockholders, and may reduce the trading price of our common stock.
At September 30, 2016, we had 135 thousand outstanding warrants and 1.6 million of outstanding stock options granted under
our stock option plans, 1.2 million of which are immediately exercisable.
To the extent that these stock options are exercised, dilution to the interests of our stockholders will likely occur. Additional
options and warrants may be issued in the future at prices not less than 85% of the fair market value of the underlying security
on the date of grant. Exercises of these options, or even the potential of their exercise may have an adverse eﬁect on the trading
price of our common stock. The holders of our options are likely to exercise them at times when the market price of the common
stock exceeds the exercise price of the securities. Accordingly, the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the
options will likely result in dilution of the equity represented by the then outstanding shares of common stock held by other
stockholders. Holders of our options can be expected to exercise or convert them at a time when we would, in all likelihood, be
able to obtain any needed capital on terms, which are more favorable to us than the exercise terms provided, by these options.
Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards may be limited.
The use of our net operating loss carryforwards may have limitations resulting from certain future ownership changes, time
limitations or other factors under the Internal Revenue Code and other taxing authorities.
28