Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Annual Report on Form 10-K
For the Year Ended September 30, 2016
PART III
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The information required by Item 10 of Form 10-K with respect to directors and executive officers is incorporated herein by
reference to the information contained in the section entitled “Proposal One: Election of Directors” and “Executive Ofﬁcers of
Sonic”, respectively, in the Company’s deﬁnitive Proxy Statement to be ﬁled with the Securities and Exchange Commission in
connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company’s 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed no later
than January 28, 2017 (the “Proxy Statement”).
Item 405 of Regulation S-K calls for disclosure of any known late filings or failure by an insider to file a report required by
Section 16(a) of the Securities Act. This information is contained in the Section entitled “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance” in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 401 of Regulation S-K calls for disclosure of whether or not the Company has a financial expert serving on the audit
committee of its Board of Directors, and if so who that individual is. This information is contained in the Section entitled
“Meetings and Committees of Directors” in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 407 of Regulation S-K calls for disclosure of whether or not the Company has an audit committee and a financial expert
serving on the audit committee of the Board of Directors, and if so, who that individual is. Item 407 also requires disclosure
regarding the Company’s nominating committee and the director nomination process. This information is contained in the section
entitled “Meetings and Committees of Directors” in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
Sonic Foundry has adopted a code of ethics that applies to all officers and employees, including Sonic Foundry’s principal
executive ofﬁcer, its principal ﬁnancial officer, and persons performing similar functions. This code of ethics is available, without
charge, to any investor who requests it. Requests should be addressed in writing to Mr. Kenneth A. Minor, Corporate Secretary,
222 West Washington Avenue, Madison, Wisconsin 53703.
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
The information required by Item 11 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference to the information contained in the sections
entitled “Directors Compensation”, “Executive Compensation and Related Information” and “Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation” in the Proxy Statement.
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
The information required by Item 12 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference to the information contained in the sections
entitled “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” in the Proxy Statement. Information related to
equity compensation plans is set forth in Item 5 herein.
75