disclosure committee, compiles an annual ranking of risks to which the Company could be subjected and reviews the
results of this risk assessment with the audit committee. Any significant risks are then reviewed by the board and
assigned for oversight. In fulfilling this oversight role, our board focuses on understanding the nature of our enterprise
risks, including our operations and strategic direction, as well as the adequacy of our risk management process and
overall risk management system. There are a number of ways our board performs this function, including the
following:
- at its regularly scheduled meetings, the board receives management updates on our business operations,
financial results and strategy and discusses risks related to the business;
- the audit committee assists the board in its oversight of risk management by discussing with management,
particularly, the Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, our guidelines and policies regarding ﬁnancial and enterprise risk
management and risk appetite, including major risk exposures, and the steps management has taken to monitor
and control such exposures; and
- through management updates and committee reports, the board monitors our risk management activities,
including the annual risk assessment process, risks relating to our compensation programs, and financial and
operational risks being managed by the Company.
The board of directors also has oversight responsibility for risks and exposures related to employee compensation
programs and management succession planning, and assesses whether the organization’s compensation practices
encourage risk taking that would have a material adverse effect on the Company. The compensation committee
periodically reviews the structure and elements of our compensation programs and its policies and practices that
manage or mitigate such risk, including the balance of short-term and long-term incentives, use of multiple
performance measures, and a multi-year vesting schedule for long-term incentives. Based on these reviews, the
committee believes our compensation programs do not encourage excessive risk taking.
Board Structure and Meetings
The Board met five times during Fiscal 2016. The Board also acted by written consent from time to time. All directors
attended at least 75% of the total number of Board meetings and committee meetings on which they serve (during the
period in which each director served). In addition, NASDAQ marketplace rules contemplate that the independent
members of our Board will meet during the year in separate closed meetings referred to as “executive sessions” without
any employee director or executive officer present. Executive sessions were usually held after regularly scheduled
Board meetings during Fiscal 2016.
The Board of Directors has four standing committees, the Audit Committee, the Executive Compensation Committee,
the Governance Committee and the Nominations Committee.
Sonic has a standing audit committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Members of the Audit Committee are Messrs. Kleinman (chair),
Burish and Wiegand. Sonic’s Board of Directors has determined that all members of Sonic’s Audit Committee are
“independent” as that term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act and as defined under
Nasdaq listing standards. The Audit Committee provides assistance to the Board in fulﬁlling its oversight responsibility
including: (i) internal and external financial reporting, (ii) risks and controls related to ﬁnancial reporting, and (iii) the
internal and external audit process. The Audit Committee is also responsible for recommending to the Board the selection
of our independent public accountants and for reviewing all related party transactions. The Audit Committee met ﬁve
times in Fiscal 2016. A copy of the charter of the Audit Committee is available on Sonic’s website.
Sonic's Board of Directors has determined that, due to his afﬁliation with the Chicago Booth School of Business at the
University of Chicago, and due to his current and past service as a director on numerous company boards, and
membership on numerous audit committees, including chair, along with his other academic and business credentials, Mr.
Kleinman has the requisite experience and applicable background to meet Nasdaq standards requiring ﬁnancial
6