services as a separate single element arrangement. The revenue related to these services is recognized as the service is
performed.
We defer all direct and relevant costs associated with implementation of long-term customer contracts to the extent such
costs can be recovered through guaranteed contract revenues.
Service revenues
Service revenues consist of revenues from consulting, implementation, training and integration services. These services
are set forth separately in the contractual arrangements such that the total price of the customer arrangement is expected to vary
as a result of the inclusion or exclusion of these services. For those contracts where the services are not essential to the
functionality of any other element of the transaction, we determine VSOE of fair value for these services based upon normal
pricing and discounting practices for these services when sold separately. These consulting and implementation services
contracts are primarily time and materials based contracts that are, on average, less than six months in length. Revenues from
these services are recognized at the time such services are performed.
We also enter into contracts that are primarily fixed fee arrangements wherein the services are not essential to the
functionality of a software element. In such cases, the proportional performance method is applied to recognize revenues.
Revenues from training and integration services are recognized in the period in which these services are performed.
Customer support revenues
Customer support revenues consist of revenues derived from contracts to provide PCS to license holders. These revenues
are recognized ratably over the term of the contract. Advance billings of PCS are not recorded to the extent that the term of the
PCS has not commenced and payment has not been received.
Deferred revenues
Deferred revenues primarily relate to support agreements which have been paid for by customers prior to the performance
of those services. Generally, the services will be provided in the twelve months after the signing of the agreement.
Long-term sales contracts
We may enter into certain long-term sales contracts involving the sale of integrated solutions that include the modification
and customization of software and the provision of services that are essential to the functionality of the other elements in this
arrangement. As prescribed by ASC T0pic 985-605, we recognize revenues from such arrangements in accordance with the
contract accounting guidelines in ASC T0pic 605-35, “Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts” (Topic 605-35), after
evaluating for separation of any non-Topic 605-35 elements in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 605-25, “Multiple-
Element Arrangements” (Topic 605-25).
When circumstances exist that allow us to make reasonably dependable estimates of contract revenues, contract costs and
the progress of the contract to completion, we account for sales under such long-term contracts using the percentage-of-
completion (POC) method of accounting. Under the POC method, progress towards completion of the contract is measured
based upon either input measures or output measures. We measure progress towards completion based upon an input measure
and calculate this as the proportion of the actual hours incurred compared to the total estimated hours. For training and
integration services rendered under such contracts, revenues are recognized as the services are rendered. We will review, on a
quarterly basis, the total estimated remaining costs to completion for each of these contracts and apply the impact of any
changes on the POC prospectively. If at any time we anticipate that the estimated remaining costs to completion will exceed the
value of the contract, the resulting loss will be recognized immediately.
When circumstances exist that prevent us from making reasonably dependable estimates of contract revenues, we account
for sales under such long-term contracts using the completed contract method.
Sales to resellers and channel partners
We execute certain sales contracts through resellers and distributors (collectively, resellers) and also large, well-
capitalized partners such as SAP AG and Accenture Inc. (collectively, channel partners).
We recognize revenues relating to sales through resellers and channel partners when all the recognition criteria have been
met, in other words, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred in the reporting period, the fee is fixed
and determinable, and collectability is probable. In addition we assess the creditworthiness of each reseller and if the reseller is
newly formed, undercapitalized or in financial diﬁiculty any revenues expected to emanate from such resellers are deferred and
recognized only when cash is received and all other revenue recognition criteria are met.
120