Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans
The following table sets forth summary information relating to our various stock compensation plans as of June 30, 2016:
Number of securities
remaining available
for future issuance
Number of securities Weighted average under equity
to be issued upon exercise exercise price compensation plans
Plan Category of outstanding options, of outstanding options, (excluding securities
7 warrants, and rights warrants, and rights reﬂected in column a) 7
| (a) (b) (c) 1
Equity compensation plans approved
by security holders: 4,177,408 $43.87 2,749,830
Equity compensation plans not
approved by security holders :
Under deferred stock unit awards 217,092 n/a —
Under performance stock unit
[ awards 241,232 n/a — ]
Under restricted stock unit awards 486,994 n/a —
[Total 5,122,726 n/a 2,749,830 1
For more information regarding stock compensation plans, please refer to note 12 "Share Capital, Option Plans and
Share-Based Payments" to our Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Related Transactions Policy and Director Independence
We have adopted a written policy that all transactional agreements between us and our officers, directors and affiliates
will be first approved by a majority of the independent directors. Once these agreements are approved, payments made
pursuant to the agreements are approved by the members of our Audit Committee.
Our procedure regarding the approval of any related party transaction is that the material facts of such transaction shall be
reviewed by the independent members of our Audit Committee and the transaction approved by a majority of the independent
members of our Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reviews all transactions wherein we are, or will be a participant and
any related party has or will have a direct or indirect interest. In determining whether to approve a related party transaction, the
Audit Committee generally takes into account, among other facts it deems apprOpriate: whether the transaction is on terms no
less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances; the extent
and nature of the related person's interest in the transaction; the benefits to the company of the proposed transaction; if
applicable, the effects on a director's independence; and if applicable, the availability of other sources of comparable services or
products.
The Board has determined that all directors, except Messrs. Barrenechea, Jenkins and Sadler, meet the independence
requirements under the NASDAQ Listing Rules and qualify as “independent directors” under those Listing Rules. Mr.
Barrenechea is not considered independent by virtue of being our Chief Executive Oﬂicer and Chief Technology Officer.
Subject to compliance with the rules of NASDAQ and the Canadian Securities Administrators, Mr. Jenkins will be considered
an “independent director” as of January 1, 2017 (which is three years following termination of his last employment with the
Company). See “Transactions with Related Persons” below with respect to payments made to Mr. Sadler. Each of the members
of our Compensation Committee, Audit Committee and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is an independent
director.
Transactions With Related Persons
One of our directors, Mr. Sadler, received consulting fees for assistance with acquisition-related business activities
pursuant to a consulting agreement with the Company. Mr. Sadler's consulting agreement, which was adopted by way of board
resolution eﬁective July 1, 2011, is for an indefinite period. The material terms of the agreement are as follows: Mr. Sadler is
paid at the rate of Canadian dollars (CAD) $450 per hour for services relating to his consulting agreement. In addition, he is
eligible to receive a bonus fee equivalent to 1.0% of the acquired company's revenues, up to CAD $10.0 million in revenue,
plus an additional amount of 0.5% of the acquired company's revenues above CAD $10.0 million. The total bonus fee payable,
for any given fiscal year, is subject to an annual limit of CAD $450,000 per single acquisition and an aggregate annual limit of
102