OpenT ext and Microsoft Corporation (Microsoft)
Our strategic alliance with Microsoft offers integration between our EIM solutions and Microsoft's desktop, cloud and
server products, such as Microsoft SharePoint and Exchange, as well as Oﬂice 365 and SharePoint online. Microsoft and
OpenText have partnered to drive the creation of comprehensive business and industry-specific EIM solutions leveraging
customers' significant investments in the Microsoft platform and productivity applications. We provide support for Microsoft
platforms such as Windows and SQL Server and integration with many Microsoft products such as Exchange, Rights
Management and Windows Azure. The integration of our solutions with Microsoft Office and SharePoint allows an OpenText
customer to work with information from ERP, CRM, EIM and other enterprise applications from within the Microsoft
SharePoint or Microsoft Office interface.
OpenT ext and Oracle Corporation (Oracle)
For more than ten years, OpenText has developed innovative solutions for Oracle applications that enhance the
experience and productivity of users working with these tools. OpenText is committed to continued development that extends
and enhances the Oracle application and technology portfolio. Our partnership extends our enterprise solutions framework with
integration between OpenText and Oracle eBusiness Suite, analogous to our integration with SAP.
Our global systems integrators are:
Accenture plc (Accenture)
Accenture, a global management consulting, technology services and outsourcing company, is one of our systems
integrator partners. Together we provide strategic EIM solutions. Accenture's extensive experience with enterprise-rollout
planning and design, combined with our EIM technology, provides solutions designed to address an organization's EIM
requirements.
Deloitte Consulting LLP (Deloitte)
Deloitte is also one of our systems integrator partners. Together, we help organizations build value through improved
ECM performance. Deloitte's services provide value across human capital, strategy and operations, and technology within
multiple industries.
Other System Integrators
Other OpenText systems integrator partners include Cap Gemini Inc., CGI Group Inc. (through its acquisition of Logica
plc), ATOS SE, EY and others.
International Markets
We provide our product offerings worldwide. Our geographic coverage allows us to draw on business and technical
expertise from a geographically diverse workforce, providing greater stability to our operations and revenue streams by
diversifying our portfolio to better mitigate against the risks of a single geographically focused business.
There are inherent risks to conducting operations internationally. For more information about these risks, see “Risk
Factors” included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Competition
The market for our products and services is highly competitive, subject to rapid technological change and shifting
customer needs and economic pressures. We compete with multiple companies, some that have single or narrow solutions and
some that have a range of information management solutions, like ourselves. Our competitors include International Business
Machines Corporation (IBM), EMC Corporation (EMC), Hewlett Packard Enterprise and Adobe Inc. In certain markets,
OpenText competes with Oracle and Microsoft, who are also our partners. In addition there are numerous, other niche software
vendors in the Information Management sector, such as j2 Inc. and Pegasystems Inc., that compete with OpenText in certain
segments of the EIM market. We also face competition from systems integrators that configure hardware and software into
customized systems. Additionally, new competitors or alliances among existing competitors may emerge and could rapidly
acquire additional market share. We also expect that competition will increase as a result of ongoing software industry
consolidation.
We believe that the principal competitive factors aﬁecting the market for our software products and services include:
(i) vendor and product reputation; (ii) product quality, performance and price; (iii) the availability of software products on
multiple platforms; (iv) product scalability; (V) product integration with other enterprise applications; (vi) software
functionality and features; (vii) software ease of use; (viii) the quality of professional services, customer support services and
training; and (ix) the ability to address specific customer business problems. We believe the relative importance of each of these
factors depends upon the concerns and needs of each specific customer.
10