- investment power which includes the power to dispose, or to direct the disposition of, such security.
Also, Common Shares will be valued at the greater of their book value (i.e., purchase price) or the current market value.
On an annual basis, the Compensation Committee reviews the recommended ownership levels under the Share Ownership
Guidelines and the compliance by our executive officers and directors with the Share Ownership Guidelines.
The Board implemented the Share Ownership Guidelines in October 2009 and recommends that equity ownership levels
be achieved within five years of becoming a member of the executive leadership team, including Named Executive Oﬁicers.
The Board also recommends that the executive leadership team retain their ownership levels for so long as they remain
members of the executive leadership team.
Named Executive Oﬁicers
Named Executive Officers may achieve these Share Ownership Guidelines through the exercise of stock option awards,
purchases under the OpenText Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), through open market purchases made in compliance
with applicable securities laws or through any equity plan(s) we may adopt from time to time providing for the acquisition of
Common Shares. Until the Share Ownership Guidelines are met, it is recommended that a Named Executive Oﬂiicer retain a
portion of any stock option exercise or LTIP award in Common Shares to contribute to the achievement of the Share Ownership
Guidelines. Common Shares issuable pursuant to the unexercised options shall not be counted towards meeting the equity
ownership target.
As of the date of this Annual Report on Form lO-K, Messrs. Barrenechea, Davies, and Majzoub comply with the Share
Ownership Guidelines for Fiscal 2016. Messrs. Doolittle and Murphy, each of whom has only become subject to these
guidelines within the past five years, have five years from becoming subject to these guidelines to achieve the equity ownership
guidelines required by his position.
Directors
With respect to non-management directors, both Common Shares and deferred stock units (DSUs) are counted towards
the achievement of the Share Ownership Guidelines. Effective February 2, 2010, the Board adopted the Directors’ Deferred
Share Unit Plan (DSU Plan), whereby any non-management director of the Company may elect to defer all or part of his or her
retainer and/or fees in the form of common stock equivalents. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form lO-K, all non-
management directors have exceeded the Share Ownership Guidelines applicable to them, which is three times their annual
retainer. For further details, see the table below titled “Director Compensation for Fiscal 2016”.
Insider Trading Policy
All of our employees, officers and directors, including our Named Executive Oﬁicers, are required to comply with our
Insider Trading Policy. Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits the purchase, sale or trade of our securities with the knowledge of
material inside information. In addition, our Insider Trading Policy prohibits our employees, officers and directors, including
our Named Executive Oﬁicers, from, directly or indirectly, short selling any security of the Company or entering into any other
arrangement that results in a gain only if the value of the Company's securities decline in the future, selling a “call option”
giving the holder an option to purchase securities of the Company, or buying a “put option” giving the holder an option to sell
securities of the Company. The definition of “trading in securities” includes any derivatives-based, monetization, non-recourse
loan or similar arrangement that changes the insider’s economic exposure to or interest in securities of the Company and which
may not necessarily involve a sale.
All grants of stock options are subject to our Insider Trading Policy and as a result, stock options may not be granted
during the “blackout” period beginning on the fifteenth day of the last month of each quarter and ending at the beginning of the
second trading day following the date on which the Company’s quarterly or annual financial results, as applicable, have been
publicly released. If the Board approves the issuance of stock options during the blackout period, these stock options are not
granted until the blackout period is over. The price at which stock options are granted is not less than the closing price of the
Company ’s Common Shares on the trading day for the NASDAQ market immediately preceding the applicable grant date.
Tax Deductibility of Compensation
Under Section 162(m) of the United States Internal Revenue Code (or Section 162(m)) publicly-held corporations cannot
deduct compensation paid in excess of $1,000,000 to certain executive oﬁicers in any taxable year. Certain compensation paid
under plans that are “performance-based” (which means compensation paid only if the individual's performance meets pre-
established objective goals based upon performance criteria approved by shareowners) are not subject to the $1,000,000 annual
limit. Although our compensation policy is designed to link compensation to performance, payments in excess of $1,000,000
made pursuant to any of our compensation plans to United States-based executives may not be deductible under Section 162
(m).
88