Company does not expect to calculate its earnings and profits for US. federal income tax purposes, the effect of this rule may
be to treat all or a portion of any dividends paid by the Company as US. source income, which in turn may limit a US.
holder’s ability to claim a foreign tax credit for the Canadian withholding taxes payable in respect of the dividends. Subject to
limitations, the Code permits a US. holder entitled to benefits under the Convention to elect to treat any dividends paid by the
Company as foreign-source income for foreign tax credit purposes. The foreign tax credit rules are complex. U.S. holders
should consult their own tax advisors with respect to the implications of those rules for their investments in the Common
Shares.
Sale, Exchange, Redemption or Other Disposition of Common Shares
Subject to the discussion below under “Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules,” the sale of Common Shares
generally will result in the recognition of gain or loss to a US. holder in an amount equal to the difference between the amount
realized and the US. holder’s adjusted basis in the Common Shares. A US. holder’s tax basis in a Common Share will
generally equal the price it paid for the Common Share. Any capital gain or loss will be long-term if the Common Shares have
been held for more than one year. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.
Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules
Special US. federal income tax rules apply to US. persons owning shares of a PFIC. The Company will be classified as a
PF IC in a particular taxable year if either: (i) 75 percent or more of the Company’s gross income for the taxable year is passive
income, or (ii) the average percentage of the value of the Company’s assets that produce or are held for the production of
passive income is at least 50 percent. If the Company is treated as a PFIC for any year, US. holders may be subject to adverse
tax consequences upon a sale, exchange, or other disposition of the Common Shares, or upon the receipt of certain “excess
distributions” in respect of the Common Shares. Dividends paid by a PF IC are not qualified dividends eligible for taxation at
preferential rates. Based on audited consolidated financial statements, we believe that the Company was not treated as a PF IC
for US. federal income tax purposes with respect to its 2015 or 2016 taxable years. In addition, based on a review of the
Company’s audited consolidated financial statements and its current expectations regarding the value and nature of its assets
and the sources and nature of its income, the Company does not anticipate becoming a PFIC for the 2017 taxable year.
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding
Except in the case of corporations or other exempt holders, dividends paid to a US. holder may be subject to US.
information reporting requirements and may be subject to backup withholding unless the US. holder provides an accurate
taxpayer identification number on a properly completed IRS Form W—9 and certifies that no loss of exemption from backup
withholding has occurred. The amount of any backup withholding will be allowed as a credit against the US. holder’s US.
federal income tax liability and may entitle the US. holder to a refund, provided that certain required information is timely
furnished to the IRS.
Item 6. Selected Financial Data
The following table summarizes our selected consolidated financial data for the periods indicated. The selected
consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes and
“Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” appearing elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. The selected consolidated statement of income and balance sheet data for each of the five fiscal years
indicated below has been derived from our audited Consolidated Financial Statements. Over the last five fiscal years we have
acquired a number of companies including, but not limited to ANX, CEM Business, Daegis, Actuate, GXS, EasyLink, and
Global 360. The results of these companies and all of our previously acquired companies have been included herein and have
contributed to the growth in our revenues, net income and net income per share and such acquisitions aﬁect period-to-period
comparability.
3 1