Our indebtedness could limit our operations and opportunities.
Our debt service obligations could have an adverse effect on our earnings and cash ﬂows for as long as the indebtedness
is outstanding, which could reduce the availability of our cash ﬂow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions
and other general corporate purposes.
As of June 30, 2016, our credit facilities consisted of a $800 million term loan facility (Term Loan B) and a $300 million
committed revolving credit facility (the Revolver). Borrowings under Term Loan B and the Revolver, if any, are or will be
secured by a first charge over substantially all of our assets.
Repayments made under Term Loan B are equal to 0.25% of the original principal amount in equal quarterly installments
for the life of Term Loan B, with the remainder due at maturity. The terms of Term Loan B and the Revolver include customary
restrictive covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to take actions
that could be in our best interests. These restrictive covenants include certain limitations on our ability to make investments,
loans and acquisitions, incur additional debt, incur liens and encumbrances, consolidate, amalgamate or merge with any other
person, dispose of assets, make certain restricted payments, including a limit on dividends on equity securities or payments to
redeem, repurchase or retire equity securities or other indebtedness, engage in transactions with aﬂfiliates, materially alter the
business we conduct, and enter into certain restrictive agreements. Term Loan B and the Revolver includes a financial covenant
relating to a maximum consolidated net leverage ratio, which could restrict our operations, particularly our ability to respond to
changes in our business or to take specified actions. Our failure to comply with any of the covenants that are included in Term
Loan B and the Revolver could result in a default under the terms thereof, which could permit the lenders thereunder to declare
all or part of any outstanding borrowings to be immediately due and payable.
As of June 30, 2016, we also have $800 million in aggregate principal amount of our 5.625% senior unsecured notes due
2023 (Senior Notes 2023) and $600 million in aggregate principal amount of our 5.875% senior unsecured notes due 2026
(Senior Notes 2026, and with the Senior Notes 2023, the Senior Notes) outstanding, both respectively issued in private
placements to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act and to certain persons in offshore
transactions pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. Our failure to comply with any of the covenants that are
included in the indentures governing the Senior Notes could result in a default under the terms thereof, which could result in all
or a portion of the Senior Notes to be immediately due and payable.
The risks discussed above would be increased to the extent that we engage in acquisitions that involve the incurrence of
material additional debt, or the acquisition of businesses with material debt, and such incurrences or acquisitions could
potentially negatively impact the ratings or outlook of the rating agencies on our outstanding debt securities.
For more details see note 10 "Long-Term Debt" to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 2. Properties
Our properties consist of owned and leased office facilities for sales, support, research and development, consulting and
administrative personnel, totaling approximately 336,000 square feet of owned facilities and approximately 1,695,000 square
feet of leased facilities.
Owned Facilities
Waterloo, Ontario, Canada
Our headquarters is located in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, and it consists of approximately 232,000 square feet. The land
upon which the buildings stand is leased from the University of Waterloo for a period of 49 years beginning in December 2005,
with an option to renew for an additional term of 49 years. The option to renew is exercisable by us upon providing written
notice to the University of Waterloo not earlier than the 40th anniversary and not later than the 45th anniversary of the lease
commencement date.
Brook Park, Ohio, United States
As part of our acquisition of GXS we acquired a building, along with its land, located in Brook Park, Ohio, that consists
of approximately 104,000 square feet. This building is used primarily as a data center.
25