President of Development at Tesseract, where he was responsible for reshaping the company's line of human capital
management software. Mr. Barrenechea serves as a member of the Board and Audit Committee of Dick's Sporting Goods. Mr.
Barrenechea holds a Bachelor of Science degree in computer science from Saint Michael's College. Mr. Barrenechea has
authored several books including On Digital, Digital: Disrupt or Die, eGovernment or Out of Government, Enterprise
Information Management: The Next Generation of Enterprise Software, Software Rules and e-Business or out of Business.
Steve Murphy
Mr. Murphy joined OpenText as its President in January 2016 and is responsible for all customer-facing activities
including Sales, Marketing, Partners & Alliances, Global Technical Services, Customer Support, Professional Services, Sales
Operations and Cloud Services. Mr. Murphy brings more than 20 years of experience in technology as an operations and
logistics executive, including leadership positions at Oracle Corporation (Oracle), Sun Microsystems Inc. (Sun Microsystems),
Accenture plc (Accenture) and Procter & Gamble Co (P&G). Mr. Murphy held a number of different sales and logistics roles at
Oracle and Sun Microsystems, including Senior Vice President of Services in North America for Oracle from June 2013 to
December 2015, and Vice President and General Manager for Sun Microsystems, which was acquired by Oracle in 2010, from
November 2004 to May 2013. Mr. Murphy also held various positions in manufacturing, logistics operations and technology
deployment at Accenture from 1998 to 2000 and at P&G from 1991 to 1996. Mr. Murphy has an MBA from Harvard Business
School and a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from University California, Davis.
John Doolittle
Mr. Doolittle joined OpenText as Chief Financial Oﬂicer in September 2014. Mr. Doolittle has experience in taxation,
financial planning and analysis, treasury, and mergers and acquisitions. With more than 20 years of financial experience, Mr.
Doolittle was most recently the Chief Financial Officer of Mattamy Homes from 2012 to 2014. Prior to joining Mattamy, Mr.
Doolittle held senior financial roles with Nortel Networks Corporation, including serving as its Chief Financial Officer from
2009 to 2012. In the past, Mr. Doolittle has also served as the Vice-President of Finance for the Bank of Montreal’s Global
Treasury Group from 1997 to 1999. Mr. Doolittle holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from McMaster University and is a
Chartered Professional Accountant (Ontario) (1988).
Gordon A. Davies
Mr. Davies joined OpenText as Chief Legal Officer in September 2009. Mr. Davies also serves as the Company's
Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer, and has responsibility for Corporate Development and the Program
Management Office. Prior to joining OpenText, Mr. Davies was the Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary of Nortel
Networks Corporation. During his sixteen years at Nortel, Mr. Davies acted as Deputy General Counsel and Corporate
Secretary during 2008, and as interim Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary in 2005 and again in 2007. He led the
Corporate Securities legal team as General Counsel-Corporate from 2003, with responsibility for providing legal support on all
corporate and securities law matters, and spent five years in Europe supporting all aspects of the Europe, Middle East and
Africa (EMEA) business, ultimately as General Counsel, EMEA. Prior to joining Nortel, Mr. Davies practiced securities law at
a major Toronto law firm. Mr. Davies holds an LL.B and an MBA from the University of Ottawa, and a BA. from the
University of British Columbia. He is a member of the Law Society of Upper Canada, the Canadian Bar Association, the
Association of Canadian General Counsel and the Society of Corporate Secretaries and Governance Professionals.
Prentiss Donohue
Mr. Donohue joined OpenText as Senior Vice President of Professional Services in April 2016. He brings over 20 years of
experience in support and services management. Prior to joining OpenText, Mr. Donohue served as Group Vice President and
General Manager of Advanced Customer Services for Oracle Corporation from January 2010 to March 2016, where he was
responsible for driving Oracle’s innovative software, systems and cloud services. From April 1998 to December 2010, Mr.
Donohue worked at Sun Microsystems in various leadership roles, including in Managed Services Management and Corporate
Marketing. Mr. Donohue served on the board of directors of Summit Charter School until May 2016. Mr. Donohue holds a BA
from the University of Colorado and has completed executive leadership programs at the University of Michigan’s Ross School
of Business and the University of Hong Kong.
Simon Harrision
Mr. Harrison has served as the Company’s Senior Vice President of Enterprise Sales since May 2015. Prior to this, Mr.
Harrison, who joined the Company through its acquisition of IXOS AG, has held a number of senior leadership roles, including
serving as its Senior Vice President of Fast Growth Markets from 2014 to 2015 and as the Company’s Senior Vice President of
Sales for the EMEA region from 2012 to 2014. Mr. Harrison holds an honors degree in Computer Science from Leeds
University.
72