Contingencies
As we have previously disclosed, the United States Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is examining certain of our tax returns
for our fiscal year ended June 30, 2010 (Fiscal 2010) through our fiscal year ended June 30, 2012 (Fiscal 2012), and in
connection with those examinations is reviewing our internal reorganization in Fiscal 2010 to consolidate certain intellectual
property ownership in Luxembourg and Canada and our integration of certain acquisitions into the resulting structure. We also
previously disclosed that the examinations may lead to proposed adjustments to our taxes that may be material, individually or
in the aggregate, and that we have not recorded any material accruals for any such potential adjustments in our Consolidated
Financial Statements.
As part of these examinations, (which are ongoing), on July 17, 2015 we received from the IRS a Notice of Proposed
Adjustment (“NOPA”) in draft form proposing a one-time approximately $280 million increase to our US. federal taxes arising
from the reorganization in Fiscal 2010 and proposing penalties equal to 20% of the additional taxes, plus interest at the
applicable statutory rate (which will continue to accrue until the matter is resolved and may be substantial). A NOPA is an IRS
position and does not impose an obligation to pay tax. The draft NOPA may be changed before the final NOPA is issued,
including because the IRS reserved the right in the draft NOPA to increase the adjustment. Based on discussions with the IRS,
we expect we will receive an additional NOPA proposing an approximately $80 million increase to our US. federal taxes for
Fiscal 2012 arising from the integration of Global 360 Holding Corp. into the structure that resulted from the reorganization,
accompanied by proposed penalties and interest (although there can be no assurance that this will be the amount reﬂected in the
NOPA when received, including because the IRS may assign a higher value to our intellectual property). Depending upon the
outcome of these matters, additional state income taxes plus penalties and interest may be due. We currently estimate that, as of
June 30, 2016, adjustments under the draft NOPA in its present form and the anticipated additional NOPA could result in an
aggregate liability of approximately $550 million, inclusive of US. federal and state taxes, penalties and interest.
We strongly disagree with the IRS’ position and intend to vigorously contest the proposed adjustments to our taxable
income. We are examining various alternatives available to taxpayers to contest the proposed adjustments. Any such
alternatives could involve a lengthy process and result in the incurrence of significant expenses. As of the date of this Annual
Report on Form lO-K, we have not recorded any material accruals in respect of these examinations in our Consolidated
Financial Statements. An adverse outcome of these tax examinations could have a material adverse effect on our financial
position and results of operations.
As part of our acquisition of GXS, we have inherited a tax dispute in Brazil between the Company’s subsidiary, GXS
Tecnologia da Informacao (Brasil) Ltda. (GXS Brazil), and the municipality of Sao Paulo, in connection with GXS Brazil’s
judicial appeal of a tax claim in the amount of $2.5 million as of June 30, 2016. We currently have in place a bank guarantee in
the amount of $3.7 million in recognition of this dispute. However, we believe that the position of the Sao Paulo tax authorities
is not consistent with the relevant facts and based on information available on the case and other similar matters provided by
local counsel, we believe that we can defend our position and that no tax is owed. Although we believe that the facts support
our position, the ultimate outcome of this matter could result in a loss of up to the claim amount discussed above, plus future
interest or penalties that may accrue.
Historically, prior to our acquisition of GXS, GXS would charge certain costs to its subsidiaries, including GXS Brazil,
primarily based on historical transfer pricing studies that were intended to reﬂect the costs incurred by subsidiaries in relation
to services provided by the parent company to the subject subsidiary. GXS recorded taxes on amounts billed, that were
considered to be due based on the intercompany charges. GXS subsequently re-evaluated its intercompany charges to GXS
Brazil and related taxes and, upon taking into consideration the current environment and judicial proceedings in Brazil,
concluded that it was probable that certain indirect taxes would be assessable and payable based upon the accrual of such
intercompany charges and has approximately $4.9 million accrued for the probable amount of a settlement related to the
indirect taxes, interest and penalties.
Our Indian subsidiary, GXS India Technology Centre Private Limited (GXS India), is subject to potential assessments by
Indian tax authorities in the city of Bangalore. GXS India has received assessment orders from the Indian tax authorities
alleging that the transfer price applied to intercompany transactions was not apprOpriate. Based on advice from our tax
advisors, we believe that the facts that the Indian tax authorities are using to support their assessment are incorrect. We have
filed appeals and anticipate an eventual settlement with the Indian tax authorities. We have accrued $1.5 million to cover our
anticipated financial exposure in this matter.
Please also see "Risk Factors" elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form lO-K.
66