A o
o A
O
om 5W§Eﬂ©ﬂ®§ﬁ3§9
>3) MM 2016 mam ex - :o_.- aryfountional mﬁmwen
we demons i t ed mm defined delivered mam acquisition 0
{Sim strategy eontinued (91:11? history «a? innovation [iii Enterprise “" ation
Management «BMW Release ﬂéiWhé) solid fountion ﬁre place, term] 2017 {’53 O
shaping upﬂoaiyoaﬁoﬁg‘mﬂb oppority ©penText. O
O O />
. , ,
F'SCAL 2016 _ A FOUNDAT'ONAL YEAR Release 16 offers customersan expanded portfolio of EM solutions
With integrated analytics, available both on-premises and in the Cloud
STRONG FINANCIAL pERFORMANCE WITH ALL-“ M E HIGHS and we expect it to be a key driver of organic growth for Fiscal 2017.
We finished the fiscal year with strong financial performance. In constant we continue to see the world as. hybrid, allPWlng CUStomerS F0 ple
currency, we grew total revenues 3% to $1.9 billion; expanded non_ the form of deployment best swted to their needs: on-premises or
GAAP Operating margin by 240 basis points (bps) to 33.3%; and in the Cloud. Since introducing cloud services and subscriptions
delivered non-GAAP net income of $447 million, up 5% year-over- revenue in FY13: have gro‘an Fur CIQUd revenue 233% from $1.80
year. We also generated operating cash flows of $526 million, achieving m'll'ofl to $601 m'll'on: 3” Wh'le 'mprovmg our non'GAAP Operat'ng
a ten-year cumulative growth rate of 24% for both non-GAAP operating m‘jlrg'n performance by 450 bps- we bel'eVe the recurr'ng: nature 01:
incomeand Operating cash fIOW.(1)(2)(3) this profitable cloud revenue stream, balanced With the increasmg
, . efficiency of our operating model, will continue to translate into
Operational excellence remains at our core. We manage to our budgets, Shareholder value for many years to come (3,
have defined controls, and implement approvals and authorities that '
ensure we can achieve our bottom line results. we believe the best OPENTEXT BUSINESS SYSTEM
measure of ourfinanCIal performance is our operating cash flow. K t . th 0 T t B o S t Th. t
o . . o . ey 0 our success is e pen ex usmess ys em. is sys em
f;gf§$§'2§fi2?ernigre:igage/V: ::;::dn§L::°:i:cf§e§51t; unlocks value through our approach to market strategy, accelerating
. o . . o ' . . ’ market share through acquisitions, and innovation. The OpenText
‘ge t%°k;:e relieve to Conslel'fdate outr mtleuffetie' prepeﬁgy mtg Business System is differentiated from other business systems by its
ana e° '5 “r ers eur gee 0 Opera 'ena e ee 'Veness mug focus on integration: an integrated sales force, integrated engineering
eonsel'deted ownersmp' management’ and development Of our and integrated operations. The outcome creates superior value by
mtelleetual property- growing our large recurring revenue base while expanding adjusted
operating margin and generating exceptional operating cash flow. We
$5 é CAPITAL ALLOCATION attain this while executing to a policy of disciplined capital allocation.
In Fiscal 2016 we outlined our acquisition strategy as our leading
growth driver, and have delivered on this initiative. Driven by the FISCAL 2017 _
OpenText Business System, we announced five acquisitions this fiscal A YEAR OF DOU B LE- DIG IT G ROWTH
year: Daegislnc.,ANXe Business,HPlnc’s CEM assets,Recommind and Driven b ac uisitions su orted b or anic rowth we ex ect
HP Inc’s CCM assets. With these acquisitions we expect to onboard Fiscal 2017 t: be a e’ar :fpdouble_zili ite rowt‘i acroés a” ofpour
approximately $300 million in annualized revenues. Each acquisition . y . g e . .
brings integral technology partners and customers to fuel our reveeue Imee' AS we onboard appreX'metely $300 mlllten 01: newly
innovation in ElM as we continue to enable the digital transformation :gerllegeAeMgegegleaeﬁSl’q “Sega: eXpeet to see douele'd'g't erOWth m
for our customers and drive shareholder value. . p e . ‘ . .
A strong balance sheet and efficient capital allocation policy supports Eggneoge ﬁlled ice/Vagilggzgenelﬁgxiggﬂ aigdit:xl:::::°
our acquisition strategy. Our liquidity position remains solid with . p 3 . p ’
approximately $1.3 billion of available cash at the end of June has e.eeem.pl'5he.d m FYle' ln many ways.’ OpenTeXt '5 m the mist end
30 2016. With the addition of our credit facilities $1 billion shelf re'?t'9nsh'p bus'mfssia'idthe customer'satthe heartOfourth'W'Pg‘
préspectus and Operating cash ﬂow we have approxi’mately $3 billion Building that relationship and earning that trust fuels our collective
of available capital to put to work. Further strengthening our balance drlve to pm the CUStemer met as we focus on our EIM V's'en'
sheet, and providing added flexibility, we issued $600 million of bonds We eXpeCt Fiscal 2017 to be a Year Of dOUble'dlglt l’eVenue gFOWth-
in May 2016 with a 5.875% coupon and a 10-year maturity. OUI’ Stretegfy 0f Value'besed vaUiSitionS, expandiljg market Share
Also, in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2016, we increased our quarterly and drlvme mnevet'en WI” help us aeh'eve our goals In FY17’ .
cash dividend by fifteen percent from $0.20 to $0.23 per share. Since On behalf 0f the Board Of Dll’eCtOI‘S and the OpenTeXt LeaderShlp
its inception in Fiscal 2013, our dividend per share has increased 53% Team, we thank YOU for Your continued support and confidence-
and we’ve paid out a total cash distribution of $279 million.
RELEASE 16 — LARGEST PRODUCT LAUNCH Sincere”
IN COMPANY HISTORY
Fiscal 2016 saw the biggest product launch in the Company’s history M Z \7‘ ﬂ
with OpenText Release 16, the world’s most complete and integrated 0” '
platform specifically designed to enable Digital Transformation auto-
mating workflows from Customer Engagement to Business Insights. MARK J. BARREN ECH EA, CEO & CTO