Our provision for income taxes and effective income tax rate may vary significantly and may adversely ajfect our results of
operations and cash resources
Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. Various internal and external factors may
have favorable or unfavorable effects on our future provision for income taxes, income taxes receivable, and our eﬁective
income tax rate. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in tax laws, regulations and/or rates, results of audits by
tax authorities, changing interpretations of existing tax laws or regulations, changes in estimates of prior years' items, the
impact of transactions we complete, future levels of research and development spending, changes in the valuation of our
deferred tax assets and liabilities, transfer pricing adjustments, changes in the overall mix of income among the diﬁerent
jurisdictions in which we operate, and changes in overall levels of income before taxes. Changes in the tax laws of various
jurisdictions in which we do business could result from the base erosion and profit shifting (BEPS) project being undertaken by
the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). The OECD, a coalition of member countries, has been
developing recommendations for international tax rules to address different types of BEPS, including situations in which profits
are shifted (or payments are made) from higher tax jurisdictions to lower tax jurisdictions. Adoption of these recommendations
(or other changes in law or policy) by the countries in which we do business could adversely affect our provision for income
taxes and our eﬁective tax rate. Furthermore, new accounting pronouncements or new interpretations of existing accounting
pronouncements (such as those that may be described in note 2 “Significant Accounting Policies” in our notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form lO-K), and/or any internal restructuring initiatives
we may implement from time to time to streamline our operations, can have a material impact on our effective income tax rate.
In July 2016, we implemented a reorganization of our subsidiaries worldwide with the view to continuing to enhance
operational and administrative eﬂiciencies through further consolidated ownership, management, and development of our
intellectual property (IP) in Canada, continuing to reduce the number of entities in our group and working towards our
objective of having a single operational legal entity in each jurisdiction. See note 23 "Subsequent Events" to the Consolidated
Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form lO-K.
Tax examinations are often complex as tax authorities may disagree with the treatment of items reported by us and our
transfer pricing methodology based upon our limited risk distributor model, the result of which could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate
outcome with respect to the taxes we owe may diﬁer from the amounts recorded in our financial statements, and this difference
may materially affect our financial position and financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made.
For more details of tax audits to which we are subject see notes 13 "Guarantees and Contingencies" and 14 "Income
Taxes" to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the immediately following
risk factor in this section.
As part of a tax examination by the United States Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”), we have received a Notice of Proposed
Adjustment (“NOPA”) in draft form proposing a material increase to our taxes arising from the reorganization in Fiscal
2010. Based on discussions with the IRS, we expect to receive an additional NOPA that will propose a material increase to
our taxes arising in connection with our integration of Global 360 into the structure that resulted from our reorganization.
An adverse outcome of these tax examinations could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of
operations.
As we have previously disclosed, the IRS is examining certain of our tax returns for our fiscal year ended June 30, 2010
(Fiscal 2010) through our fiscal year ended June 30, 2012 (Fiscal 2012), and in connection with those examinations is
reviewing our internal reorganization in Fiscal 2010 to consolidate certain intellectual property ownership in Luxembourg and
Canada and our integration of certain acquisitions into the resulting structure. We also previously disclosed that the
examinations may lead to proposed adjustments to our taxes that may be material, individually or in the aggregate, and that we
have not recorded any material accruals for any such potential adjustments in our Consolidated Financial Statements.
As part of these examinations, on July 17, 2015 we received from the IRS a NOPA in draft form proposing a one-time
approximately $280 million increase to our US. federal taxes arising from the reorganization in Fiscal 2010 and proposing
penalties equal to 20% of the additional taxes, plus interest at the applicable statutory rate (which will continue to accrue until
the matter is resolved and may be substantial). A NOPA is an IRS position and does not impose an obligation to pay tax. The
draft NOPA may be changed before the final NOPA is issued, including because the IRS reserved the right in the draft NOPA to
increase the adjustment. Based on discussions with the IRS, we expect we will receive an additional NOPA proposing an
approximately $80 million increase to our US. federal taxes for Fiscal 2012 arising from the integration of Global 360 into the
structure that resulted from the reorganization, accompanied by proposed penalties and interest (although there can be no
assurance that this will be the amount reﬂected in the NOPA when received, including because the IRS may assign a higher
value to our intellectual property). Depending upon the outcome of these matters, additional state income taxes plus penalties
and interest may be due. We currently estimate that, as of June 30, 2016, adjustments under the draft NOPA in its present form
and the anticipated additional NOPA could result in an aggregate liability of approximately $550 million, inclusive of US.
23