ability to identify, hire, train, retain and motivate highly qualified management, technical, sales and marketing personnel. In
particular, the recruitment of top research developers and experienced salespeople remains critical to our success. Competition
for such pe0ple is intense, substantial and continuous, and we may not be able to attract, integrate or retain highly qualified
technical, sales or managerial personnel in the future. In addition, in our eﬁort to attract and retain critical personnel, we may
experience increased compensation costs that are not offset by either improved productivity or higher prices for our software
products or services.
The loss of the services of any of our executive officers or other key employees could significantly harm our business.
Loss of key personnel could impair the integration of acquired businesses, lead to loss of customers and a decline in
revenues, or otherwise could have an adverse effect on our operations
Our success as a combined business with any prior or future acquired businesses will depend, in part, upon our ability to
retain key employees, especially during the integration phase of the businesses. It is possible that the integration process could
result in current and prospective employees of ours and the acquired business to experience uncertainty about their future roles
with us, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to retain or recruit key managers and other employees. If, despite our
retention and recruiting efforts, key employees depart or fail to continue employment with us, the loss of their services and their
experience and knowledge regarding our business could have an adverse effect on our future operating results and the
successful ongoing operation of our businesses.
Our compensation structure may hinder our efforts to attract and retain vital employees
A portion of our total compensation program for our executive officers and key personnel includes the award of options
to buy our Common Shares. If the market price of our Common Shares performs poorly, such performance may adversely
affect our ability to retain or attract critical personnel. In addition, any changes made to our stock option policies, or to any
other of our compensation practices, which are made necessary by governmental regulations or competitive pressures could
adversely affect our ability to retain and motivate existing personnel and recruit new personnel. For example, any limit to total
compensation which may be prescribed by the government or applicable regulatory authorities or any significant increases in
personal income tax levels levied in countries where we have a significant operational presence may hurt our ability to attract
or retain our executive oﬁicers or other employees whose efforts are vital to our success. Additionally, payments under our
long-term incentive plan (the details of which are described in Item 11 of this Annual Report on Form lO-K) are dependent to a
significant extent upon the future performance of our Company both in absolute terms and in comparison to similarly situated
companies. Any failure to achieve the targets set under our long-term incentive plan could significantly reduce or eliminate
payments made under this plan, which may, in turn, materially and adversely affect our ability to retain the key personnel who
are subject to this plan.
Unexpected events may materially harm our ability to align when we incur expenses with when we recognize revenues
We incur operating expenses based upon anticipated revenue trends. Since a high percentage of these expenses are
relatively fixed, a delay in recognizing revenues from transactions related to these expenses (such a delay may be due to the
factors described elsewhere in this risk factor section or it may be due to other factors) could cause significant variations in
operating results from quarter to quarter, and such a delay could materially reduce operating income. If these expenses are not
subsequently matched by revenues, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely
aﬁected.
We may fail to achieve our ﬁnancial forecasts due to inaccurate sales forecasts or other factors
Our revenues and particularly our new software license revenues are difficult to forecast, and, as a result, our quarterly
operating results can ﬂuctuate substantially. We use a “pipeline” system, a common industry practice, to forecast sales and
trends in our business. By reviewing the status of outstanding sales proposals to our customers and potential customers, we
make an estimate as to when a customer will make a purchasing decision involving our software products. These estimates are
aggregated periodically to make an estimate of our sales pipeline, which we use as a guide to plan our activities and make
internal financial forecasts. Our sales pipeline is only an estimate and may be an unreliable predictor of actual sales activity,
both in a particular quarter and over a longer period of time. Many factors may affect actual sales activity, such as weakened
economic conditions, which may cause our customers and potential customers to delay, reduce or cancel IT related purchasing
decisions and the tendency of some of our customers to wait until the end of a fiscal period in the hope of obtaining more
favourable terms from us. If actual sales activity differs from our pipeline estimate, then we may have planned our activities
and budgeted incorrectly and this may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, for
newly acquired companies, we have limited ability to immediately predict how their pipelines will convert into sales or
revenues following the acquisition and their conversion rate post-acquisition may be quite different from their historical
conversion rate.
1 8