NOTE 2—ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
Accounting Policies
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include balances with banks as well as deposits that have terms to maturity of three months or
less. Cash equivalents are recorded at cost and typically consist of term deposits, commercial paper, certificates of deposit and
short-term interest bearing investment-grade securities of major banks in the countries in which we operate.
Short- Term Investments
In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 320
"Investments - Debt and Equity Securities" (Topic 320) related to accounting for certain investments in debt and equity
securities, and based on our intentions regarding these instruments, we classify our marketable securities as available for sale
and account for these investments at fair value. Marketable securities consist primarily of high quality debt securities with
original maturities over 90 days, and may include corporate notes, United States government agency notes and municipal notes.
Allowance for doubtful accounts
We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of customers to make
payments. We evaluate the creditworthiness of our customers prior to order fulfillment and based on these evaluations, we
adjust our credit limit to the respective customer. In addition to these evaluations, we conduct on- going credit evaluations of our
customers' payment history and current creditworthiness. The allowance is maintained for 100% of all accounts deemed to be
uncollectible and, for those receivables not specifically identified as uncollectible, an allowance is maintained for a specific
percentage of those receivables based upon the aging of accounts, our historical collection experience and current economic
expectations. To date, the actual losses have been within our expectations. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of
the accounts receivable balance as of June 30, 2016 and 2015.
Property and equipment
Property and equipment are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, and shown net of depreciation which is
computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Gains and losses on asset disposals are
taken into income in the year of disposition. Fully depreciated property and equipment are retired from the consolidated balance
sheet when they are no longer in use. We did not recognize any significant property impairment charges in Fiscal 2016, Fiscal
2015, or Fiscal 2014. The following represents the estimated useful lives of property and equipment:
[Furniture and fixtures 5 years [
Office equipment 5 years
[Computer hardware 3 years [
Computer software 3 years
[Capitalized software 5 years [
Leasehold improvements Lesser of the lease term or 5 years
[Building 40 years [
Capitalized Software
We capitalize software development costs in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 350-40 — Accounting for the Costs of
Computer Software Developed or Obtained for Internal-Use. We capitalize costs for software to be used internally when we
enter the application development stage. This occurs when we complete the preliminary project stage, management authorizes
and commits to funding the project, and it is feasible that the project will be completed and the software will perform the
intended function. We cease to capitalize costs related to a software project when it enters the post implementation and
operation stage. If different determinations are made with respect to the state of development of a software project, then the
amount capitalized and the amount charged to expense for that project could differ materially.
Costs capitalized during the application development stage consist of payroll and related costs for employees who are
directly associated with, and who devote time directly to, a project to develop software for internal use. We also capitalize the
direct costs of materials and services, which generally includes outside contractors, and interest. We do not capitalize any
general and administrative or overhead costs or costs incurred during the application development stage related to training or
data conversion costs. Costs related to upgrades and enhancements to internal-use software, if those upgrades and
l 16