This release is the most functionally and integration-complete EIM platform that we have released to date and we believe
it is well suited to drive our go-to-market plan for years to come.
We see an opportunity to help our customers become “digital businesses” and, with Release 16 as well as our recent
acquisitions, we believe we have a strong platform to integrate personalized analytics and insights onto our OpenText EIM
suites of products, which will further our vision to enable “the digital world” and strengthen our position among leaders in
EIM.
We also believe our diversified geographic profile helps strengthen our position and helps to reduce the impact of a
downturn in the economy that may occur in any one specific region.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US. GAAP requires us to make estimates, judgments and
assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements. These estimates, judgments and
assumptions are evaluated on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that we believe are reasonable at that time, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the
carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ materially
from those estimates. The accounting policies that reﬂect our more significant estimates, judgments and assumptions and which
we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results include the following:
(i) Revenue recognition,
(ii) Capitalized software,
(iii) Business combinations,
(iv) Goodwill,
(v) Acquired intangibles,
(vi) Restructuring charges,
(vii) Foreign currency, and
(viii) Income taxes.
Revenue recognition
We recognize revenues in accordance with Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) Topic 985-605, “Software Revenue
Recognition” (Topic 985-605).
We record product revenues from software licenses and products when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the
software product has been shipped, there are no significant uncertainties surrounding product acceptance by the customer, the
fees are fixed and determinable, and collection is considered probable. We use the residual method to recognize revenues on
delivered elements when a license agreement includes one or more elements to be delivered at a future date if evidence of the
fair value of all undelivered elements exists. If an undelivered element for the arrangement exists under the license
arrangement, revenues related to the undelivered element is deferred based on vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE) of
the fair value of the undelivered element.
Our multiple-element sales arrangements include arrangements where software licenses and the associated post contract
customer support (PCS) are sold together. We have established VSOE of the fair value of the undelivered PCS element based
on the contracted price for renewal PCS included in the original multiple element sales arrangement, as substantiated by
contractual terms and our significant PCS renewal experience, from our existing worldwide base. Our multiple element sales
arrangements generally include irrevocable rights for the customer to renew PCS after the bundled term ends. The customer is
not subject to any economic or other penalty for failure to renew. It is our experience that customers generally exercise their
renewal PCS option. In the renewal transaction, PCS is sold on a stand-alone basis to the licensees one year or more after the
original multiple element sales arrangement. The exercised renewal PCS price is consistent with the renewal price in the
original multiple element sales arrangement, although an adjustment to reﬂect consumer price changes is common.
If VSOE of fair value does not exist for all undelivered elements, all revenues are deferred until suﬂicient evidence exists
or all elements have been delivered.
Cloud services and subscription revenues consist of (i) software as a service offerings (ii) managed service arrangements
and (iii) subscription revenues relating to on premise oﬁerings. The customer contracts for each of these three offerings are
long term contracts (greater than twelve months) and are based on the customer’s usage over the contract period. The revenue
associated with such contracts is recognized once usage has been measured, the fee is fixed and determinable and collection is
probable.
In certain managed services arrangements, we sell transaction processing along with implementation and start-up
services. The implementation and start-up services do not have stand-alone value and, therefore, they do not qualify as separate
36