° On July 2, 2012, we acquired EasyLink Services International Corporation (EasyLink), a company based in
Georgia, United States and a global provider of cloud-based electronic messaging and business integration services
for $342.3 million.
- On July 13, 2011, we acquired Global 360 Holding Corp. (Global 360), a software company based in Dallas, Texas,
United States, for $256.6 million. Global 360 offers case management and document-centric BPM solutions. The
acquisition continued our expansion into the BPM market and added to our technology, talent, services, partner and
geographical strengths.
We believe our acquisitions support our long-term strategy for growth, strengthen our competitive position, expand our
customer base and provide greater scale to accelerate innovation, grow our earnings and provide superior shareholder value. We
expect to continue to strategically acquire companies, products, services and technologies to augment our existing business.
Intellectual Property Rights
Our success and ability to compete depends on our ability to develop and maintain our intellectual property and
proprietary technology and to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. Our software products are
generally licensed to our customers on a non-exclusive basis for internal use in a customer's organization. We also grant rights
in our intellectual property to third parties that allow them to market certain of our products on a non-exclusive or limited-
scope exclusive basis for a particular application of the product(s) or to a particular geographic area.
We rely on a combination of copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret laws, non-disclosure agreements and other
contractual provisions to establish and maintain our proprietary rights. We have obtained or applied for trademark registration
for most strategic product names in most major markets. We have a number of US. and foreign patents and pending
applications, including patents and rights to patent applications acquired through strategic transactions, which relate to various
aspects of our products and technology. The duration of our patents is determined by the laws of the country of issuance and for
the US. is typically 17 years from the date of issuance of the patent or 20 years from the date of filing of the patent application
resulting in the patent. While we believe our intellectual property is valuable and our ability to maintain and protect our
intellectual property rights is important to our success, we also believe that our business as a whole is not materially dependent
on any particular patent, trademark, license, or other intellectual property right.
For more information on the risks related to our intellectual property rights, see "Risk Factors" included in Item 1A of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Employees
As of June 30, 2016, we employed a total of approximately 8,900 individuals. The approximate composition of our
employee base is as follows: (i) 1,400 employees in sales and marketing, (ii) 2,200 employees in product development, (iii)
2,300 employees in cloud services, (iv) 1,100 employees in professional services, (v) 800 employees in customer support, and
(vi) 1,100 employees in general and administrative roles. We believe that relations with our employees are strong. None of our
employees are represented by a labour union, nor do we have collective bargaining arrangements with any of our employees.
However, in certain international jurisdictions in which we operate, a “Workers' Council” represents our employees.
Available Information
Access to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and
amendments to these reports filed with or furnished to the SEC may be obtained free of charge through the Investors section of
our website at investors. opentext. com as soon as is reasonably practical after we electronically file or furnish these reports. Our
website is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as an inactive textual reference only. Except for the documents
specifically incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, information contained on our website is not incorporated by
reference in this Annual Report and should not be considered to be a part of this Annual Report. In addition, our filings with the
SEC may be accessed through the SEC's website at www.sec. gov. All statements made in any of our securities filings, including
all forward-looking statements or information, are made as of the date of the document in which the statement is included, and
we do not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements or documents unless we are required to do so
by applicable law.
12