Item 1A. Risk Factors
T he following important factors could cause our actual business and financial results to differ materially ﬁom our current
expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections. These forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form
1 0-K or made elsewhere by management ﬂom time to time are subject to important risks, uncertainties and assumptions which
are difficult to predict. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us.
Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our operating results,
ﬁnancial condition and liquidity. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other
companies. The risks discussed below are not necessarily presented in order of importance or probability of occurrence.
The length of our sales cycle can fluctuate significantly which could result in significant ﬂuctuations in license revenues
being recognized from quarter to quarter
The decision by a customer to license our software products or purchase our services often involves a comprehensive
implementation process across the customer's network or networks. As a result, the licensing and implementation of our
software products and any related services may entail a significant commitment of resources by prospective customers,
accompanied by the attendant risks and delays frequently associated with significant technology implementation projects.
Given the significant investment and commitment of resources required by an organization to implement our software products,
our sales cycle may be longer compared to other companies within our own industry, as well as companies in other industries.
Also because of changes in customer spending habits, it may be difficult for us to budget, forecast and allocate our resources
properly. In weak economic environments, it is not uncommon to see reduced information technology spending. It may take
several months, or even several quarters, for marketing opportunities to materialize. If a customer's decision to license our
software is delayed or if the implementation of these software products takes longer than originally anticipated, the date on
which we may recognize revenues from these licenses would be delayed. Such delays and ﬂuctuations could cause our
revenues to be lower than expected in a particular period and we may not be able to adjust our costs quickly enough to oﬁset
such lower revenues, potentially negatively impacting our business, operating results and financial condition.
Our success depends on our relationships with strategic partners, distributors, and third party service providers and any
reduction in the sales efforts by distributors, or cooperative efforts from our partners, or service from third party providers
could materially impact our revenues
We rely on close cooperation with strategic partners for sales and software product development as well as for the
optimization of opportunities that arise in our competitive environment. A portion of our license revenues is derived from the
licensing of our software products through third parties. Also, a portion of our service revenues may be impacted by the level of
service provided by third party service providers relating to Internet, telecommunications and power services. Our success will
depend, in part, upon our ability to maintain access to existing channels of distribution and to gain access to new channels if
and when they develop. We may not be able to retain a suﬂicient number of our existing distributors or develop a sufficient
number of future distributors. Distributors may also give higher priority to the licensing of software products other than ours
(which could include competitors' products) or may not devote sufficient resources to marketing our software products. The
performance of third party distributors and third party service providers is largely outside of our control, and we are unable to
predict the extent to which these distributors and service providers will be successful in either marketing and licensing our
software products or providing adequate Internet, telecommunication and power services so that disruptions and outages are not
experienced by our customers. A reduction in strategic partner cooperation or sales efforts, a decline in the number of
distributors, a decision by our distributors to discontinue the licensing of our software products or a decline or disruption in
third party services could cause users and the general public to perceive our software products and services as inferior and
could materially reduce revenues.
If we do not continue to develop technologically advanced products that successfully integrate with the software products
and enhancements used by our customers, future revenues and our operating results may be negatively affected
Our success depends upon our ability to design, develop, test, market, license and support new software products,
services, and enhancements of current products and services on a timely basis in response to both competitive threats and
marketplace demands. The software industry is increasingly focused on cloud computing, mobility, social media and software
as a service (SaaS) among other continually evolving shifts. In addition, our software products, services, and enhancements
must remain compatible with standard platforms and file formats. Often, we must integrate software licensed or acquired from
third parties with our pr0prietary software to create or improve our products. If we are unable to achieve a successful
integration with third party software, we may not be successful in developing and marketing our new software products,
services, and enhancements. If we are unable to successfully integrate third party software to develop new software products,
services, and enhancements to existing software products and services, or to complete the development of new software
products and services which we license or acquire from third parties, our operating results will materially suﬁer. In addition, if
13