Declaration of Eligibility for Benefits (Reduced Tax) under a Tax Treaty for a Non-Resident Person and returned it to our
transfer agent, ComputerShare Investor Services Inc.
United States Tax Matters
US. residents
The following discussion summarizes certain US. federal income tax considerations relevant to an investment in the
Common Shares by a US. holder. For purposes of this summary, a “US. holder” is a beneficial owner of Common Shares that
holds such shares as capital assets under the US. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) and is a citizen or
resident of the United States and not of Canada, a corporation organized under the laws of the United States or any political
subdivision thereof, or a person that is otherwise subject to US. federal income tax on a net income basis in respect of
Common Shares. It does not address any aspect of US. federal gift or estate tax, or of state, local or non-US. tax laws and does
not address aspects of US. federal income taxation applicable to US. holders holding options, warrants or other rights to
acquire Common Shares. Further, this discussion does not address the US. federal income tax consequences to US. holders
that are subject to special treatment under US. federal income tax laws, including, but not limited to US. holders owning
directly, indirectly or by attribution 10% or more of the Company’s voting power; broker-dealers; banks or insurance
companies; financial institutions; regulated investment companies; taxpayers who have elected mark-to-market accounting;
tax-exempt organizations; taxpayers who hold Common Shares as part of a “straddle,” “hedge,” or “conversion transaction”
with other investments; individual retirement or other tax-deferred accounts; taxpayers whose functional currency is not the
US. dollar; partnerships or the partners therein; S corporations; or US. expatriates.
The discussion is based upon the provisions of the Code, the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, the
Convention Between the United States and Canada with Respect to Taxes on Income and Capital, together with related
Protocols and Competent Authority Agreements (the Convention), the administrative practices published by the US. Internal
Revenue Service (the IRS) and US. judicial decisions, all of which are subject to change. This discussion does not consider the
potential effects, both adverse and beneficial, of any recently proposed legislation which, if enacted, could be applied, possibly
on a retroactive basis, at any time.
Distributions on the Common Shares
Subject to the discussion below under “Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules,” U.S. holders generally will treat
the gross amount of distributions paid by the Company equal to the US. dollar value of such dividends on the date the
dividends are received or treated as received (based on the exchange rate on such date), without reduction for Canadian
withholding tax (see “Canadian Tax Matters - Dividends - Non-residents of Canada”), as dividend income for US. federal
income tax purposes to the extent of the Company’s current and accumulated earnings and profits. Because the Company does
not expect to maintain calculations of its earnings and profits under US. federal income tax principles, it is expected that
distributions paid to US. holders generally will be reported as dividends.
Individual U.S. holders will generally be eligible to treat dividends as “qualified dividend income” taxable at
preferential rates with certain exceptions for short-term and hedged positions, and provided that the Company is not during the
taxable year in which the dividends are paid (and was not in the preceding taxable year) classified as a “passive foreign
investment company” (PFIC) as described below under “Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules.” Dividends paid on the
Common Shares generally will not be eligible for the “dividends received” deduction allowed to corporate U.S. holders in
respect of dividends from US. corporations.
If a US. holder receives foreign currency on a distribution that is not converted into US. dollars on the date of receipt,
the US. holder will have a tax basis in the foreign currency equal to its US. dollar value on the date the dividends are received
or treated as received. Any gain or loss recognized upon a subsequent sale or other disposition of the foreign currency,
including an exchange for US. dollars, will be US. source ordinary income or loss.
The amount of Canadian tax withheld generally will give rise to a foreign tax credit or deduction for US. federal
income tax purposes (see “Canadian Tax Matters - Dividends - Non-residents of Canada”). Dividends paid by the Company
generally will constitute “passive category income” for purposes of the foreign tax credit (or in the case of certain U.S. holders,
“general category income”). The Code, as modified by the Convention, applies various limitations on the amount of foreign tax
credit that may be available to a US. taxpayer. The Common Shares are currently traded on both the NASDAQ and TSX.
Dividends paid by a foreign corporation that is at least 50% owned by US. persons may be treated as US. source income
(rather than foreign source income) for foreign tax credit purposes to the extent they are attributable to earnings and profits of
the foreign corporation from sources within the United States, if the foreign corporation has more than an insignificant amount
of US. source earnings and profits. Although this rule does not appear to be intended to apply in the context of a public
company such as the Company, we are not aware of any authority that would render it inapplicable. In part because the
30