Mellon (as successor to Citibank NA), as US. trustee, and BNY Trust Company of Canada (as successor to Citi Trust
Company Canada), as Canadian trustee (the 2023 Indenture), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date.
If we experience one of the kinds of changes of control triggering events specified in the 2023 Indenture, we will be
required to make an offer to repurchase Senior Notes 2023 at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount of Senior Notes
2023, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase.
The 2023 Indenture contains covenants that limit our and certain of our subsidiaries’ ability to, among other things: (i)
create certain liens and enter into sale and lease-back transactions; (ii) create, assume, incur or guarantee additional
indebtedness of the Company or the subsidiary guarantors without such subsidiary becoming a subsidiary guarantor of Senior
Notes 2023; and (iii) consolidate, amalgamate or merge with, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its property and
assets substantially as an entirety to, another person. These covenants are subject to a number of important limitations and
exceptions as set forth in the 2023 Indenture. The 2023 Indenture also provides for events of default, which, if any of them
occurs, may permit or, in certain circumstances, require the principal, premium, if any, interest and any other monetary
obligations on all the then-outstanding notes to be due and payable immediately.
Senior Notes 2023 are initially guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by our existing and future wholly-owned
subsidiaries that borrow or guarantee the obligations under our existing senior credit facilities. Senior Notes 2023 and the
guarantees rank equally in right of payment with all of our and our subsidiary guarantors’ existing and future senior
unsubordinated debt and will rank senior in right of payment to all of our and our subsidiary guarantors’ future subordinated
debt. Senior Notes 2023 and the guarantees will be effectively subordinated to all of ours and our guarantors’ existing and
future secured debt, including the obligations under the Revolver and Term Loan B, to the extent of the value of the assets
securing such secured debt.
The foregoing description of the 2023 Indenture does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the 2023 Indenture, which is filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
with the SEC on January 15, 2015.
Term Loan B
In connection with the acquisition of GXS, on January 16, 2014, we entered into a second credit facility, which provides
for a $800 million term loan facility with certain lenders named therein, Barclays Bank PLC (Barclays), as sole administrative
agent and collateral agent, and with Barclays and RBC Capital Markets as lead arrangers and joint bookrunners (Term Loan B).
Repayments made under Term Loan B are equal to 0.25% of the original principal amount in equal quarterly installments for
the life of Term Loan B, with the remainder due at maturity.
Borrowings under Term Loan B are secured by a first charge over substantially all of our assets on a pari passu basis with
the Revolver. We entered into Term Loan B and borrowed the full amount of $800 million on January 16, 2014. Term Loan B
has a seven year term.
Borrowings under Term Loan B bear interest at a rate per annum equal to an applicable margin plus, at the borrower’s
option, either (1) the eurodollar rate for the interest period relevant to such borrowing or (2) an ABR rate determined by
reference to the greatest of (i) the prime rate of Barclays, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% per annum and (iii) the one
month eurodollar rate plus 1.00% per annum. The applicable margin for borrowings under Term Loan B will be 2.5% with
respect to LIBOR borrowings and 1.5% with respect to ABR rate borrowings.
Currently we have chosen for our borrowings under Term Loan B to bear a ﬂoating rate of interest at a rate per annum
equal to 2.5% plus the higher of LIBOR or 0.75%. As of June 30, 2016, the interest rate was 3.25%.
Term Loan B has incremental facility capacity of (i) $250 million plus (ii) additional amounts, subject to meeting a
“consolidated senior secured net leverage” ratio not exceeding 2.75: 1.00, in each case subject to certain conditions.
Consolidated senior secured net leverage ratio is defined for this purpose as the proportion of our total debt reduced by
unrestricted cash, including guarantees and letters of credit, that is secured by our or any of our subsidiaries’ assets, over our
trailing twelve months net income before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, restructuring, share-based compensation
and other miscellaneous charges.
Under Term Loan B, we must maintain a “consolidated net leverage” ratio of no more than 4:1 at the end of each financial
quarter. Consolidated net leverage ratio is defined for this purpose as the proportion of our total debt reduced by unrestricted
cash, including guarantees and letters of credit, over our trailing twelve months net income before interest, taxes, depreciation,
amortization, restructuring, share-based compensation and other miscellaneous charges. As of June 30, 2016, our consolidated
net leverage ratio was 1.3: 1.
For further details relating to our Term Loan B, please see note 10 "Long-Term Debt" to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.
63