relationships and targeted business partner collaboration solutions. The results of operations of ANX have been consolidated
with those of OpenText beginning May 1, 2016.
Acquisition of Certain Customer Experience Software Assets from HP Inc.
On April 30, 2016, we acquired certain customer experience software and services assets and liabilities from HP Inc.
(CEM Business) for approximately $160.0 million, of which $7.3 million is currently held back and unpaid in accordance with
the terms of the purchase agreement. We believe that the acquisition will complement our current software portfolio,
particularly our Customer Experience Management and Cloud offerings. The results of operations have been consolidated with
those of OpenText beginning April 30, 2016.
Acquisition of Daegis Inc.
On November 23, 2015, we acquired Daegis Inc. (Daegis), a global information governance, data migration solutions and
development company, based in Irvine, Texas, United States. Total consideration for Daegis was $23.3 million ($22.1 million -
net of cash acquired). We believe this acquisition enables OpenText to strengthen our current information governance
capabilities. The results of operations of Daegis have been consolidated with those of OpenText beginning November 23, 2015.
We believe our acquisitions support our long-term strategic direction, strengthen our competitive position, expand our
customer base, provide greater scale to accelerate innovation, grow our earnings and provide superior shareholder value. We
expect to continue to strategically acquire companies, products, services and technologies to augment our existing business.
Our acquisitions, particularly significant ones, can affect the period-to-period comparability of our results. See note 18
"Acquisitions" to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details.
Outlook for Fiscal 2017
While we continue to oﬂ?er on-premises solutions, we realize that the EIM market is broad and we are agnostic to whether
a customer prefers an on-premises solution, cloud solution, or combination of both (hybrid). We believe giving customer choice
and ﬂexibility will help us to strive to obtain long-term customer value. We measure long-term value by looking at our
recurring revenue, earnings and operating cash ﬂow. We define recurring revenue as the sum of our “Cloud services and
subscriptions revenue”, “Customer support revenue” and “Professional services revenue”. In Fiscal 2016 recurring revenue was
$1,541 million, which represented 84% of our total revenues and was relatively stable (down 1.1%) compared to Fiscal 2015.
Our Cloud services and subscriptions revenues was also relatively stable (down 0.7%) in Fiscal 2016 compared to Fiscal 2015.
Our net income for Fiscal 2016 was up 21% compared to Fiscal 2015 and our operating cash ﬂow was relatively ﬂat, growing
1% over the same period. We believe customers are looking for choice and ﬂexibility in how they consume technology and we
look to continue to provide long term value to our customers.
Additionally, Customer support revenues, which are a recurring source of income for us, make up a significant portion of
our revenue mix. Our management reviews our Customer support renewal rates on a quarterly basis and we use these rates as a
method of monitoring our customer service performance. For the three months ended June 30, 2016, our Customer support
renewal rate was approximately 90%, consistent with the Customer support renewal rate during the three months ended
June 30, 2015.
We expect to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions in the future to strengthen our service offerings in the EIM market.
We believe we are a value oriented and disciplined acquirer, having efficiently deployed $3.7 billion on acquisitions over the
last 10 years. We see our ability to successfully integrate acquired companies and assets into our business as a strength and
pursuing strategic acquisitions is an important aspect to our growth strategy. In Fiscal 2016, we further demonstrated the
implementation of this strategy by acquiring Daegis, ANX, and CEM Business. On June 20, 2016 we announced that we
entered into a definitive agreement to acquire customer communication management assets from HP Inc. for approximately
$315 million. On July 20, 2016, we closed our previously announced acquisition of Recommind Inc., a leading provider of
eDiscovery and Information analytics. For additional details, please refer to note 23 "Subsequent Events" to our Consolidated
Financial Statements.
While continuing to acquire companies is our leading growth driver, our growth strategy also includes organic growth
through internal innovation. Over the last three fiscal years, we have invested approximately $567 million in research and
development (R&D) and we typically target to spend approximately 10% to 12% of revenues for R&D. We believe our ability
to leverage our global presence is helpful to our ability to grow organically.
In April, 2016 we introduced "OpenText Release 16" (Release 16), which is an integrated digital information platform
that manages and analyzes the entire ﬂow of information, addressing key areas of the user experience, machine-to-machine
integration, automation and other aspects of managing unstructured data in a digital first organization.
35