I General Description I Criteria Considered I Peer Group List I
Global software and service Key metrics considered include revenue, market AOL Inc.
providers that are similar in capitalization, number of employees, and net Autodesk Inc.
size, business complexity, income. Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc.
and scope of operations to Cadence Design Systems Inc.
us. Generally, organizations within our peer group Citrix Systems Inc.
are in a similar software industry with revenues, DST Systems Inc.
market capitalization and number of employees Equinix Inc.
that fall between one-third and three times that Global Payments Inc.
of our market capitalization. Informatica Corporation
Mentor Graphics Corporation
Micros Systems Inc.
Nuance Communications Inc.
PTC Inc.
Red Hat Inc.
Sage Group
Synopsis Inc.
Teradata Corporation
TIBCO Software Inc.
No adjustments were made to compensation for our Named Executive Oﬂicers during Fiscal 2016. However, the peer
group analysis was taken into consideration when offering employment to Mr. Murphy, who joined the Company during Fiscal
2016. Also see “Long-Term Incentives - Other Long-Term Equity Grants” below.
Aligning Oﬂicers ' Interests with Sh areholders' Interests
We believe that transparent, objective and easily verified corporate goals, combined with relevant and measurable
individual performance goals, play an important role in creating and maintaining an effective compensation strategy for our
Named Executive Officers. Our objective is to facilitate an increase in shareholder value through the achievement of these
corporate goals under the leadership of our Named Executive Officers working in conjunction with all of our valued
employees.
We use a combination of fixed and variable compensation to motivate our executive officers to achieve our corporate
goals. For Fiscal 2016, the basic components of our executive officer compensation program were:
- Fixed pay;
- Short-term incentives; and
- Long-term incentives.
To ensure alignment of the interests of our executive officers with the interests of our shareholders, our executive officers
have a significant proportion of compensation “at risk”. Compensation that is “at risk” means compensation that may or may
not be paid to an executive officer depending on whether the Company and such executive officer is able to meet or exceed
applicable performance targets. Short-term incentives and long-term incentives meet this definition of compensation which is at
risk, and long-term incentives are an additional incentive used to promote long-term value. The greater the executive oﬂicer’s
inﬂuence upon our financial or operational results, the higher is the risk/reward portion of his compensation.
The Compensation Committee annually considers the percentage of each Named Executive Oﬁicer’s total compensation
that is “at risk” depending on the Named Executive Oﬁicer's responsibilities and objectives.
The chart below provides the approximate percentage of target total compensation provided to each Named Executive
Officer that was either fixed pay or “at risk” for Fiscal 2016:
Short-Term Incentive Long-Term Incentive
Fixed Pay Percentage Percentage (at 100% target) Percentage (at 100% target)
Named Executive Ofﬁcer (“Not At Risk”) (“At Risk”) (“At Risk”) 7
IMark J. Barrenechea 14% 14% 72%|
John M. Doolittle 26% 21% 53%
ISteve Murphy 21% 21% 58%I
Gordon A. Davies 21% 14% 65%
IMuhi Majzoub 25% 17% 58%I
80