Asset retirement obligations
We account for asset retirement obligations in accordance with ASC Topic 410, “Asset Retirement and Environmental
Obligations” (Topic 410), which applies to certain obligations associated with “leasehold improvements” within our leased
office facilities. Topic 410 requires that a liability be initially recognized for the estimated fair value of the obligation when it is
incurred. The associated asset retirement cost is capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset and
depreciated over the remaining life of the underlying asset and the associated liability is accreted to the estimated fair value of
the obligation at the settlement date through periodic accretion charges recorded within general and administrative expenses.
When the obligation is settled, any difference between the final cost and the recorded amount is recognized as income or loss on
settlement in our Consolidated Statements of Income.
Revenue recognition
License revenues
We recognize revenues in accordance with ASC Topic 985-605, “Software Revenue Recognition” (Topic 985-605).
We record product revenues from software licenses and products when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the
software product has been shipped, there are no significant uncertainties surrounding product acceptance by the customer, the
fees are fixed and determinable, and collection is considered probable. We use the residual method to recognize revenues on
delivered elements when a license agreement includes one or more elements to be delivered at a future date if evidence of the
fair value of all undelivered elements exists. If an undelivered element for the arrangement exists under the license
arrangement, revenues related to the undelivered element is deferred based on vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE) of
the fair value of the undelivered element.
Our multiple-element sales arrangements include arrangements where software licenses and the associated post contract
customer support (PCS) are sold together. We have established VSOE of the fair value of the undelivered PCS element based on
the contracted price for renewal PCS included in the original multiple element sales arrangement, as substantiated by
contractual terms and our significant PCS renewal experience, from our existing worldwide base. Our multiple element sales
arrangements generally include irrevocable rights for the customer to renew PCS after the bundled term ends. The customer is
not subject to any economic or other penalty for failure to renew. Further, the renewal PCS options are for services comparable
to the bundled PCS and cover similar terms.
It is our experience that customers generally exercise their renewal PCS option. In the renewal transaction, PCS is sold on
a stand-alone basis to the licensees one year or more after the original multiple element sales arrangement. The exercised
renewal PCS price is consistent with the renewal price in the original multiple element sales arrangement, although an
adjustment to reﬂect consumer price changes is common.
If VSOE of fair value does not exist for all undelivered elements, all revenues are deferred until sufficient evidence exists
or all elements have been delivered.
We assess whether payment terms are customary or extended in accordance with normal practice relative to the market in
which the sale is occurring. Our sales arrangements generally include standard payment terms. These terms eﬁectively relate to
all customers, products, and arrangements regardless of customer type, product mix or arrangement size. Exceptions are only
made to these standard terms for certain sales in parts of the world where local practice differs. In these jurisdictions, our
customary payment terms are in line with local practice.
Cloud services and subscriptions revenues
Cloud services and subscription revenues consist of (i) software as a service oﬁerings (ii) managed service arrangements
and (iii) subscription revenues relating to on premise offerings. The customer contracts for each of these three oﬁerings are
long term contracts (greater than twelve months) and are based on the customer’s usage over the contract period. The revenue
associated with such contracts is recognized once usage has been measured, the fee is fixed and determinable and collection is
probable.
In certain managed services arrangements, we sell transaction processing along with implementation and start-up services.
The implementation and start-up services do not have stand-alone value and, therefore, they do not qualify as separate units of
accounting and are not separated. We believe these services do not have stand-alone value as the customer only receives value
from these services in conjunction with the use of the related transaction processing service, we do not sell such services
separately, and the output of such services cannot be re-sold by the customer. Revenues related to implementation and start-up
services are recognized over the longer of the contract term or the estimated customer life. In some arrangements, we also sell
professional services which do have stand-alone value and can be separated from other elements in the arrangement. The
revenue related to these services is recognized as the service is performed. In some arrangements, we also sell professional
1 19