Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal 2016
The following table sets forth certain details with respect to each of the Named Executive Officers concerning the exercise of
stock options and vesting of stock in Fiscal 2016:
: Option Awards Stock Awards (3) :
Number of Shares Value Realized on Number of Shares Value Realized on
Acquired on Exercise Exercise Acquired on Vesting Vesting
:Name (#) (1) (3) (#) (2) ($) :
[Mark J. Barrenechea — $ — 69,472 $ 3,243,343 J
John M. Doolittle — $ — 4,167 $ 190,557
[Steve Murp_hy — $ — — $ — l
Gordon A. Davies — $ — 14,208 $ 658,115
[Muhi Majzoub — $ — 9,234 $ 427,719 I
(1) “Value realized on exercise” is the excess of the market price, at date of exercise, of the shares underlying the options over the exercise price of the
options.
(2) “Value realized on vesting” is the market price of the underlying Common Shares on the vesting date.
(3) Relates to (i) the vesting of PSUs and RSUS under our Fiscal 2015 LTIP, and (ii) the vesting of RSUs for Messrs. Barrenechea and Doolittle in accordance
with the terms of their respective contractual agreements.
POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL
We have entered into employment contracts with each of our Named Executive Officers. These contracts may require us
to make certain types of payments and provide certain types of benefits to the Named Executive Officers upon the occurrence
of any of these events:
- If the Named Executive Officer is terminated without cause; and
- If there is a change in control in the ownership of the Company and subsequent to the change in control, there is a
change in the relationship between the Company and the Named Executive Officer.
When determining the amounts and the type of compensation and benefits to provide in the event of a termination or
change in control described above, we considered available information with respect to amounts payable to similarly situated
officers of our peer groups and the position held by the Named Executive Officer within the Company. The amounts payable
upon termination or change in control represent the amounts determined by the Company and are not the result of any
individual negotiations between us and any of our Named Executive Oﬁicers.
Our employment agreements with our Named Executive Officers are similar in structure, terms and conditions, with the
key exception of the amount of severance payments, which is determined by the position held by the Named Executive Officer.
Details are set out below of each of their potential payments upon a termination by the Company without cause and upon a
change in control event where there is a subsequent change in the relationship between the Company and the Named Executive
Officer.
Termination Without Cause
If the Named Executive Officer is terminated without cause, we may be obligated to make payments or provide benefits
to the Named Executive Officer. A termination without cause means a termination of a Named Executive Oﬂicer for any reason
other than the following, each of which provides “cause” for termination:
- The failure by the Named Executive Officer to attempt in good faith to perform his duties, other than as a result of a
physical or mental illness or injury;
- The Named Executive Officer's willful misconduct or gross negligence of a material nature in connection with the
performance of his duties which is or could reasonably be expected to be injurious to the Company;
- The breach by the Named Executive Officer of his fiduciary duty or duty of loyalty to the Company;
- The Named Executive Officer's intentional and unauthorized removal, use or disclosure of information relating to the
Company, including customer information, which is injurious to the Company or its customers;
- The willful performance by the Named Executive Oﬂicer of any act of dishonesty or willful misappropriation of
funds or prOperty of the Company or its affiliates;
- The indictment of the Named Executive Officer or a plea of guilty or nolo contender to a felony or other serious
crime involving moral turpitude;
- The material breach by the Named Executive Oﬂicer of any obligation material to his employment relationship with
the Company; or
93