- Email Management Solutions enable the archiving, control and monitoring of email, regardless of platform, to
reduce the size of the email database, improve email server performance, control the lifecycle of email content, and
monitor email content to improve compliance.
° Capture solutions help bridge the gap between structured and unstructured data by providing the ability to capture
and image paper content while applying metadata and applicable policies and schedules. By transforming the
information contained in these documents, it can then be used effectively to automate or streamline business processes
while being governed consistently alongside digital content.
° Core is a software as a service (SaaS)—based, multi-tenant cloud solution that provides eﬂicient ways to share
documents and collaborate for teams of any size, from small groups to large enterprises.
Business Process Management
BPM provides the software capabilities for analyzing, automating, monitoring and optimizing structured business
processes that typically fall outside the scope of existing enterprise systems. BPM solutions help empower employees,
customers and partners. Our BPM solutions include:
- Process suite platform puts the business in direct control of its processes and fosters alignment between business and
IT, resulting in tangible benefits for both. OpenText Process Suite Platform offers one platform that can be accessed
simply through a web browser and is built from the ground up to be truly multi-tenant and to support all of the
deployment models required for on—premise, private or public clouds.
0 Capture and recognition systems convert documents from analog sources, such as paper or facsimile (fax), to
electronic documents and apply value-added functions, such as optical / intelligent character recognition (OCR/ICR)
and barcode seaming, and then releases these documents into repositories where they can be stored, managed, and
searched.
- Process suite solutions are packaged applications built on the Process Suite and address specific business problems.
This includes Contract Management, Cloud Brokerage Services, Digital Media Supply Chain, and Enterprise App
Store, to name a few.
Customer Experience Management
CEM generates improved time-to-market by giving customers, employees, and channel partners personalized and
engaging experiences. Our CEM solutions include:
- Web Content Management provides software for authoring, maintaining, and administering websites designed to
offer a “visitor experience” that integrates content from internal and external sources.
- Digital Asset Management provides a set of content management services for browsing, searching, viewing,
assembling, and delivering rich media content such as images, audio and Video.
° Customer Communications Management software makes it possible for organizations to process and deliver highly
personalized documents in paper or electronic format rather than a “one message fits all” approach.
° Social Software helps companies “socialize” their web presence by adding blogs, wikis, ratings and reviews, and
build communities for public websites and employee intranets.
- Portal enables organizations to aggregate, integrate and personalize corporate information and applications and
provide a central, contextualized, and personalized view of information for executives, departments, partners, and
customers.
Business Network
The OpenText Business Network (BN), previously known as Information Exchange (iX), is a set of offerings that
facilitate eﬁicient, secure, and compliant exchange of information inside and outside the enterprise. BN solutions include:
- Business-to-Business (B2B) Integration services help optimize the reliability, reach, and cost efficiency of an
enterprise's electronic supply chain while reducing costs, infrastructure and overhead.
- Fax Solutions automate business fax and electronic document distribution to improve the business impact of company
information, increase employee productivity and decrease paper-based operational costs.
° Secure Messaging helps to share and synchronize files across an organization, across teams and with business
partners, while leveraging the latest smartphones and tablets to provide information on the go without sacrificing
information governance or security.
7