Research and Development
The industry in which we compete is subject to rapid technological developments, evolving industry standards, changes
in customer requirements and competitive new products and features. As a result, our success, in part, depends on our ability to
continue to enhance our existing products in a timely and efficient manner and to develop and introduce new products that meet
customer needs while reducing total cost of ownership. To achieve these objectives, we have made and expect to continue to
make investments in research and development, through internal and third-party development activities, third-party licensing
agreements and potentially through technology acquisitions. Our research and development expenses were $194.1 million for
Fiscal 2016, $196.5 million for Fiscal 2015, and $176.8 million for Fiscal 2014. We believe our spending on research and
development is an apprOpriate balance between managing our organic growth and results of operation. We expect to continue to
invest in research and development to maintain and improve our products and services offerings.
Acquisitions During the Last Five Fiscal Years
Our competitive position in the marketplace requires us to maintain a complex and evolving array of technologies,
products, services and capabilities. In light of the continually evolving marketplace in which we operate, we regularly evaluate
acquisition opportunities within the EIM market and at any time may be in various stages of discussions with respect to such
opportunities.
Pursuing strategic acquisitions is an important aspect to our current and future growth strategy, which we expect to
continue, in order to strengthen our service offerings in the EIM market. In Fiscal 2016 we acquired Daegis, ANX and CEM
Business. Daegis was a global software and services company. Its acquisition brings a broad range of information governance
expertise and technology to OpenText, which we believe better enables our customers to mitigate the risks and costs associated
with "information sprawl" and the permanent retention of information. ANX was a leading provider of cloud-based information
exchange services to the US. automotive and healthcare industries, which we believe complements our existing B2B
integration solutions while strengthening our presence in these industries. Lastly, in Fiscal 2016 we also acquired CEM
Business that we believe complement our current offerings in CEM and related cloud oﬁerings, while providing our customers
with leading software products in marketing optimization, mobile marketing and in “voice” of the customer programs.
Below is a summary of the more material acquisitions we have made over the last five fiscal years.
In Fiscal 2016, we completed the following acquisitions:
° On May 1, 2016, we acquired ANXe Business Corporation, a leading provider of cloud-based information exchange
services to the automotive and healthcare industries, based in Michigan, United States. Total consideration for ANX
was approximately $104.6 million.
° On April 30, 2016, we acquired certain customer experience software and services assets and liabilities from HP Inc.
(CEM Business) for approximately $160.0 million.
° On November 23, 2015, we acquired Daegis Inc, a global information governance, data migration solutions and
development company, based in Texas, United States. Total consideration for Daegis was approximately $23.3
million.
Prior to Fiscal 2016, we completed the following acquisitions:
- On January 16, 2015, we acquired Actuate Corporation (Actuate), based in San Francisco, California, United States,
for $332.0 million, comprised of approximately $322.4 million in cash and shares we purchased of Actuate in the
open market with a fair value of approximately $9.5 million as of the date of acquisition. Actuate was a leader in
personalized analytics and insights.
- On January 2, 2015, we acquired Informative Graphics Corporation (IGC), based in Scottsdale, Arizona, United
States, for approximately $40.0 million. IGC was a leading developer of viewing, annotation, redaction and
publishing commercial software.
- On January 16, 2014, we acquired GXS Group Inc. (GXS), a Delaware corporation and leader in cloud-based B2B
integration services for $1.2 billion, inclusive of the issuance of 2,595,042 OpenText Common Shares.
° On August 15, 2013, we acquired Cordys Holding B.V. (Cordys), a leading provider of BPM and case management
solutions, offered on one platform with cloud, mobile, and social capabilities, based in Putten, the Netherlands for
$33.2 million.
° On May 23, 2013, we acquired ICCM Professional Services Limited (ICCM), a company based in Malmesbury,
United Kingdom, for $18.9 million. ICCM is a provider of IT service management software solutions.
° On March 5, 2013, we acquired Resonate KT Limited (RKT), a company based in Cardiff, United Kingdom, for
$20.0 million. RKT was a leading provider of software that enables organizations to visualize unstructured data,
create new user experiences for ECM and xECM for SAP, as well as build industry-based applications that
maximize unstructured data residing within Content Server, a key component of the OpenText ECM suite.
1 1