consider it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. In determining the valuation allowance, we
consider factors such as the reversal of deferred income tax liabilities, projected taxable income, and the character of income
tax assets and tax planning strategies. A change to these factors could impact the estimated valuation allowance and income tax
expense.
We account for our uncertain tax provisions by using a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax
positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence
indicates it is more likely than not, based solely on the technical merits, that the position will be sustained on audit, including
resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the appropriate amount of the benefit
to recognize. The amount of benefit to recognize is measured as the maximum amount which is more likely than not to be
realized. The tax position is derecognized when it is no longer more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit.
On subsequent recognition and measurement the maximum amount which is more likely than not to be recognized at each
reporting date will represent the Company's best estimate, given the information available at the reporting date, although the
outcome of the tax position is not absolute or final. We recognize both accrued interest and penalties related to liabilities for
income taxes within the "Provision for Income Taxes" line of our Consolidated Statements of Income.
See Note 2 "Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements" to our Consolidated Financial Statements
included in this Annual Report on Form lO-K for more details.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following tables provide a detailed analysis of our results of operations and financial condition. For each of the
periods indicated below, we present our revenues by product, revenues by major geography, cost of revenues by product, total
gross margin, total operating margin, gross margin by product, and their corresponding percentage of total revenue. In addition,
we provide Non-GAAP measures for the periods discussed in order to provide additional information to investors that we
believe will be useful as this presentation is in line with how our management assesses our Company's performance. See "Use
of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for a reconciliation of GAAP-based measures to Non-GAAP-based measures.
40