Fiscal 2018 LT 1P - Stock Options
The stock options granted in connection with the Fiscal 2018 LTIP vest over four years, do not have any specific
performance-based vesting criteria and, if not exercised, expire after seven years.
Other Long-Term Equity Grants
In addition to grants made in connection with the LTIP, from time to time, we may grant stock options and/or RSUs to
new strategic hires and to our employees in recognition of their service, such as for promotions. In Fiscal 2016, we granted
stock options and RSUs to one of our Named Executive Oﬁicers, namely, Mr. Murphy, in connection with the commencement
of his employment with us. Details of these grants are contained in the table below under “Grants of Plan Based Awards Fiscal
2016”. Our RSUs and stock options vest over a specified contract date, typically over three and four years, respectively, and do
not have any specific performance criteria. With respect to stock option grants, the Board will determine the following, based
upon the recommendation of the Compensation Committee: the executive officers entitled to participate in our stock option
plan, the number of options to be granted, and any other material terms and conditions of the stock option grant.
All stock option grants, whether part of the LTIP or granted separately for new hires and promotions of existing
employees, are governed by our stock option plans. In addition, grants and exercises of stock options are subject to our Insider
Trading Policy. For details of our Insider Trading Policy, see “Other Information With Respect to Our Compensation Program -
Insider Trading Policy” below.
For details on the determination of targeted awards and our benchmarking process, see "Compensation Objective -
Competitive Compensation" above.
Executive Change in Control and Severance Benefits
Our severance benefit agreements are designed to provide reasonable compensation to departing senior executive oﬂicers
under certain circumstances. While we do not believe that the severance benefits would be a determinative factor in a senior
executive's decision to join or remain with the Company, the absence of such benefits, we believe, would present a distinct
competitive disadvantage in the market for talented executive officers. Furthermore, we believe that it is important to set forth
the benefits payable in triggering circumstances in advance in an attempt to avoid future disputes or litigation.
The severance benefits we offer to our senior executive officers are competitive with similarly situated individuals and
companies. We have structured our senior executive officers' change in control benefits as “double trigger” benefits, meaning
that the benefits are only paid in the event of, first, a change in control transaction, and second, the loss of employment within
one year after the transaction. These benefits attempt to provide an incentive to our senior executive officers to remain
employed with the Company in the event of such a transaction.
Other Information With Respect to Our Compensation Program
Pension Plans
We do not provide pension benefits or any non-qualified deferred compensation to any of our Named Executive Officers.
Share Ownership Guidelines
We currently have equity ownership guidelines (Share Ownership Guidelines), the objective of which is to encourage our
senior management, including our Named Executive Officers, and our directors to buy and hold Common Shares in the
Company based upon an investment target. We believe that the Share Ownership Guidelines help align the financial interests of
our senior management team and directors with the financial interests of our shareholders.
The equity ownership levels are as follows:
CEO 4x base salary
Other senior management 1x base salary
Non-management director 3x annual retainer
For purposes of the Share Ownership Guidelines, individuals are deemed to hold all securities over which he or she is the
registered or beneficial owner thereof under the rules of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act through any contract,
arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise in which such person has or shares:
- voting power which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of, such security; and/or
87