CAD $980,000. The acquired company's revenues, for this purpose, is equal to the acquired company's revenues for the 12
months prior to the date of acquisition.
During Fiscal 2016, Mr. Sadler received approximately CAD $1.0 million in consulting fees from OpenText (equivalent
to $0.8 million USD), inclusive of bonus fees for assistance with acquisition-related business activities. Mr. Sadler abstained
from voting on all transactions from which he would potentially derive consulting fees.
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services
The aggregate fees for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP,
for Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015 were:
Audit Fees
Audit fees were $3.8 million for Fiscal 2016 and $2.5 million for Fiscal 2015. Such fees were primarily for professional
services rendered for (a) the annual audits of our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying attestation report
regarding our ICF R contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, (b) the review of quarterly financial information included
in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, (c) audit services related to mergers and acquisitions, and (d) services related to
statutory audits where applicable.
Audit-Related Fees
Audit-related fees were approximately $0.1 million for Fiscal 2016 and $0.2 million for Fiscal 2015.Audit-re1ated fees
were primarily for assurance and related services, such as the review of non-periodic filings with the SEC.
Tax Fees
The total fees for tax services were approximately $0.03 million for Fiscal 2016 and $0.04 million for Fiscal 2015. These
fees were for services related to tax compliance, including the preparation of tax returns, tax planning and tax advice.
Other Fees
None.
Pre-Approval Policy
OpenText's Audit Committee has established a policy of reviewing, in advance, and either approving or not approving, all
audit, audit-related, tax and other non-audit services that our independent registered public accounting firm provides to us. This
policy requires that all services received from our independent registered public accounting firm be approved in advance by the
Audit Committee or a delegate of the Audit Committee (in this regard). The Audit Committee has delegated the pre-approval
responsibility to the Chair of the Audit Committee. All services that KPMG LLP provided to us in Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015
have been pre-approved by the Audit Committee.
The Audit Committee has determined that the provision of the services as set out above is compatible with the
maintaining of KPMG LLP's independence in the conduct of its auditing functions.
1 03