include nominees with different skills, experiences and perspectives on the Board. This ﬂexible approach allows the Company
to consider each director individually as well as the Board composition generally to determine if the appropriate balance is
being achieved.
Diversity in Executive Ofﬁcer Positions
The Company is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace, including advancing women to executive officer
positions. The Company has not adopted specific objectives or targets regarding women at the executive officer level; however,
the Company has adopted a formal written Global Diversity and Inclusion Policy which expresses its commitment to fostering
a diverse and inclusive workplace for all employees. The Company currently only has one woman (8%) on the executive
leadership team (ELT), our Senior Vice President, Human Resources, while 20% of existing positions on the senior leadership
team (SLT), exclusive of our ELT, are held by women. A principal objective of our Global Diversity and Inclusion Policy is to
support and monitor the identification, development and retention of diverse employees, including gender diversity at executive
and leadership positions. We will continue to develop a sustainable culture of diversity and inclusion that provides all
employees an opportunity to excel.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT
Our Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with our management the following Compensation Discussion
and Analysis (CD&A). Based on this review and discussion, our Compensation Committee has recommended to the Board of
Directors (Board) that the following CD&A be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016.
This report is provided by the following independent directors, who comprise our Compensation Committee:
Michael Slaunwhite (Chair), Brian J. J ackrnan, Deborah Weinstein.
To the extent that this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been or will be specifically incorporated by reference into any
filing by us under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, this “Compensation Committee Report” shall
not be deemed “soliciting materials”, unless specifically otherwise provided in any such filing.
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
The following discussion and analysis of compensation arrangements of the following individuals for the year which
ended on June 30, 2016 (Fiscal 2016), should be read together with the compensation tables and related disclosures set forth
below: (i) our principal executive officer, (ii) our principal financial oﬁicer, and (iii) our three most highly compensated
executive officers, other than our principal executive officer and principal financial officer (collectively, the Named Executive
Officers). This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on our current plans, considerations, expectations
and projections regarding future compensation programs. Actual compensation programs that we adopt in the future may diﬁer
materially from the various planned programs summarized in this discussion.
Payments in Canadian dollars included herein, unless otherwise specified, are converted to US. dollars using an average
annual exchange rate of 0.755310.
Overview of Compensation Program
The compensation of our Named Executive Officers is the responsibility of the Compensation Committee of OpenText's
board of directors (the Compensation Committee or the Committee), either alone or in certain circumstances, in consultation
with the Board. The Compensation Committee ensures compensation decisions are in line with our goal to provide total
compensation to our Named Executive Oﬂicers that (i) is fair, reasonable and consistent with our compensation philosophy to
achieve our short-term and long-term business goals, and (ii) provides market competitive compensation. The Named
Executive Officers who are the subject of this CD&A are:
- Mark J. Barrenechea - Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Oﬂicer (CEO)
- John M. Doolittle - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
° Steve Murphy - President
° Gordon A. Davies - Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Development
- Muhi Majzoub - Executive Vice President, Engineering
77