customer contracts (ii) the acquired company's brand and competitive position, as well as assumptions about the period of time
that the acquired brand will continue to be used in the combined company's product portfolio, and (iii) discount rates. Upon the
conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever
comes first, any subsequent adjustments would be recorded to our consolidated statements of operations.
For a given acquisition, we generally identify certain pre—acquisition contingencies as of the acquisition date and may
extend our review and evaluation of these pre-acquisition contingencies throughout the measurement period in order to obtain
sufficient information to assess whether we include these contingencies as a part of the purchase price allocation and, if so, to
determine the estimated amounts.
If we determine that a pre—acquisition contingency (non-income tax related) is probable in nature and estimable as of the
acquisition date, we record our best estimate for such a contingency as a part of the preliminary purchase price allocation. We
often continue to gather information and evaluate our pre—acquisition contingencies throughout the measurement period and if
we make changes to the amounts recorded or if we identify additional pre-acquisition contingencies during the measurement
period, such amounts will be included in the purchase price allocation during the measurement period and, subsequently, in our
results of operations.
Uncertain tax positions and tax related valuation allowances assumed in connection with a business combination are
initially estimated as of the acquisition date. We review these items during the measurement period as we continue to actively
seek and collect information relating to facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date. Changes to these uncertain
tax positions and tax related valuation allowances made subsequent to the measurement period, or if they relate to facts and
circumstances that did not exist at the acquisition date, are recorded in our provision for income taxes in our Consolidated
Statements of Income.
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net tangible and
intangible assets acquired. The carrying amount of goodwill is periodically reviewed for impairment (at a minimum annually)
and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of this asset may not be recoverable.
Our operations are analyzed by management and our chief operating decision maker (CODM) as being part of a single
industry segment: the design, development, marketing and sales of Enterprise Information Management software and solutions.
Therefore, our goodwill impairment assessment is based on the allocation of goodwill to a single reporting unit.
We perform a qualitative assessment to test our reporting unit's goodwill for impairment. Based on our qualitative
assessment, if we determine that the fair value of our reporting unit is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood of more than 50
percent) to be less than its carrying amount, the two step impairment test is performed. In the first step, we compare the fair
value of our reporting unit to its carrying value. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is not
considered impaired and we are not required to perform further testing. If the carrying value of the net assets of our reporting
unit exceeds its fair value, then we must perform the second step of the two step impairment test in order to determine the
implied fair value of our reporting unit's goodwill. If the carrying value our reporting unit's goodwill exceeds its implied fair
value, then an impairment loss equal to the difference would be recorded.
Our annual impairment analysis of goodwill was performed as of April 1, 2016. Our qualitative assessment indicated that
there were no indications of impairment and therefore there was no impairment of goodwill required to be recorded for Fiscal
2016 (no impairments were recorded for Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014).
Derivative ﬁnancial instruments
We use derivative financial instruments to manage foreign currency rate risk. We account for these instruments in
accordance with ASC Topic 815, “Derivatives and Hedging” (Topic 815), which requires that every derivative instrument be
recorded on the balance sheet as either an asset or liability measured at its fair value as of the reporting date. Topic 815 also
requires that changes in our derivative financial instruments' fair values be recognized in earnings; unless specific hedge
accounting and documentation criteria are met (i.e. the instruments are accounted for as hedges). We recorded the eﬁective
portions of the gain or loss on derivative financial instruments that were designated as cash ﬂow hedges in accumulated other
comprehensive income, net of tax, in our accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Any ineffective or excluded portion of a
designated cash ﬂow hedge, if applicable, was recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Income.
1 18