EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW
We operate in the Enterprise Information Management (EIM) market. We are an independent company providing a
comprehensive platform and suite of software products and services that assist organizations in finding, utilizing, and sharing
business information from any device in ways which are intuitive, efficient and productive. Our technologies and business
solutions address one of the biggest problems encountered by enterprises today: the explosive growth of information volume
and formats. Our software and services allow organizations to manage the information that ﬂows into, out of, and throughout
the enterprise as part of daily operations. Our solutions help to improve customer satisfaction and digital experience, gain
analytical insight, improve collaboration with business partners, address the legal and business requirements associated with
information governance, and help to ensure that information remains secure and private, as demanded in today's highly
regulated climate.
Our products and services are designed to provide the benefits of maximizing the value of enterprise information while
largely minimizing its risks. Our solutions incorporate collaborative and mobile technologies and are delivered for on—premises
deployment as well as through cloud, hybrid and managed hosted services models to provide the ﬂexibility and cost
eﬂiciencies demanded by the market. In addition, we provide solutions that facilitate the exchange of information and
transactions that occur between supply chain participants, such as manufacturers, retailers, distributors and financial
institutions, and are central to a company’s ability to effectively collaborate with its partners.
Our initial public offering was on the NASDAQ in 1996 and we were subsequently listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange
in 1998. We are a multinational company and as of June 30, 2016, employed approximately 8,900 people worldwide.
Fiscal 2016 Summary:
During Fiscal 2016 we saw the following activity:
- Total revenue was $1,824.2 million, down 1.5% compared to the prior fiscal year; up 3.0% after factoring the impact
of $79.7 million of foreign exchange rate changes.
- Total recurring revenue was $1,540.5 million, down 1.1% compared to the prior fiscal year; up 3.0% after factoring
the impact of $64.6 million of foreign exchange rate changes.
- Cloud services and subscriptions revenue was $601.0 million, down 0.7% compared to the prior fiscal year; up 2.5%
after factoring the impact of $19.4 million of foreign exchange rate changes.
- License revenue was $283.7 million, down 3.6% compared to the prior fiscal year; up 1.5% after factoring the
impact of $15.1 million of foreign exchange rate changes.
° GAAP-based EPS, diluted, was $2.33 compared to $1.91 in the prior fiscal year.
- Non-GAAP-based BPS, diluted, was $3.54 compared to $3.46 in the prior fiscal year.
° GAAP-based gross margin was 68.5% compared to 67.7% in the prior fiscal year.
° GAAP-based operating margin was 20.2% compared to 18.8% in the prior fiscal year.
- Non-GAAP-based operating margin was 33.8% compared to 30.9% in the prior fiscal year.
° Operating cash ﬂow was $525.7 million, up 1% from the prior fiscal year.
- Cash and cash equivalents was $1,283.8 million as of June 30, 2016, compared to $700.0 million as of June 30,
2015. The Company raised $600 million in debt in Fiscal 2016. For more details, refer to the "Liquidity and Capital
resources" section below.
See "Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for a reconciliation of GAAP-based measures to Non-GAAP-based
measures.
See "Acquisitions" below for the impact of acquisitions on the period-to-period comparability of results.
Acquisitions
Our competitive position in the marketplace requires us to maintain a complex and evolving array of technologies,
products, services and capabilities. In light of the continually evolving marketplace in which we operate, on an ongoing basis
we regularly evaluate acquisition Opportunities within the EIM market and at any time may be in various stages of discussions
with respect to such opportunities.
Acquisition of ANXe Business Corporation
On May 1, 2016, we acquired ANXe Business Corporation (ANX), a leading provider of cloud-based information
exchange services to the automotive and healthcare industries, for approximately $104.6 million. We believe this acquisition
will strengthen our industry presence and reach in the automotive and healthcare industries through strong customer
34