Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this letter, including statements about the focus of Open Text Corporation (“OpenText” or “the Company”) in our fiscal year ending June 30,
2017 (Fiscal 2017) on growth in earnings and cash flows, creating value through investments in broader Enterprise Information Management (EIM) capabilities,
distribution, the Company's presence in the cloud and in growth markets, expected growth in our revenue lines, adjusted operating income and cash flow, its financial
condition, results of operations and earnings, announced acquisitions, ongoing tax matters, purchases of common shares by OpenText pursuant to the NCIB,
declaration of quarterly dividends, future tax rates, and other matters, may contain words such as "anticipates", "expects", "intends", "plans", "believes", "seeks",
"estimates", "may", "could", "would", "might", "will" and variations of these words or similar expressions are considered forward-looking statements or information
under applicable securities laws. In addition, any information or statements that refer to expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, performance or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking, and based on our current expectations, forecasts and
projections about the operating environment, economies and markets in which we operate. Forward-looking statements reflect our current estimates, beliefs and
assumptions, which are based on management's perception of historic trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it
believes are appropriate in the circumstances, such as certain assumptions about the economy, as well as market, financial and operational assumptions.
Management's estimates, beliefs and assumptions are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive and other uncertainties and contingencies
regarding future events and, as such, are subject to change. We can give no assurance that such estimates, beliefs and assumptions will prove to be correct. Such
forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors and assumptions that may cause the actual results, performance or
achievements to differ materially. Such factors include, but are not limited to: (i) the future performance, financial and otherwise, of OpenText; (ii) the ability of
OpenText to bring new products and services to market and to increase sales; (iii) the strength of the Company's product development pipeline; (iv) the Company's
growth and profitability prospects; (v) the estimated size and growth prospects of the EIM market; (vi) the Company's competitive position in the EIM market and its
ability to take advantage of future opportunities in this market; (vii) the benefits of the Company's products and services to be realized by customers; (viii) the demand
for the Company's products and services and the extent of deployment of the Company's products and services in the EIM marketplace; (ix) the Company's financial
condition and capital requirements; and (x) statements about the impact of "Open Text Release 16" and other product releases. The risks and uncertainties that may
affect forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (i) integration of acquisitions and related restructuring efforts, including the quantum of
restructuring charges and the timing thereof; (ii) the potential for the incurrence of or assumption of debt in connection with acquisitions and the impact on the ratings
or outlooks of rating agencies on the Company’s outstanding debt securities; (iii) the possibility that the Company may be unable to meet its future reporting
requirements under the US. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules promulgated thereunder; (iv) the risks associated with bringing new products
and services to market; (v) fluctuations in currency exchange rates; (vi) delays in the purchasing decisions of the Company's customers; (vii) the competition the
Company faces in its industry and/or marketplace; (viii) the final determination of litigation, tax audits (including tax examinations in the United States and elsewhere)
and other legal proceedings; (ix) potential exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities or expenses, including with respect to changes in Canadian, US. or
international tax regimes; (x) the possibility of technical, logistical or planning issues in connection with the deployment of the Company's products or services; (xi) the
continuous commitment of the Company's customers; and (xii) demand for the Company's products and services. For additional information with respect to risks and
other factors which could occur, see the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other securities filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) and other securities regulators. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, which
speak only as of the date made. Unless otherwise required by applicable securities laws, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Notes
(1) All dollar amounts in this letter are in US. Dollars unless otherwise indicated.
(2) CC: Constant currency for this purpose is defined as the current period reported revenues/expenses/earnings represented at the prior comparative period's
foreign exchange rate.
(3) Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures: In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with US. GAAP, the Company provides certain financial
measures that are not in accordance with US. GAAP (Non-GAAP).These Non-GAAP financial measures have certain limitations in that they do not have a
standardized meaning and thus the Company's definition may be different from similar Non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies and/or analysts
and may differ from period to period. Thus it may be more difficult to compare the Company's financial performance to that of other companies. However, the
Company's management compensates for these limitations by providing the relevant disclosure of the items excluded in the calculation of these Non-GAAP
financial measures both in its reconciliation to the US. GAAP financial measures and its consolidated financial statements, all of which should be considered
when evaluating the Company's results.
The Company uses these Non-GAAP financial measures to supplement the information provided in its consolidated financial statements, which are presented
in accordance with US. GAAP. The presentation of Non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be a substitute for financial measures presented in
accordance with US. GAAP, but rather should be evaluated in conjunction with and as a supplement to such US. GAAP measures. OpenText strongly
encourages investors to review its financial information in its entirety and not to rely on a single financial measure. The Company therefore believes that
despite these limitations, it is appropriate to supplement the disclosure of the US. GAAP measures with certain Non-GAAP measures defined below.
Non-GAAP-based net income and Non-GAAP-based EPS are calculated as net income or earnings per share on a diluted basis, excluding the amortization of
acquired intangible assets, other income (expense), share-based compensation, and Special charges (recoveries), all net of tax. Non-GAAP-based gross profit is
the arithmetical sum of GAAP-based gross profit, and the amortization of acquired technology-based intangible assets and share-based compensation within
cost of sales. Non-GAAP-based gross margin is calculated as Non-GAAP-based gross profit expressed as a percentage of total revenue. Non-GAAP-based
income from operations is calculated as income from operations, excluding the amortization of acquired intangible assets, Special charges (recoveries), and
share-based compensation expense. Non-GAAP-based operating margin is calculated as Non-GAAP-based income from operations expressed as a percentage
of total revenue.
The Company's management believes that the presentation, of the above defined Non-GAAP financial measures, provides useful information to investors
because they portray the financial results of the Company before the impact of certain non-operational charges. The use of the term “non-operational charge”
is defined for this purpose as an expense that does not impact the ongoing operating decisions taken by the Company's management and is based upon the way
the Company's management evaluates the performance of the Company's business for use in the Company's internal reports. In the course of such evaluation
and for the purpose of making operating decisions, the Company's management excludes certain items from its analysis, including amortization of acquired
intangible assets, Special charges (recoveries), share-based compensation, other income (expense), and the taxation impact of these items. These items are
excluded based upon the manner in which management evaluates the business of the Company and are not excluded in the sense that they may be used under
US. GAAP.
The Company believes the provision of supplemental Non-GAAP measures allow investors to evaluate the operational and financial performance of the
Company's core business using the same evaluation measures that management uses, and is therefore a useful indication of OpenText's performance or
expected performance of future operations and facilitates period-to-period comparison of operating performance (although prior performance is not
necessarily indicative of future performance). As a result, the Company considers it appropriate and reasonable to provide, in addition to US. GAAP measures,
supplementary Non-GAAP financial measures that exclude certain items from the presentation of its financial results in this letter.
See historical filings, including the Company’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, for reconciliations of certain Non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures. The
following charts provide certain (unaudited) reconciliations of US. GAAP-based financial measures to Non-U.S. GAAP-based financial measures for the periods
presented: