Our revenue and operating cash ﬂows could be adversely affected in the short term as we continue to see more customers
transition to our cloud offerings
Should we continue to see more of our customers selecting our subscription pricing and managed service offerings, with
payments made over time rather than a perpetual license with upfront fees, this could, in some cases, result in instances where
reported revenue and cash ﬂow could be lower in the short term when compared to our historical perpetual license model, as
well as varying between periods depending on our customers' preference to license our products or subscribe to our
subscription-based or managed service offerings. While we expect that over time the transition to a cloud and subscription
model will help our business to generate revenue growth by attracting new users, keeping our user base current as subscriptions
allow users to receive the latest product updates and thereby increase recurring revenue per user, there is no guarantee that our
short term revenue and operating cash will not be adversely aﬂfected during any ongoing transition period.
The restructuring of our operations may adversely affect our business or our finances and we may incur restructuring
charges in connection with such actions
We often undertake initiatives to restructure or streamline our operations, particularly during the period post acquisition.
We may incur costs associated with implementing a restructuring initiative beyond the amount contemplated when we first
developed the initiative and these increased costs may be substantial. As well, such costs would adversely impact our results of
operations for the periods in which those adjustments are made. We will continue to evaluate our operations, and may propose
future restructuring actions as a result of changes in the marketplace, including the exit from less profitable operations or the
decision to terminate products or services which are not valued by our customers. Any failure to successfully execute these
initiatives on a timely basis may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could materially affect our ﬁnancial results
Our Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in US. dollars. In general, the functional currency of our
subsidiaries is the local currency. For each subsidiary, assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into
US dollars at the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet dates and revenues and expenses are translated at the average
exchange rates prevailing during the month of the transaction. Therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the US. dollar
against other major currencies affect our net operating revenues, operating income and the value of balance sheet items
denominated in foreign currencies. In addition, unexpected and dramatic devaluations of currencies in developing, as well as
developed, markets could negatively affect our revenues from, and the value of the assets located in, those markets.
Transactional foreign currency gains (losses) included in the Consolidated Statements of Income under the line item “Other
income (expense) net” for Fiscal 2016, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 were $(1.9) million, $(31.0) million, and $4.0 million,
respectively. While we use derivative financial instruments to attempt to reduce our net exposure to currency exchange rate
ﬂuctuations, ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening of the US. dollar against major
currencies or the currencies of large developing countries, could continue to materially affect our financial results. These risks
and their potential impacts may be exacerbated by Brexit. See “-The vote by the United Kingdom to leave the European Union
(EU) could adversely affect us.”
Our international operations expose us to business risks that could cause our operating results to suﬂer
We intend to continue to make efforts to increase our international operations and anticipate that international sales will
continue to account for a significant portion of our revenues. These international operations are subject to certain risks and
costs, including the difficulty and expense of administering business and compliance abroad, differences in business practices,
compliance with domestic and foreign laws (including without limitation domestic and international import and export laws
and regulations), costs related to localizing products for foreign markets, and costs related to translating and distributing
software products in a timely manner. International operations also tend to be subject to a longer sales and collection cycle. In
addition, regulatory limitations regarding the repatriation of earnings may adversely affect the transfer of cash earned from
foreign operations. Significant international sales may also expose us to greater risk from political and economic instability,
unexpected changes in Canadian, United States or other governmental policies concerning import and export of goods and
technology, regulatory requirements, tariffs and other trade barriers. Additionally, international earnings may be subject to
taxation by more than one jurisdiction, which may materially adversely affect our effective tax rate. Also, international
expansion may be difficult, time consuming, and costly. These risks and their potential impacts may be exacerbated by Brexit.
See “-The vote by the United Kingdom to leave the EU could adversely affect us.” As a result, if revenues from international
operations do not offset the expenses of establishing and maintaining foreign operations, our business, operating results and
financial condition will suffer.
1 9