Use of Non- GAAP Financial Measures
In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with US. GAAP, the Company provides certain financial measures
that are not in accordance with US. GAAP (Non-GAAP). These Non-GAAP financial measures have certain limitations in that
they do not have a standardized meaning and thus the Company's definition may be different from similar Non-GAAP financial
measures used by other companies and/or analysts and may differ from period to period. Thus it may be more difficult to
compare the Company's financial performance to that of other companies. However, the Company's management compensates
for these limitations by providing the relevant disclosure of the items excluded in the calculation of these Non-GAAP financial
measures both in its reconciliation to the US. GAAP financial measures and its Consolidated Financial Statements, all of
which should be considered when evaluating the Company's results.
The Company uses these Non-GAAP financial measures to supplement the information provided in its Consolidated
Financial Statements, which are presented in accordance with US. GAAP. The presentation of Non-GAAP financial measures
are not meant to be a substitute for financial measures presented in accordance with US. GAAP, but rather should be evaluated
in conjunction with and as a supplement to such US. GAAP measures. OpenText strongly encourages investors to review its
financial information in its entirety and not to rely on a single financial measure. The Company therefore believes that despite
these limitations, it is apprOpriate to supplement the disclosure of the US. GAAP measures with certain Non-GAAP measures
defined below.
Non-GAAP-based net income and Non-GAAP-based EPS are calculated as net income or earnings per share on a diluted
basis, excluding the amortization of acquired intangible assets, other income (expense), share-based compensation, and Special
charges (recoveries), all net of tax. Non-GAAP-based gross profit is the arithmetical sum of GAAP-based gross profit and the
amortization of acquired technology-based intangible assets and share-based compensation within cost of sales. Non-GAAP-
based gross margin is calculated as Non-GAAP-based gross profit expressed as a percentage of total revenue. Non-GAAP-
based income from operations is calculated as income from operations, excluding the amortization of acquired intangible
assets, Special charges (recoveries), and share-based compensation expense. Non-GAAP-based operating margin is calculated
as Non-GAAP-based income from operations expressed as a percentage of total revenue.
The Company's management believes that the presentation of the above defined Non-GAAP financial measures provides
useful information to investors because they portray the financial results of the Company before the impact of certain non-
operational charges. The use of the term “non-operational charge” is defined for this purpose as an expense that does not impact
the ongoing operating decisions taken by the Company's management and is based upon the way the Company's management
evaluates the performance of the Company's business for use in the Company's internal reports. In the course of such evaluation
and for the purpose of making operating decisions, the Company's management excludes certain items from its analysis,
including amortization of acquired intangible assets, Special charges (recoveries), share-based compensation, other income
(expense), and the taxation impact of these items. These items are excluded based upon the manner in which management
evaluates the business of the Company and are not excluded in the sense that they may be used under US. GAAP.
The Company believes the provision of supplemental Non-GAAP measures allow investors to evaluate the operational
and financial performance of the Company's core business using the same evaluation measures that management uses, and is
therefore a useful indication of OpenText's performance or expected performance of future operations and facilitates period-to-
period comparison of operating performance (although prior performance is not necessarily indicative of future performance).
As a result, the Company considers it appropriate and reasonable to provide, in addition to US. GAAP measures,
supplementary Non-GAAP financial measures that exclude certain items from the presentation of its financial results.
The following charts provide unaudited reconciliations of US. GAAP-based financial measures to Non-GAAP-based
financial measures for the following periods presented:
53