Gail E. Hamilton
Ms. Hamilton has served as a director of OpenText since December 2006. For the five years prior thereto, Ms. Hamilton
led a team of over 2,000 employees worldwide as Executive Vice President at Symantec Corp (Symantec), an infrastructure
software company, and most recently had “P&L” responsibility for their global services and support business. During her five
years at Symantec, Ms. Hamilton helped steer the company through an aggressive acquisition strategy. In 2003, Information
Security magazine recognized Ms. Hamilton as one of the “20 Women Luminaries” shaping the security industry. Ms.
Hamilton has over 20 years of experience growing leading technology and services businesses in the enterprise market. She has
extensive management experience at Compaq and Hewlett Packard, as well as Microtec Research. Ms. Hamilton received both
a BSEE from the University of Colorado and an MSEE from Stanford University. Currently, Ms. Hamilton is also a director of
the following public companies: Ixia, a provider of application performance and security solutions, Westmoreland Coal
Company and Arrow Electronics, Inc, a distributor of components and computer systems.
Brian J. Jackman
Mr. Jackman has served as a director of OpenText since December 2002. Mr. Jackman is the President of the Jackman
Group Inc., a private consulting firm he founded in 2005. From 1982 until his retirement in September 2001, Mr. Jackman held
various positions with Tellabs Inc., a US. based manufacturer of telecommunications equipment, most recently as Executive
Vice President of the company, and President, Global Systems and Technologies division, and as a member of the board of
directors of the company. Prior to joining Tellabs Inc., Mr. Jackman worked for IBM Corporation from 1965 to 1982, in a
variety of systems, sales and marketing positions. Mr. Jackman also serves as a director of PC-TEL, Incorporated. Mr. Jackman
received a BA from Gannon University and an MBA from The Pennsylvania State University.
Stephen J. Sadler
Mr. Sadler has served as a director of OpenText since September 1997. From April 2000 to present, Mr. Sadler has served
as the Chairman and CEO of Enghouse Systems Limited, a publicly traded software engineering company that develops
geographic information systems as well as contact center systems. Mr. Sadler was previously Chief Financial Officer, President
and Chief Executive Oﬂicer of GEAC Computer Corporation Ltd. (GEAC). Prior to Mr. Sadler's involvement with GEAC, he
held executive positions with Phillips Electronics Limited and Loblaws Companies Limited, and was Chairman of Helix
Investments (Canada) Inc. Currently, Mr. Sadler is a director of Enghouse Systems Limited. Mr. Sadler holds a BA. Sc.
(Honours) in Industrial Engineering and an MBA. (Dean's List) and he is a Chartered Professional Accountant. In the past five
years, Mr. Sadler also served as a director of Frontline Technologies Inc. (formerly Belzberg Technologies Inc.)
Michael Slaunwhite
Mr. Slaunwhite has served as a director of OpenText since March 1998. Mr. Slaunwhite is presently the Executive
Chairman of Halogen Software Inc. Mr. Slaunwhite had served as CEO and Chairman of Halogen Software Inc., a provider of
talent management software, from 2000 to August 2006, and as President and Chairman from 1995 to 2000. From 1994 to
1995, Mr. Slaunwhite was an independent consultant to a number of companies, assisting them with strategic and financing
plans. Mr. Slaunwhite was the Chief Financial Officer of Corel Corporation from 1988 to 1993. Mr. Slaunwhite holds a BA.
Commerce (Honours) from Carleton University.
Katharine B. Stevenson
Ms. Stevenson has served as a director of OpenText since December of 2008. She is a corporate director who has served
on a variety of public company boards in Canada and the United States. Ms. Stevenson is director of the Canadian Imperial
Bank of Commerce (CIBC). She chairs its Corporate Governance Committee and is a member of its Management Resources
and Compensation Committee. Ms. Stevenson is also a director of CAE Inc., where she is Chairman of the Audit Committee.
CIBC and CAE Inc. are publicly listed companies. She was formerly a senior finance executive of Nortel Networks
Corporation from 1995 to 2007, serving as global treasurer. Previously, she held a variety of positions in investment and
corporate banking at JP Morgan Chase & Co. Ms. Stevenson holds a BA. (Magna Cum Laude) from Harvard University. She
is certified with the professional designation ICD.D. granted by the Institute of Corporate Directors (ICD). Previously, Ms.
Stevenson also served as a director of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. and OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc.
Deborah Weinstein
Ms. Weinstein has served as a director of OpenText since December 2009. Ms. Weinstein is a co-founder and partner of
LaBarge Weinstein LLP, a business law firm based in Ottawa, Ontario, since 1997. Ms. Weinstein's legal practice specializes in
corporate finance, securities law, mergers and acquisitions and business law representation of public and private companies,
primarily in knowledge-based growth industries. Prior to founding LaBarge Weinstein LLP, Ms. Weinstein was a partner of the
law firm Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP, where she practiced from 1990 to 1997 in Ottawa, and in Toronto from 1985 to 1987.
75