Board's Role in Risk Oversight
The Board has responsibility for risk oversight. On an annual basis, management reviews our risk management policies
and practices and presents the results of this review to the Board. In addition, each committee reviews and reports to the Board
on risk oversight matters, as described below.
The Audit Committee oversees risks related to our accounting, financial statements and financial reporting process.
The Compensation Committee oversees risks which may be associated with our compensation policies, practices and
programs, in particular with respect to our executive officers. The Compensation Committee assesses such risks with the
review and assistance of the Company's management and the Compensation Committee's external compensation consultants.
The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee monitors risk and potential risks with respect to the effectiveness
of the Board, and considers aspects such as director succession, Board composition and the principal policies that guide the
Company's overall corporate governance.
The members of each of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and the Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee are all “independent” directors within the meaning ascribed to it in Multilateral Instrument 52-llO-Audit
Committees as well as the listing standards of NASDAQ, and, in the case of the Audit Committee, the additional independence
requirements set out by the SEC.
All of our directors are kept informed of our business through open discussions with our management team, including our
President and CEO, who serves on our Board. The Board also receives documents, such as quarterly and periodic management
reports and financial statements, as well our directors have access to all books, records and reports upon request, and members
of management are available at all times to answer any questions which Board members may have.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneﬁcial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
The following table sets forth certain information as of June 30, 2016 regarding Common Shares beneficially owned by
the following persons or companies: (i) each person or company known by us to be the beneficial owner of approximately 5%
or more of our outstanding Common Shares, (ii) each director of our Company, (iii) each Named Executive Officer, and (iv) all
directors and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, we believe that the beneficial owners of the
Common Shares listed below have sole investment and voting power with respect to such Common Shares, subject to
community property laws where applicable.
The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned as exhibited in Item 12 is based on filings made in accordance
with the rules of the SEC, and is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules,
beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which a person has sole or shared voting or investment power and also any
shares of Common Shares underlying options or warrants that are exercisable by that person within 60 days of June 30, 2016.
Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each person or entity named in the table is “care of” Open Text Corporation, 275
Frank Tompa Drive, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, N2L 0A1.
100