the integrated or new products or enhancements do not achieve acceptance by the marketplace, our operating results will
materially suffer. Moreover, if new industry standards emerge that we do not anticipate or adapt to, or with rapid technological
change occurring, if alternatives to our services and solutions are developed by our competitors, our software products and
services could be rendered obsolete, causing us to lose market share and, as a result, harm our business and operating results,
and our ability to compete in the marketplace.
If our software products and services do not gain market acceptance, our operating results may be negatively aﬂected
We intend to pursue our strategy of being a market leading consolidator for cloud-based EIM solutions, and growing the
capabilities of our EIM software offerings through our proprietary research and the development of new software product and
service oﬁerings, as well as through acquisitions. In response to customer demand, it is important to our success that we
continue to enhance our software products and services and to seek to set the standard for EIM capabilities. The primary market
for our software products and services is rapidly evolving which means that the level of acceptance of products and services
that have been released recently, including Release 16, or that are planned for future release by the marketplace is not certain. If
the markets for our software products and services fail to develop, develop more slowly than expected or become subject to
increased competition, our business may suffer. As a result, we may be unable to: (i) successfully market our current products
and services, (ii) develop new software products and services and enhancements to current software products and services,
(iii) complete customer implementations on a timely basis, or (iv) complete software products and services currently under
development. In addition, increased competition could put significant pricing pressures on our products which could negatively
impact our margins and profitability. If our software products and services are not accepted by our customers or by other
businesses in the marketplace, our business, operating results and financial condition will be materially aﬁected.
Our investment in our current research and development efforts may not provide a sufficient, timely return
The deve10pment of EIM software products is a costly, complex and time-consuming process, and the investment in EIM
software product development often involves a long wait until a return is achieved on such an investment. We are making, and
will continue to make, significant investments in software research and development and related product opportunities.
Investments in new technology and processes are inherently speculative. Commercial success depends on many factors,
including the degree of innovation of the software products and services developed through our research and development
eﬁorts, sufficient support from our strategic partners, and effective distribution and marketing. Accelerated software product
introductions and short product life cycles require high levels of expenditures for research and development. These
expenditures may adversely affect our operating results if they are not oﬁset by revenue increases. We believe that we must
continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts in order to maintain our
competitive position. However, significant revenues from new software product and service investments may not be achieved
for a number of years, if at all. Moreover, new software products and services may not be profitable, and even if they are
profitable, operating margins for new software products and services may not be as high as the margins we have experienced
for our current or historical software products and services.
Product development is a long, expensive and uncertain process, and we may terminate one or more of our development
programs
We may determine that certain software product candidates or programs do not have suﬂicient potential to warrant the
continued allocation of resources. Accordingly, we may elect to terminate one or more of our programs for such product
candidates. If we terminate a software product in development in which we have invested significant resources, our prospects
may suffer, as we will have expended resources on a project that does not provide a return on our investment and we may have
missed the opportunity to have allocated those resources to potentially more productive uses and this may negatively impact
our business, operating results and financial condition.
Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our ability to compete effectively
We are highly dependent on our ability to protect our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of copyright,
patent, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as non-disclosure agreements and other contractual provisions to establish and
maintain our proprietary rights. We intend to protect our intellectual property rights vigorously; however, there can be no
assurance that these measures will, in all cases, be successful. Enforcement of our intellectual property rights may be difficult,
particularly in some countries outside of North America in which we seek to market our software products and services. While
US. and Canadian copyright laws, international conventions and international treaties may provide meaningful protection
against unauthorized duplication of software, the laws of some foreign jurisdictions may not protect proprietary rights to the
same extent as the laws of Canada or the United States. The absence of internationally harmonized intellectual property laws
makes it more difficult to ensure consistent protection of our proprietary rights. Software piracy has been, and is expected to be,
a persistent problem for the software industry, and piracy of our software products represents a loss of revenue to us. Where
l4