applicable, certain of our license arrangements have required us to make a limited confidential disclosure of portions of the
source code for our software products, or to place such source code into escrow for the protection of another party. Despite the
precautions we have taken, unauthorized third parties, including our competitors, may be able to copy certain portions of our
software products or reverse engineer or obtain and use information that we regard as pr0prietary. Also, our competitors could
independently develop technologies that are perceived to be substantially equivalent or superior to our technologies. Our
competitive position may be adversely affected by our possible inability to eﬁectively protect our intellectual property. In
addition, certain of our products contain open source software. Licensees of open source software may be required to make
public certain source code, to license pr0prietary software for free or to make certain derivative works available to others.
While we monitor and control the use of open source software in our products and in any third party software that is
incorporated into our products, and we try to ensure that no open source software is used in such a way as to require us to
disclose the source code to the related product or service, there can be no guarantee that such use could not inadvertently occur.
If this happened it could harm our intellectual property position and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition.
Other companies may claim that we infringe their intellectual property, which could materially increase costs and materially
harm our ability to generate future revenues and proﬁts
Claims of infringement are becoming increasingly common as the software industry develops and as related legal
protections, including copyrights and patents, are applied to software products. Although we do not believe that our products
infringe on the rights of third parties, third parties have and will continue to assert infringement claims against us in the future.
Although most of our technology is proprietary in nature, we do include certain third party and open source software in our
software products. In the case of third party software, we believe this software is licensed from the entity holding the
intellectual property rights. Although we believe that we have secured proper licenses for all third-party intellectual property
that is integrated into our products, third parties may continue to assert infringement claims against us in the future, including
the sometimes aggressive and opportunistic actions of non-practicing entities whose business model is to obtain patent-
licensing revenues from operating companies such as us. Any such assertion, regardless of merit, may result in litigation or may
require us to obtain a license for the intellectual property rights of third parties. Such licenses may not be available or they may
not be available on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, as we continue to develop software products and expand our
portfolio using new technology and innovation, our exposure to threats of infringement may increase. Any infringement claims
and related litigation could be time-consuming, disruptive to our ability to generate revenues or enter into new market
opportunities and may result in significantly increased costs as a result of our defense against those claims or our attempt to
license the intellectual property rights or rework our products to avoid infringement of third party rights. Typically our
agreements with our partners and customers contain provisions which require us to indemnify them for damages sustained by
them as a result of any infringement claims involving our products. Any of the foregoing infringement claims and related
litigation could have a significant adverse impact on our business and operating results as well as our ability to generate future
revenues and profits.
The loss of licenses to use third-party software or the lack of support or enhancement of such software could adversely
affect our business
We currently depend upon a limited number of third-party software products. If such software products were not
available, we might experience delays or increased costs in the development of our software products. For a limited number of
our product modules, we rely on software products that we license from third-parties, including software that is integrated with
internally developed software and which is used in our products to perform key functions. These third-party software licenses
may not continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms and the related software may not continue to be
appropriately supported, maintained, or enhanced by the licensors. The loss by us of the license to use, or the inability by
licensors to support, maintain, or enhance any of such software, could result in increased costs, lost revenues or delays until
equivalent software is internally developed or licensed from another third party and integrated with our software. Such
increased costs, lost revenues or delays could adversely affect our business.
Current and future competitors could have a significant impact on our ability to generate future revenues and profits
The markets for our software products and services are intensely competitive and are subject to rapid technological
change and other pressures created by changes in our industry. The convergence of many technologies has resulted in
unforeseen competitors arising from companies that were traditionally not viewed as threats to our marketplace. We expect
competition to increase and intensify in the future as the pace of technological change and adaptation quickens and as
additional companies enter our markets, including those competitors who oﬁer similar solutions as we do, but offer it through a
different form of delivery. Numerous releases of competitive products have occurred in recent history and are expected to
continue in the future. We may not be able to compete effectively with current competitors and potential entrants into our
marketplace. We could lose market share if our current or prospective competitors: (i) introduce new competitive products or
15