Ms. Weinstein also serves as a director of Dynex Power Inc., a manufacturer of power semiconductors, and on a number of not-
for-profit boards. Ms. Weinstein holds an LL.B. from Osgoode Hall Law School of York University. In the last five years, Ms.
Weinstein also served as a director of LW Capital Pool Inc. and Standard Innovation Corporation, a private company.
Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings
Ms. Stevenson served as the Treasurer of Nortel Networks Corporation (Nortel) from 2000 to August 2007. Mr. Doolittle
served as the Chief Financial Officer of Nortel from 2009 to 2012. Mr. Davies served as the Chief Legal Officer and Corporate
Secretary of Nortel during 2007 and from January to September 2009. In January 2009, Nortel filed petitions under applicable
bankruptcy and insolvency laws of the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom.
Mr. Fowlie was a director of Meikle Group Inc. (Meikle Group), a private company, from June 2009 to April 2010.
Subsequent to Mr. Fowlie's resignation, as part of a restructuring, creditors appointed a receiver to sell the business assets and
transfer employees of Meikle Group, as a going concern, to a newly financed company.
Mr. Sadler was a director of Frontline Technologies Inc. (formerly Belzberg Technologies Inc.) from October 1997 to
April 2012. Subsequent to Mr. Sadler's resignation, Frontline Technologies Inc. filed an assignment into bankruptcy under
applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws of Canada.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee currently consists of three directors, Mr. Fowlie (Chair) and Mses. Hamilton and Stevenson, all of
whom have been determined by the Board of Directors to be independent as that term is defined in NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2)
and in Rule 10A-3 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act, and within the meaning of our director independence
standards and those of any exchange, quotation system or market upon which our securities are traded.
The responsibilities, mandate and operation of the Audit Committee are set out in the Audit Committee Charter, a copy of
which is available on the Company's website, investors. opentext. com under the Corporate Governance section.
The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Fowlie qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as such term is
defined in SEC Regulation S-K, Item 407(d)(5)(ii).
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
We have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Ethics Code) that applies to all of our directors, officers and
employees. The Ethics Code incorporates our guidelines designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote honest and ethical
conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conﬂicts of interest between personal and professional
relationships, and compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The Ethics Code also incorporates our expectations of
our employees that enable us to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in our filings with the SEC
and other public communications.
The full text of the Ethics Code is published on our web site at investors. opentext. com under the Corporate Governance
section.
If we make any substantive amendments to the Ethics Code or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a
provision of the Ethics Code to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Oﬁicer or Chief Accounting Oﬂicer, we will
disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website at investors. opentext. com or on a Current Report on Form 8-K.
Board Diversity and Term Limits
The Company, including the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, Views diversity in a broad context
and considers a variety of factors when assessing nominees for the Board. The Company has established a Board Diversity
Policy recognizing that a Board made up of highly qualified directors from diverse backgrounds, including diversity of gender,
age, race, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity and geographic representation, is important. The Company has not established a
specific target number or date by which to achieve a specific number of women on the Board, as we consider a multitude of
factors, including skills, experience, expertise and character, in determining the best nominee at the time and consider the
Company ’5 objectives and challenges at such time. There are currently three women on the Board which represents
approximately 33% of the current Board and of the director nominees, and 50% of the current independent Board members.
The Company has not set term limits for independent directors because it values the cumulative experience and
comprehensive knowledge of the Company that long serving directors possess. The Company does not have a director
retirement policy, however the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee considers the results of its director
assessment process in determining the nominees to be put forward. In conducting director evaluations and nominations, the
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee considers the composition of the Board and whether there is a need to
76