cash and cash equivalents we would report in equivalent US. dollars would decrease by approximately $33.7 million (June 30,
2015—$24.4 million).
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The response to this Item 8 is submitted as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Part IV, Item 15.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
(A) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our management, with the participation of the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule l3a—15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that as of June 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were eﬁective to provide reasonable assurance that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act were recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms, and that information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file under the Exchange Act (according to Rule 13(a)-15(e)) is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as apprOpriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
(B) Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
(ICF R), as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule l3a—15(f). ICFR is a process designed by, or under the supervision of,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other
personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. ICF R includes those
policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reﬂect the
transactions and dispositions of assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and
expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorizations of our management and our directors; and (iii) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on our financial statements.
Our management assessed our ICF R as of June 30, 2016, the end of our most recent fiscal year. In making our
assessment, our management used the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Our management has excluded from our evaluation the ICF R of ANXe Business Corporation (ANX), which we acquired
on May 1, 2016, as discussed in note 18 "Acquisitions" to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Total revenues subject to ANX's ICFR represented 0.4% of our consolidated total revenues for
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. Total assets subject to ANX's ICFR represented 2.5% of our consolidated total assets as of
June 30, 2016.
Based on the results of our evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, concluded that our ICF R was effective as of June 30, 2016.
The results of our management’s assessment was reviewed with our Audit Committee and the conclusion that our ICFR
was eﬁective as of June 30, 2016 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated
in their report which is included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report.
Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, do not expect that our disclosure
controls or our ICFR will prevent or detect all error or all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system's objectives will be met. The design of a control
system must reﬂect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their
costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
69