The vote by the United Kingdom to leave the EU could adversely affect us
The recent United Kingdom referendum on its membership in the EU resulted in a majority of United Kingdom voters
voting to exit the EU (Brexit). We have operations in the United Kingdom and the EU, and as a result, we face risks associated
with the potential uncertainty and disruptions that may follow Brexit, including with respect to volatility in exchange rates and
interest rates and potential material changes to the regulatory regime applicable to our operations in the United Kingdom.
Brexit could adversely affect European or worldwide political, regulatory, economic or market conditions and could contribute
to instability in global political institutions, regulatory agencies and financial markets. For example, depending on the terms of
Brexit, the United Kingdom could also lose access to the single EU market and to the global trade deals negotiated by the EU
on behalf of its members. Disruptions and uncertainty caused by Brexit may also cause our customers to closely monitor their
costs and reduce their spending budget on our products and services. Any of these effects of Brexit, and others we cannot
anticipate or that may evolve over time, could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
Our software products and services may contain defects that could harm our reputation, be costly to correct, delay revenues,
and expose us to litigation
Our software products and services are highly complex and sophisticated and, from time to time, may contain design
defects, software errors, hardware failures or other computer system failures that are difficult to detect and correct. Errors may
be found in new software products or services or improvements to existing products or services after delivery to our customers.
If these defects are discovered, we may not be able to successfully correct such errors in a timely manner. In addition, despite
the extensive tests we conduct on all our software products or services, we may not be able to fully simulate the environment in
which our products or services will operate and, as a result, we may be unable to adequately detect the design defects or
software or hardware errors which may become apparent only after the products are installed in an end-user's network, and
users have transitioned to our services. The occurrence of errors and failures in our software products or services could result in
the delay or the denial of market acceptance of our products and alleviating such errors and failures may require us to make
significant expenditure of our resources. Customers often use our services and solutions for critical business processes and as a
result, any defect or disruption in our solutions, any data breaches or misappropriation of proprietary information, or any error
in execution, including human error or intentional third-party activity such as denial of service attacks or hacking, may cause
customers to reconsider renewing their contract with us. The errors in or failure of our software products and services could
also result in us losing customer transaction documents and other customer files, causing significant customer dissatisfaction
and possibly giving rise to claims for monetary damages. The harm to our reputation resulting from product and service errors
and failures may be materially damaging. Since we regularly provide a warranty with our software products, the financial
impact of fulfilling warranty obligations may be significant in the future. Our agreements with our strategic partners and end-
users typically contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to claims. These agreements regularly contain terms such as
the exclusion of all implied warranties and the limitation of the availability of consequential or incidental damages. However,
such provisions may not effectively protect us against claims and the attendant liabilities and costs associated with such claims.
Any claims for actual or alleged losses to our customers’ businesses may require us to spend significant time and money in
litigation or arbitration or to pay significant settlements or damages. Defending a lawsuit, regardless of merit, can be costly and
would divert management’s attention and resources. Although we maintain errors and omissions insurance coverage and
comprehensive liability insurance coverage, such coverage may not be adequate to cover all such claims. Accordingly, any such
claim could negatively affect our business, operating results or financial condition.
Our software products rely on the stability of infrastructure software that, if not stable, could negatively impact the
effectiveness of our products, resulting in harm to our reputation and business
Our development of Internet and intranet applications depend on the stability, functionality and scalability of the
infrastructure software of the underlying intranet, such as the infrastructure software produced by Hewlett-Packard, Oracle,
Microsoft and others. If weaknesses in such infrastructure software exist, we may not be able to correct or compensate for such
weaknesses. If we are unable to address weaknesses resulting from problems in the infrastructure software such that our
software products do not meet customer needs or expectations, our reputation, and consequently, our business may be
significantly harmed.
Risks associated with the evolving use of the Internet, including changing standards, competition, and regulation and
associated compliance efforts, may adversely impact our business
The use of the Internet as a vehicle for electronic data interchange (EDI), and related services currently raises numerous
issues, including reliability, data security, data integrity and rapidly evolving standards. New competitors, which may include
media, software vendors and telecommunications companies, offer products and services that utilize the Internet in competition
with our products and services and may be less expensive or process transactions and data faster and more eﬂiciently. Internet-
based commerce is subject to increasing regulation by Canadian, US. federal and state and foreign governments, including in
20