Fixed Pa);
Fixed pay includes:
- Base salary;
- Perquisites; and
° Other benefits.
Base Salary
The base salary review for each Named Executive Officer takes into consideration factors such as current competitive
market conditions and particular skills (such as leadership ability and management effectiveness, experience, responsibility and
proven or expected performance) of the particular individual. The Compensation Committee obtains information regarding
competitive market conditions through the assistance of management and our compensation consultants.
The performance of each of our Named Executive Officers, other than our CEO, is assessed by our CEO in his capacity
as the direct supervisor of the other Named Executive Officers. The performance of our CEO is assessed by the Board. The
Board conducts the initial discussions and makes the initial decisions with respect to the performance of our CEO in a special
session from which management is absent.
For details on the determination of base salary and our benchmarking process, see "Competitive Compensation" above.
Perquisites
Our Named Executive Officers receive a minimal amount of non-cash compensation in the form of executive perquisites.
In order to remain competitive in the market place, our Named Executive Oﬁicers are entitled to some limited benefits that are
not otherwise available to all of our employees, including:
- An annual executive medical physical examination;
- A base allowance to cover expenses such as financial planning or health club memberships.
Other Beneﬁts
We provide various employee benefit programs on the same terms to all employees, including our Named Executive
Officers, such as, but not limited to:
- Medical health insurance;
- Dental insurance;
- Life insurance; and
- Tax based retirement savings plans matching contributions.
Short-Term Incentives
In Fiscal 2016, all of our Named Executive Oﬁicers participated in our short-term incentive plan, which is designed to
motivate achievement of our short-term corporate goals. Awards made under the short-term incentive plan are made by way of
cash payments only.
The amount of the short-term incentive payable to each Named Executive Officer, in general, is based on the ability of
each Named Executive Officer to meet pre-established, qualitative and quantitative corporate objectives related to improving
shareholder and company value, as applicable, which are reviewed and approved by the Compensation Committee and the
Board. For all Named Executive Officers these objectives consist of worldwide revenues and worldwide adjusted operating
income. In addition to these targets, all of our Named Executive Officers, with the exception of Mr. Murphy, have goals which
are specific to their role, which we refer to as Personal Objectives. Personal Objectives are measurable and relevant to how we
operate and grow and may include matters such as succession planning, corporate development initiatives and specific
operational objectives. Mr. Murphy joined the Company halfway through its fiscal year and as a result was not assigned any
Personal Objectives for Fiscal 2016. Mr. Murphy is expected to have Personal Objectives set for the Company's next fiscal
year.
Worldwide revenues are derived from the “Total Revenues” line of our audited income statement with certain
adjustments relating to the aging of accounts receivable. Worldwide revenues are an important variable that helps us to assess
our Named Executive Officers” roles in helping us to grow and manage our business.
8 l