Compensation Oversight Process
Role of Compensation Committee
The Compensation Committee has responsibility for the oversight of executive compensation within the terms and
conditions of our various compensation plans. The Compensation Committee approves the compensation of our executive
officers, including all Named Executive Oﬂicers with the exception of our CEO. In making compensation decisions relating to,
among other things, performance targets, base salary, bonuses, short-term incentives and long-term incentives, the
Compensation Committee considers the input of the CEO. With respect to the compensation of our CEO, the Compensation
Committee makes recommendations to the Board for approval. The Compensation Committee reviews and approves all equity
awards related to executive compensation, which are granted by the Board.
The Board, the Compensation Committee, and our management have instituted a set of detailed policies and procedures
to evaluate the performance of each of our Named Executive Oﬁicers which help determine the amount of the short-term
incentives and long-term incentives to award to each Named Executive Officer.
The Compensation Committee considers previous compensation awards, the impact of tax, accounting treatments and
applicable regulatory requirements when approving compensation programs.
During Fiscal 2016, the Committee’s work included the following:
- Executive Compensation Review - The Compensation Committee continually reviews compensation practices and
policies with respect to our senior management team against similar-sized global technology companies, in order to
allow us to place our compensation practices for these positions in a market context. This benchmarking may include a
review of base salary, total cash compensation and total direct compensation.
- Long-Term Incentive Plan - The Compensation Committee reviewed quarterly analysis provided by Mercer Canada
Limited (Mercer) related to performance under all outstanding Performance Share Unit Programs (for details on the
programs, refer to the section titled “Long Term Incentives”).
In reaching its decisions, the Compensation Committee may consider input from management, analysis provided from the
compensation consultant, as well as other factors that the Committee considers appropriate. Decisions made by the
Compensation Committee are the responsibility of the Committee and may reﬂect factors and considerations other than the
information and/or recommendations provided by management and the compensation consultants.
The Compensation Committee met four times during Fiscal 2016. Management assisted in the coordination and
preparation of the meeting agenda and materials for each meeting. The agenda is reviewed and approved by the Chairman of
the Compensation Committee. The meeting materials are generally posted and made available to the other Committee members
and invitees, if any, for review approximately one week in advance of each meeting.
Compensation Consultant
From time to time, the Compensation Committee may seek the advice of an outside compensation consultant to provide
assistance and guidance on compensation issues. This consultant has been screened and chosen by the Compensation
Committee in discussion with management. The consultant may provide the Compensation Committee with relevant
information pertaining to market compensation levels, alternative compensation plan designs, market trends and best practices
and assists the Compensation Committee with respect to determining the apprOpriate benchmarks for each Named Executive
Officer's compensation. In Fiscal 2016, the Compensation Committee retained Hugessen Consulting Inc. (Hugessen), an
independent consulting firm specializing in executive compensation consulting. Hugessen was not engaged to provide any
other services to the Company outside of its capacity as compensation consultants.
NASDAQ standards require compensation committees to have certain responsibilities and authority regarding the
retention, oversight and funding of such committees' advisors and perform an evaluation of each advisor's independence, taking
into consideration all factors relevant to that person's independence from management. NASDAQ standards also require that
such rights and responsibilities be enumerated in the compensation committee's charter. While, as a foreign private issuer, we
are exempt from these rules, nonetheless, our Compensation Committee has the sole authority to retain and terminate outside
consultants.
78