Customer Support
The first year of our customer support offering is usually purchased by customers together with the license of our EIM
software products. Customer support is typically renewed on an annual basis and historically customer support revenues have
been a significant portion of our total revenue. Through our OpenText customer support programs, customers receive access to
software upgrades, a knowledge base, discussions, product information, and an online mechanism to post and review “trouble
tickets”. Additionally, our customer support teams handle questions on the use, configuration, and functionality of OpenText
products and can help identify software issues, develop solutions, and document enhancement requests for consideration in
future product releases.
Professional Service and Other
We provide consulting and learning services to customers and generally these services relate to the implementation,
training and integration of our licensed product oﬁerings into the customer's systems.
Our consulting services help customers build solutions that enable them to leverage their investments in our technology
and in existing enterprise systems. The implementation of these services can range from simple modifications to meet specific
departmental needs to enterprise applications that integrate with multiple existing systems.
Our learning services consultants analyze our customers' education and training needs, focusing on key learning
outcomes and timelines, with a view to creating an appropriate education plan for the employees of our customers who work
with our products. Education plans are designed to be ﬂexible and can be applied to any phase of implementation: pilot, roll-
out, upgrade or refresher. OpenText learning services employ a blended approach by combining mentoring, instructor-led
courses, webinars, eLearning and focused workshops.
Marketing and Sales
Customers
Our customer base consists of a number of Global 10,000 organizations as well as mid-market companies and
government agencies. Historically, including in Fiscal 2016, no single customer has accounted for 10% or more of our total
revenues.
Global Distribution Channels
We operate on a global basis and in Fiscal 2016 we generated approximately 58% of our revenues from our “Americas”
region, which consists of countries in North, Central, and South America, approximately 33% from our "EMEA" region, which
primarily consists of countries in Europe, Africa, and the Middle East, and approximately 9% from our "Asia Pacific" region,
which primarily consists of Japan, Australia, China, Korea, Philippines, Singapore and New Zealand. We make direct sales of
products and services through our global network of subsidiaries.
Partners and Alliances
We also market our products and services worldwide through indirect channels. We partner with prominent organizations
in the enterprise software and hardware industries in an effort to enhance the value of our solutions and the investments our
customers have made in their existing systems. We strive to create mutually beneficial relationships with global systems
integrators, consultants, and software and hardware developers that augment and extend our products and services. Through
these relationships, we and our partners are better able to fulfill key market objectives, drive new business, establish a
competitive advantage, and create demonstrable business value.
Our strategic partners are:
OpenT ext and SAP AG (SAP)
OpenText and SAP have shared many years of partnership and close collaboration. Our solutions help customers improve
the way they manage content from SAP systems in order to assist them to improve efficiency in key processes, manage
compliance and reduce costs. Our targeted solutions let customers create, access, manage and securely archive content for SAP
systems, including data, multimedia content, and documents. In addition, our solutions for SAP allow customers to address
stringent requirements for risk reduction, operational efficiency and information technology consolidation. OpenText products
are typically used by SAP customers as part of their key business processes.
9