Leased Facilities
We lease approximately 1,695,000 square feet both domestically and internationally. Our significant leased facilities
include the following facilities:
- Hyderabad facility, located in India, totaling approximately 152,000 square feet;
° Grasbrunn facility, located in Germany, totaling approximately 123,000 square feet of oﬂice and storage;
- Makati City facility, located in Manila, Philippines, totally approximately 117,000 square feet;
- Richmond Hill facility, located in Ontario, Canada, totaling approximately 101,000 square feet;
° Gaithersburg facility, located in Maryland, United States, totaling approximately 84,000 square feet;
- Alpharetta facility, located in Georgia, United States, totaling approximately 54,000 square feet;
- Reading facility, located in Reading, UK, totaling approximately 53,000 square feet; and
- Tinton Falls facility, located in New Jersey, United States, totaling approximately 45,000 square feet;
Due to restructuring and merger integration initiatives, we have vacated approximately 158,000 square feet of our leased
properties. The vacated space has either been sublet or is being actively marketed for sublease or disposition.
In addition we also maintain a customer briefing centre and management office in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
In the normal course of business, we are subject to various legal claims, as well as potential legal claims. While the
results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe that the final outcome of these matters will not
have a materially adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial conditions.
For more information regarding litigation and the status of certain regulatory and tax proceedings, please refer to Part I,
Item 1A "Risk Factors" and to note 13 “Guarantees and Contingencies” to our Consolidated Financial Statements, which are set
forth in Part II, under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form lO-K.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
26