Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Open Text Corporation
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Open Text Corporation as of June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015,
and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders” equity and cash ﬂows for each of the
years in the three-year period ended June 30, 2016. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of Open Text Corporation as of June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, and its consolidated results of operations and
its consolidated cash ﬂows for each of the years in the three-year period ended June 30, 2016, in conformity with US. generally
accepted accounting principles.
As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, Open Text Corporation adopted new accounting pronouncements,
related to the retrospective presentation of deferred income tax assets and liabilities as non-current and the retrospective presentation
of debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, in
the year ended June 30, 2016.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Open
Text Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control
- Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COS O), and
our report dated July 26, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of Open Text Corporation’s internal control
over financial reporting.
/s/ KPMG LLP
Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants
Toronto, Canada
July 26, 2016
1 0 8