Directors who are salaried officers or employees receive no compensation for serving as directors. Mr. Barrenechea was the
only employee director in Fiscal 2016. The material terms of our director compensation arrangements are as follows:
I Description I Amount and Frequency of Payment
Annual Chairman retainer fee payable to the Chairman of the $200,000 per year payable following our Annual General
Board Meeting
. . 50,000 er director a able follo in o r Ann al General
Annual retamer fee payable to each non-management director iqeeting p p y w g u u
Annual Inde endent Lead Director fee a able to the . .
Independentriead Director p y $25,000 payable follow1ng our Annual General Meeting
Annual Audit Committee retainer fee payable to each member $25,000 per year payable at $6,250 at the beginning of
of the Audit Committee each quarterly_period.
Annual Audit Committee Chair retainer fee payable to the Chair $10,000 per year payable at $2,500 at the beginning of
of the Audit Committee each quarterly_period.
Annual Compensation Committee retainer fee payable to each $15,000 per year payable at $3,750 at the beginning of
member of the Compensation Committee each quarterly_period.
Annual Compensation Committee Chair retainer fee payable to $10,000 per year payable at $2,500 at the beginning of
the Chair of the Compensation Committee each quarterly_period.
Annual Corporate Governance Committee retainer fee payable $8,000 per year payable at $2,000 at the beginning of each
to each member of the Corporate Governance Committee quarterly_period.
Annual Corporate Governance Committee Chair retainer fee $6,000 per year payable at $1,500 at the beginning of each
,payabiejojhenChair whenCm‘pmateiGcmernanC,e,C,ommittee nuanerlxpeniod.
The Board has adopted a DSU Plan which is available to any non-management director of the Company. In Fiscal 2016,
certain directors elected to receive DSUs instead of a cash payment for his or her directors’ fees. In addition to the scheduled
fee arrangements set forth in the table above, whether paid in cash or DSUs, non-management directors also receive an annual
DSU grant representing the long term component of their compensation. The amount of the annual DSU grant is discretionary;
however, historically, the amount of this grant has been determined and updated on a periodic basis with the assistance of the
Compensation Committee and the compensation consultant and benchmarked against director compensation for comparable
companies. DSUs granted as compensation for directors fees vest immediately whereas the annual DSU grant vests at the
Company’s next annual general meeting. No DSUs are payable by the Company until the director ceases to be a member of the
Board.
As with its employees, the Company believes that granting compensation to directors in the form of equity, such as DSUs,
promotes a greater alignment of long-term interests between directors of the Company and the shareholders of the Company.
During Fiscal 2016, no stock options were granted to non-management directors and the Company has taken the position that
non-management directors will receive DSUs instead of stock options where granting of equity awards is appropriate. All non-
management directors have exceeded the Share Ownership Guidelines applicable to them, which is three times their annual
retainer. For further details of our Share Ownership Guidelines as they relate to directors, see “Share Ownership Guidelines”
above.
The Company does not have a retirement policy for its directors; however, the Company does review its director
performance annually as part of its governance process.
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
The members of our Compensation Committee consist of Messrs. Slaunwhite (Chair) and Jackman and Ms. Weinstein.
None of the members of the Compensation Committee have been or are an officer or employee of the Company, or any of our
subsidiaries, or had any relationship requiring disclosure herein. None of our executive officers served as a member of the
compensation committee of another entity (or other committee of the board of directors performing equivalent functions, or in
the absence of any such committee, the entire board of directors) one of whose executive officers served as a director of ours.
99