Analytics
Analytics solutions help organizations gain insight from their structured and unstructured information, make predictions,
visualize and report on business processes, customer interactions and a myriad of other sources of information. This analytical
data can then be used to refine business processes or content utilization, make predictions, identify trends, improve customer
service or be applied in a multitude of different scenarios. OpenText Analytics solutions include:
- Embedded Reporting and Visualization is used to embed reports and visualizations of data in an array of
applications, including the OpenText EIM Suites and many third party data sources.
- Big Data Analysis is the analysis of large sets of information from databases, files, ERP and Customer Relationship
Management (CRM) systems and a variety of other sources. Modeling and predictive algorithms may be applied to
this data using OpenText solutions to extract meaningful insight or predictive models to solve customer problems or
help with operational insight.
Discovery:
Discovery solutions organize and visualize all relevant content and make it possible for business users to quickly locate
information and make better informed decisions based on timely, contextualized information. Discovery solutions include:
° Search addresses information security and productivity requirements by securely indexing all information for fast
retrieval and real-time monitoring.
° Semantic Navigation improves the end-user experience of websites by enabling intuitive visual exploration of site
content through contextual navigation.
- Auto-Classiﬁcation improves the quality of information governance through intelligent metadata extraction and
accurate classification of information.
- InfoFusion makes it possible for organizations to deal with the issue of so-called “information silos” resulting from,
for instance, numerous disconnected information sources across the enterprise. Using a framework of adapters, an
information access platform allows organizations to consolidate, decommission, archive and migrate content from
virtually any system or information repository.
OpenText Revenues
Our business consists of four revenue streams: license, cloud services and subscriptions, customer support, and
professional service and other. For information regarding our revenues and assets by geography for Fiscal 2016, Fiscal 2015
and Fiscal 2014, see note 19 “Segment Information” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 to
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
License
License revenues consist of fees earned from the licensing of software products to our customers. Our license revenues
are impacted by the strength of general economic and industry conditions, the competitive strength of our software products,
and our acquisitions. The decision by a customer to license our software products often involves a comprehensive
implementation process across the customer’s network or networks and the licensing and implementation of our software
products may entail a significant commitment of resources by prospective customers. As revenue from cloud services and
subscriptions has increased in recent years, license revenues have decreased as a proportion of our total revenues.
Cloud services and subscriptions
Cloud services and subscription revenues consist of (i) software as a service offerings (ii) managed service arrangements
and (iii) subscription revenues relating to on premise oﬁerings. These offerings allow customers to transmit a variety of
content between various mediums and to securely manage enterprise information without the commitment of investing in
related hardware infrastructure.
In addition, we offer B2B integration solutions, such as messaging services, and managed services. Messaging services
allow for the automated and reliable exchange of electronic transaction information, such as purchase orders, invoices,
shipment notices and other business documents, among businesses worldwide. Managed services provide an end-to-end fully
outsourced B2B integration solution to our customers, including program implementation, operational management, and
customer support. These services enable customers to effectively manage the ﬂow of electronic transaction information with
their trading partners and reduce the complexity of disparate standards and communication protocols.
8