direct costs of materials and services, which generally includes outside contractors, and interest. We do not capitalize any
general and administrative or overhead costs or costs incurred during the application development stage related to training or
data conversion costs. Costs related to upgrades and enhancements to internal-use software, if those upgrades and
enhancements result in additional functionality, are capitalized. If upgrades and enhancements do not result in additional
functionality, those costs are expensed as incurred. If different determinations are made with respect to whether upgrades or
enhancements to software projects would result in additional functionality, then the amount capitalized and the amount charged
to expense for that project could differ materially.
We amortize capitalized costs with respect to development projects for internal-use software when the software is ready
for use. The capitalized software development costs are generally amortized using the straight-line method over a 5-year
period. In determining and reassessing the estimated useful life over which the cost incurred for the software should be
amortized, we consider the effects of obsolescence, technology, competition and other economic factors. If different
determinations are made with respect to the estimated useful life of the software, the amount of amortization charged in a
particular period could differ materially.
Business combinations
We apply the provisions of ASC Topic 805, “Business Combinations” (Topic 805), in the accounting for our acquisitions.
It requires us to recognize separately from goodwill the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair
values. Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition
date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. While we use our best estimates and assumptions to
accurately value assets acquired and liabilities, including contingent consideration where applicable, assumed at the acquisition
date, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement, particularly since these assumptions and estimates are
based in part on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies. As a result,
during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the
assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill in the period identified. Furthermore, when
valuing certain intangible assets that we have acquired, critical estimates may be made relating to, but not limited to: (i) future
expected cash ﬂows from software license sales, cloud SaaS and PaaS contracts, support agreements, consulting agreements
and other customer contracts (ii) the acquired company's brand and competitive position, as well as assumptions about the
period of time that the acquired brand will continue to be used in the combined company's product portfolio, and (iii) discount
rates. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities
assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments would be recorded to our Consolidated Statements of Income.
Costs to exit or restructure certain activities of an acquired company or our internal operations are accounted for as one-
time termination and exit costs pursuant to Topic 420 and are accounted for separately from the business combination.
For a given acquisition, we generally identify certain pre-acquisition contingencies as of the acquisition date and may
extend our review and evaluation of these pre-acquisition contingencies throughout the measurement period in order to obtain
sufficient information to assess whether we include these contingencies as a part of the purchase price allocation and, if so, to
determine the estimated amounts.
If we determine that a pre-acquisition contingency (non-income tax related) is probable in nature and estimable as of the
acquisition date, we record our best estimate for such a contingency as a part of the preliminary purchase price allocation. We
often continue to gather information and evaluate our pre-acquisition contingencies throughout the measurement period and if
we make changes to the amounts recorded or if we identify additional pre-acquisition contingencies during the measurement
period, such amounts will be included in the purchase price allocation during the measurement period and, subsequently, in our
results of operations.
Uncertain tax positions and tax related valuation allowances assumed in connection with a business combination are
initially estimated as of the acquisition date. We review these items during the measurement period as we continue to actively
seek and collect information relating to facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date. Changes to these uncertain
tax positions and tax related valuation allowances made subsequent to the measurement period, or if they relate to facts and
circumstances that did not exist at the acquisition date, are recorded in our provision for income taxes in our Consolidated
Statements of Income.
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net tangible and
intangible assets acquired. The carrying amount of goodwill is periodically reviewed for impairment (at a minimum annually)
and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of this asset may not be recoverable.
38