Subsequent Events
Internal Reorganization
In July 2016, we implemented a reorganization of our subsidiaries worldwide with the View to continuing to enhance
operational and administrative eﬂiciencies through further consolidated ownership, management, and development of our
intellectual property (IP) in Canada, continuing to reduce the number of entities in our group and working towards our
objective of having a single operating legal entity in each jurisdiction. We believe our reorganization also reduces our exposure
to global political and tax uncertainties, particularly in Europe. We believe that further consolidating our IP in Canada will
continue to ensure appropriate legal protections for our consolidated IP, simplify legal, accounting and tax compliance, and
improve our global cash management.
A material tax benefit, currently expected to be several hundred million dollars, associated with the recognition of a net
deferred tax asset is expected to be realized upon the completion of the IP reorganization in the first quarter of Fiscal 2017. This
is anticipated to have a material impact of reducing our tax provision in Fiscal 2017 as well as our consolidated income tax rate
in Fiscal 2017.
Cash Dividends
As part of our quarterly, non-cumulative cash dividend program, we declared, on July 26, 2016, a dividend of $0.23 per
Common Share. The record date for this dividend is August 26, 2016 and the payment date is September 16, 2016. Future
declarations of dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to the final determination and
discretion of our Board of Directors.
Acquisition of Recommind Inc.
On July 20, 2016, we closed our previously announced acquisition of Recommind Inc. (Recommind), a leading provider
of eDiscovery and information analytics, by acquiring all of its equity interests for approximately $170 million. Recommind's
SaaS and managed services solutions deliver insight from unstructured data to help people make better, faster business
decisions. The financial results of Recommind will be consolidated from the closing date in our financial statements for the first
quarter of Fiscal 2017 .
Share Repurchase Plan
On July 26, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase plan for the repurchase of up to $200 million
of our Common Shares, pursuant to a normal course issuer bid.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We do not enter into off-balance sheet financing as a matter of practice, except for guarantees relating to taxes and letters
of credit on behalf of parties with whom we conduct business, and the use of operating leases for oﬂice space, computer
equipment, and vehicles. None of the operating leases described in the previous sentence has, and we currently do not believe
that they potentially may have, a material effect on our financial condition, revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures or capital resources. In accordance with US. GAAP, neither the lease liability nor the underlying asset is
carried on the balance sheet, as the terms of the leases do not meet the criteria for capitalization.
67