compensation, and its purpose is two-fold: (i) as a component of a competitive compensation package; and (ii) to align the
interests of our executive officers with the interests of our shareholders. Grants are consistent with competitive market practice,
and vesting occurs over time, to ensure alignment with our performance over the longer term.
Long-Term Incentive Plans (LT 1P) - General
A target value is established by the Compensation Committee for each Named Executive Officer, except for the CEO,
whose target value is established by the Board, based on competitive market practice and by the respective Named Executive
Officer’s ability to inﬂuence financial or operational performance. Grants are generally made annually and are comprised of the
components outlined in the table below.
The target value of the LTIP is split into three components, with 50% represented by Performance Share Units (PSUs),
25% represented by Restricted Share Units (RSUs) and 25% represented by stock options. PSUs and RSUs are based on a
rolling three-year program, which means that assessment of a Named Executive Officer's performance under each grant is made
continuously over the period, but payments on that grant may only be made at the end of the applicable three year term in either
cash or Common Shares, at the discretion of the Board. Options granted under the LTIP generally vest over four years. The
LTIP payments may also be subject to certain payment limitations in the event of early termination of employment or change in
control of the Company. As well, LTIP payments are subject to mandatory repayment or “clawback” in the event of fraud,
willful misconduct or gross negligence by any executive officer, including a Named Executive Officer, affecting the financial
performance or financial statements of the Company or the price of our Common Shares. The performance targets and the
weightings of performance targets under each LTIP are first recommended by the Compensation Committee and then approved
by the Board. No dividends are paid or accrued on PSUs or RSUs.
I I % of Total I I I I
Vehicle LTIP Description Vesting Payout
Performance 50% of LTIP The value of each PSU is equivalent to one Cliff vesting in Once vested, units will be
Share Units target award Common Share. The number of PSUs granted is the third year settled in either Common
(PSU) value determined by converting the dollar value of the following the Shares or cash, at the
target award to PSUs, based on an average share determination discretion of the Board.
price determined at time of Board grant. The by the Board We expect to settle these
number of PSUs to vest will be based on the that the awards in Common
Company’s total shareholder return (TSR) at the performance Shares.
end of a three year period as compared to the criteria have
TSR of companies comprising the constituents of been met.
the S&P MidCap400 Software and Services
Index.
Restricted 25% of LTIP The value of each RSU is equivalent to one Cliff vesting Once vested, units will be
Share Units target award Common Share. The number of RSUs granted is three years after settled in either Common
(RSU) value determined by converting the dollar value of the grant date. Shares or cash, at the
target award to RSUs, based on an average share discretion of the Board.
price determined at time of Board grant. We expect to settle these
awards in Common
Shares.
Stock 25% of LTIP The dollar value of the target award is converted Vestrng is Once vested, participants
Options target award to a number of options using a Black Scholes typically 25% may exercise options for
value model. The exercise price is equal to the closing on each of the Common Shares.
price of our Common Shares on the trading day first four
preceding the date of grant. anniversaries of
grant date.
Options expire
seven years
after the grant
date.
Fiscal 2018 LT [P
For each Named Executive Officer, the compensation target under the Fiscal 2018 LTIP was determined based on the
Named Executive Officer's overall compensation and by their ability to inﬂuence our financial or operational performance.
The target compensation set for each Named Executive Oﬁicer under the Fiscal 2018 LTIP is comprised of three
elements: PSUs, RSUs and stock options and represent 50%, 25% and 25%, respectively, of the Named Executive Officer’s
85