enhancements result in additional functionality, are capitalized. If upgrades and enhancements do not result in additional
functionality, those costs are expensed as incurred. If diﬁerent determinations are made with respect to whether upgrades or
enhancements to software projects would result in additional functionality, then the amount capitalized and the amount charged
to expense for that project could diﬁer materially.
We amortize capitalized costs with respect to development projects for internal-use software when the software is ready
for use. The capitalized software development costs are generally amortized using the straight-line method over a 5-year period.
In determining and reassessing the estimated useful life over which the cost incurred for the software should be amortized, we
consider the effects of obsolescence, technology, competition and other economic factors. If different determinations are made
with respect to the estimated useful life of the software, the amount of amortization charged in a particular period could differ
materially.
As of June 30, 2016 and 2015 our capitalized software development costs were $53.5 million and $38.6 million,
respectively. Our additions, relating to capitalized software development costs, incurred during Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015
were $14.9 million and $18.6 million, respectively.
Acquired intangibles
Acquired intangibles consist of acquired technology and customer relationships associated with various acquisitions.
Acquired technology is initially recorded at fair value based on the present value of the estimated net future income-
producing capabilities of software products acquired on acquisitions. We amortize acquired technology over its estimated useful
life on a straight-line basis.
Customer relationships represent relationships that we have with customers of the acquired companies and are either
based upon contractual or legal rights or are considered separable; that is, capable of being separated from the acquired entity
and being sold, transferred, licensed, rented or exchanged. These customer relationships are initially recorded at their fair value
based on the present value of expected future cash ﬂows. We amortize customer relationships on a straight-line basis over their
estimated useful lives.
We continually evaluate the remaining estimated useful life of our intangible assets being amortized to determine whether
events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization.
Impairment oflong-lived assets
We account for the impairment and disposition of long-lived assets in accordance with ASC Topic 360, “Property, Plant,
and Equipment” (TOpic 360). We test long-lived assets or asset groups, such as property and equipment and definite lived
intangible assets, for recoverability when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be
recoverable. Circumstances which could trigger a review include, but are not limited to: significant adverse changes in the
business climate or legal factors; current period cash ﬂow or operating losses combined with a history of losses or a forecast of
continuing losses associated with the use of the asset; and a current expectation that the asset will more likely than not be sold
or disposed of before the end of its estimated useful life.
Recoverability is assessed based on comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the aggregate pre-tax undiscounted
cash ﬂows expected to result from the use and eventual disposal of the asset or asset group. Impairment is recognized when the
carrying amount is not recoverable and exceeds the fair value of the asset or asset group. The impairment loss, if any, is
measured as the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds fair value, which for this purpose is based upon the discounted
projected future cash ﬂows of the asset or asset group.
We have not recorded any impairment charges for long-lived assets during Fiscal 2016, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014.
Business combinations
We apply the provisions of ASC Topic 805, “Business Combinations” (Topic 805), in the accounting for our acquisitions.
It requires us to recognize separately from goodwill the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair
values. Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition
date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. While we use our best estimates and assumptions to
accurately value assets acquired and liabilities, including contingent consideration where applicable, assumed at the acquisition
date, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement, particularly since these assumptions and estimates are
based in part on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies.As a result,
during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill in the period identified. Furthermore, when valuing
certain intangible assets that we have acquired, critical estimates may be made relating to, but not limited to: (i) future expected
cash ﬂows from software license sales, cloud SaaS and PaaS contracts, support agreements, consulting agreements and other
1 17