services, (ii) add new functionality to existing products and services, (iii) acquire competitive products and services, (iv) reduce
prices, or (V) form strategic alliances with other companies. If other businesses were to engage in aggressive pricing policies
with respect to competing products, or if the dynamics in our marketplace resulted in increasing bargaining power by the
consumers of our software products and services, we would need to lower the prices we charge for the products and services we
offer. This could result in lower revenues or reduced margins, either of which may materially and adversely affect our business
and operating results. Additionally, if prospective consumers choose other methods of EIM delivery, different from that which
we offer, our business and operating results could also be materially and adversely affected.
Acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and other business initiatives may negatively affect our operating results
The growth of our Company through the successful acquisition and integration of complementary businesses is a critical
component of our corporate strategy. In light of the continually evolving marketplace in which we operate, on an ongoing basis
we regularly evaluate acquisition Opportunities within the EIM market and at any time may be in various stages of discussions
with respect to such opportunities. We plan to continue to pursue acquisitions that complement our existing business, represent
a strong strategic fit and are consistent with our overall growth strategy and disciplined financial management. We may also
target future acquisitions to expand or add functionality and capabilities to our existing portfolio of solutions, as well as add
new solutions to our portfolio. We may also consider, from time to time, opportunities to engage in joint ventures or other
business collaborations with third parties to address particular market segments. These activities create risks such as: (i) the
need to integrate and manage the businesses and products acquired with our own business and products; (ii) additional demands
on our resources, systems, procedures and controls; (iii) disruption of our ongoing business; and (iv) diversion of management's
attention from other business concerns. Moreover, these transactions could involve: (a) substantial investment of funds or
financings by issuance of debt or equity or equity-related securities; (b) substantial investment with respect to technology
transfers and operational integration; and (c) the acquisition or disposition of product lines or businesses. Also, such activities
could result in charges and expenses and have the potential to either dilute the interests of existing shareholders or result in the
issuance or assumption of debt, which could have a negative impact on the credit ratings of our outstanding debt securities.
Such acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or other business collaborations may involve significant commitments of
financial and other resources of our Company. Any such activity may not be successful in generating revenues, income or other
returns to us, and the resources committed to such activities will not be available to us for other purposes. Moreover, if we are
unable to access capital markets on acceptable terms or at all, we may not be able to consummate acquisitions, or may have to
do so on the basis of a less than optimal capital structure. Our inability (i) to take advantage of growth opportunities for our
business or for our products and services, or (ii) to address risks associated with acquisitions or investments in businesses, may
negatively affect our operating results. Additionally, any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets acquired in an
acquisition or in an investment, or charges associated with any acquisition or investment activity, may materially impact our
results of operations which, in turn, may have an adverse material effect on the market price of our Common Shares or credit
ratings of our outstanding debt securities.
Businesses we acquire may have disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting that are
weaker than or otherwise not in conformity with ours
We have a history of acquiring complementary businesses of varying size and organizational complexity. Upon
consummating an acquisition, we seek to implement our disclosure controls and procedures as well as our internal controls over
financial reporting at the acquired company as promptly as possible. Depending upon the nature of the business acquired, the
implementation of our disclosure controls and procedures as well as the implementation of our internal controls over financial
reporting at an acquired company may be a lengthy process. We conduct due diligence prior to consummating an acquisition;
however, such diligence may not identify all material issues and our integration efforts may periodically expose deficiencies in
the disclosure controls and procedures as well as in internal controls over financial reporting of an acquired company. If such
deficiencies exist, we may not be in a position to comply with our periodic reporting requirements and, as a result, our business
and financial condition may be materially harmed.
We may be unable to successfully integrate acquired businesses or do so within the intended timeframes, which could have
an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and business prospects
Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of acquired businesses will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully and
eﬂiciently integrate acquired businesses and operations with our own. The integration of acquired operations with our existing
business will be complex, costly and time-consuming, and may result in additional demands on our resources, systems,
procedures and controls, disruption of our ongoing business, and diversion of management’s attention from other business
concerns. Although we cannot be certain of the degree and scope of operational and integration problems that may arise, the
difficulties and risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses may include, among others:
- the increased scope and complexity of our operations;
16