federal and state taxes, penalties and interest.
We strongly disagree with the IRS’ position and intend to vigorously contest the proposed adjustments to our taxable
income. We are examining various alternatives available to taxpayers to contest the proposed adjustments. Any such
alternatives could involve a lengthy process and result in the incurrence of significant expenses. As of the date of this Annual
Report on Form lO-K, we have not recorded any material accruals in respect of these examinations in our Consolidated
Financial Statements. An adverse outcome of these tax examinations could have a material adverse effect on our financial
position and results of operations.
For more details of tax audits to which we are subject see notes 13 "Guarantees and Contingencies" and 14 "Income
Taxes" to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form lO-K.
The declaration, payment and amount of dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend
on a number of factors
We have adopted a policy to declare non-cumulative quarterly dividends on our Common Shares. The declaration,
payment and amount of any dividends will be made pursuant to our dividend policy and is subject to final determination each
quarter by our Board of Directors in its discretion based on a number of factors that it deems relevant, including our financial
position, results of operations, available cash resources, cash requirements and alternative uses of cash that our Board of
Directors may conclude would be in the best interest of our shareholders. Our dividend payments are subject to relevant
contractual limitations, including those in our existing credit agreements and to solvency conditions established by the Canada
Business Corporations Act (CBCA), the statute under which we are incorporated. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that
any future dividends will be equal or similar in amount to any dividends previously paid or that our Board of Directors will not
decide to reduce, suspend or discontinue the payment of dividends at any time in the future.
Our operating results could be adversely affected by any weakening of economic conditions
Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic conditions. Certain economies have experienced
periods of downturn as a result of a multitude of factors, including, but not limited to, turmoil in the credit and financial
markets, concerns regarding the stability and viability of major financial institutions, declines in gross domestic product,
increases in unemployment and volatility in commodity prices and worldwide stock markets, and excessive government debt.
Recently, Brexit and its impact on the United Kingdom and the EU have raised additional concerns regarding economic
uncertainties. The severity and length of time that a downturn in economic and financial market conditions may persist, as well
as the timing, strength and sustainability of any recovery, are unknown and are beyond our control. Moreover, any instability in
the global economy affects countries in different ways, at different times and with varying severity, which makes the impact to
our business complex and unpredictable. During such downturns, many customers may delay or reduce technology purchases.
Contract negotiations may become more protracted or conditions could result in reductions in the licensing of our software
products and the sale of cloud and other services, longer sales cycles, pressure on our margins, difficulties in collection of
accounts receivable or delayed payments, increased default risks associated with our accounts receivables, slower adoption of
new technologies and increased price competition. In addition, deterioration of the global credit markets could adversely
impact our ability to complete licensing transactions and services transactions, including maintenance and support renewals.
Any of these events, as well as a general weakening of, or declining corporate confidence in, the global economy, or a
curtailment in government or corporate spending could delay or decrease our revenues and therefore have a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
Stress in the global ﬁnancial system may adversely affect our ﬁnances and operations in ways that may be hard to predict or
to defend against
Financial deve10pments seemingly unrelated to us or to our industry may adversely affect us over the course of time. For
example, material increases in LIBOR or other applicable interest rate benchmarks may increase the debt payment costs for our
credit facilities. Credit contraction in financial markets may hurt our ability to access credit in the event that we identify an
acquisition opportunity or require significant access to credit for other reasons. Similarly, volatility in the market price of our
Common Shares due to seemingly unrelated financial developments could hurt our ability to raise capital for the financing of
acquisitions or other reasons. Potential price inﬂation caused by an excess of liquidity in countries where we conduct business
may increase the cost we incur to provide our solutions and may reduce profit margins on agreements that govern the licensing
of our software products and/or the sale of our services to customers over a multi-year period. A reduction in credit, combined
with reduced economic activity, may adversely affect businesses and industries that collectively constitute a significant portion
of our customer base such as the public sector. As a result, these customers may need to reduce their licensing of our software
products or their purchases of our services, or we may experience greater diﬁiculty in receiving payment for the licenses and
services that these customers purchase from us. Any of these events, or any other events caused by turmoil in world financial
markets, may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
24