Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Open Text Corporation
We have audited Open Text Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016, based on criteria established
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). Open Text Corporation’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial
reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Part II, Item 9A of
this Annual Report on Form lO-K. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating
eﬁectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Acompany’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, Open Text Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as
of June 30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
Open Text Corporation acquired ANXe Business Corporation during Fiscal 2016, and management excluded from its assessment
of the effectiveness of Open Text Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016, ANXe Business
Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting associated with total assets of $ 1 31 million and total revenues of $7 million
included in the consolidated financial statements of Open Text Corporation as of and for the year ended June 30, 2016. Our audit
of internal control over financial reporting of Open Text Corporation also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over
financial reporting of ANXe Business Corporation.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
consolidated balance sheets of Open Text Corporation as of June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, and the related consolidated statements
of income, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash ﬂows for each of the years in the three-year period ended June
30, 2016, and our report dated July 26, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.
/s/ KPMG LLP
Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants
Toronto, Canada
July 26, 2016
109