George Schulze
Mr. Schulze has served as the Senior Vice President of Business Network Sales (previously Information Exchange Sales)
for OpenText since May 2015. Mr. Schulze came to OpenText through its January 2014 acquisition of GXS Inc. (GXS). Mr.
Schulze joined GXS in 2005 as Vice President of Sales for the Americas region. During Mr. Schulze’s 30-year career in
Information Technology serving Fortune 500 companies, he has performed a wide variety of roles including Vice President and
Managing Director of Sales at BearingPoint and Managing Director of KPMG. He has also previously served as Vice
President/General Manager of the Americas for 724 Solutions, Vice President of Global Sales for SCC Communications and
held various sales management positions at Tandem Computers Inc., Digital Equipment Corporation and Wang Laboratories
Inc. Mr. Schulze holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering from Lehigh University.
Gary Weiss
Mr. Weiss was appointed to Senior Vice President, Cloud Services in September 2014. Mr. Weiss joined OpenText in
2012 as the SVP of the Information Exchange business unit. Prior to joining OpenText, Mr. Weiss worked at CA, Inc. (formerly
Computer Associates International, Inc.) from 2003 to 2011. During his tenure at CA, Mr. Weiss held various executive level
positions, including SVP of Sales for the Security business, SVP, Business Development and Alliances, and was a member of
the Senior Leadership team at CA from 2009 to 2011. Mr. Weiss has also worked as an independent consultant to small- to mid-
size security organizations for many years. He began his career in Information Technology in 1993 as one of the first sales
executives at Security Dynamics (later renamed RSA Security) before joining e-Security in 2001 to lead the North American
Sales, Channel, and Technology Services. Mr. Weiss holds a BA. from Tulane University.
P. Thomas Jenkins
Mr. Jenkins is Chairman of the Board of OpenText. From 1994 to 2005, Mr. Jenkins was President, then Chief Executive
Officer and then from 2005 to 2013, Chief Strategy Officer of OpenText. Mr. Jenkins has served as a Director of OpenText
since 1994 and as its Chairman since 1998. In addition to his OpenText responsibilities, Mr. Jenkins is the tenth Chancellor of
the University of Waterloo. Currently, Mr. Jenkins is a board member of Thomson Reuters Inc., Manulife Financial
Corporation, and TransAlta. He is the Chair of the National Research Council of Canada (NRC) and Canadian Chair of the
Atlantik Bruecke, a director of the CD. Howe Institute, and a director of the Business Council of Canada (formerly Canadian
Council of Chief Executives) and an Executive Fellow at the School of Public Policy at the University of Calgary. Mr. Jenkins
received an MBA. from Schulich School of Business at York University, an M.A.Sc. from the University of Toronto and a
B.Eng. & Mgt. from McMaster University. Mr. Jenkins received honorary doctorates from the University of Waterloo, Carleton
University, Royal Military College, McMaster University and York University. He is a recipient of the Ontario Entrepreneur of
the Year award, the McMaster Engineering L.W. Shemilt Distinguished Alumni Award and the Schulich School of Business
Outstanding Executive Leadership award. He is a Fellow of the Canadian Academy of Engineering (FCAE). Mr. Jenkins was
awarded the Canadian Forces Decoration (CD) and the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Medal (QJDM). Mr. Jenkins is an Officer of
the Order of Canada (OC).
Randy Fowlie
Mr. Fowlie has served as a director of OpenText since March 1998. Mr. Fowlie is currently the President and CEO of
RDM Corporation, a leading provider of specialized hardware and software solutions in the electronic payment industry. RDM
Corporation trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX). Mr. Fowlie operated a consulting practice from July 2006 to
December 2010. From January 2005 until July 2006, Mr. Fowlie held the position of Vice President and General Manager,
Digital Media, of Harris Corporation, formerly Leitch Technology Corporation (Leitch), a company that was engaged in the
design, development, and distribution of audio and video infrastructure to the professional Video industry. Leitch was acquired
in August 2005 by Harris Corporation. From June 1999 to January 2005, Mr. Fowlie held the position of Chief Operating
Officer and Chief Financial Oﬂicer of Inscriber Technology Corporation (Inscriber), a computer software company and from
February 1998 to June 1999 Mr. Fowlie was the Chief Financial Officer of Inscriber. Inscriber was acquired by Leitch in
January 2005. Prior to working at Inscriber Mr. Fowlie was a partner with KPMG LLP, Chartered Accountants, where he
worked from 1984 to February 1998. Currently, Mr. Fowlie is also a director at RDM Corporation. Mr. Fowlie received a
B.B.A. (Honours) from Wilfrid Laurier University and is a Chartered Professional Accountant. In the last five years, Mr.
Fowlie also served as a director of Semcan Inc.
74