Our operations are analyzed by management and our chief operating decision maker (CODM) as being part of a single
industry segment: the design, development, marketing and sales of Enterprise Information Management software and solutions.
Therefore, our goodwill impairment assessment is based on the allocation of goodwill to a single reporting unit.
We perform a qualitative assessment to test our reporting unit's goodwill for impairment. Based on our qualitative
assessment, if we determine that the fair value of our reporting unit is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood of more than 50
percent) to be less than its carrying amount, the two step impairment test is performed. In the first step, we compare the fair
value of our reporting unit to its carrying value. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is not
considered impaired and we are not required to perform further testing. If the carrying value of the net assets of our reporting
unit exceeds its fair value, then we must perform the second step of the two step impairment test in order to determine the
implied fair value of our reporting unit's goodwill. If the carrying value our reporting unit's goodwill exceeds its implied fair
value, then an impairment loss equal to the difference would be recorded.
Acquired intangibles
Acquired intangibles consist of acquired technology and customer relationships associated with various acquisitions.
Acquired technology is initially recorded at fair value based on the present value of the estimated net future income-
producing capabilities of software products acquired on acquisitions. We amortize acquired technology over its estimated
useful life on a straight-line basis.
Customer relationships represent relationships that we have with customers of the acquired companies and are either
based upon contractual or legal rights or are considered separable; that is, capable of being separated from the acquired entity
and being sold, transferred, licensed, rented or exchanged. These customer relationships are initially recorded at their fair value
based on the present value of expected future cash ﬂows. We amortize customer relationships on a straight-line basis over their
estimated useful lives.
We continually evaluate the remaining estimated useful life of our intangible assets being amortized to determine whether
events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization.
Restructuring charges
We record restructuring charges relating to contractual lease obligations and other exit costs in accordance with ASC
Topic 420, “Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations” (Topic 420). Topic 420 requires that a liability for a cost associated with an exit
or disposal activity be recognized and measured initially at its fair value in the period in which the liability is incurred. In order
to incur a liability pursuant to Topic 420, our management must have established and approved a plan of restructuring in
sufficient detail. A liability for a cost associated with involuntary termination benefits is recorded when benefits have been
communicated and a liability for a cost to terminate an operating lease or other contract is incurred when the contract has been
terminated in accordance with the contract terms or we have ceased using the right conveyed by the contract, such as vacating a
leased facility.
The recognition of restructuring charges requires us to make certain judgments regarding the nature, timing and amount
associated with the planned restructuring activities, including estimating sub-lease income and the net recoverable amount of
equipment to be disposed of. At the end of each reporting period, we evaluate the appropriateness of the remaining accrued
balances.
Foreign currency
Our Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in US. dollars. In general, the functional currency of our
subsidiaries is the local currency. For each subsidiary, assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into
US dollars at the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet dates and revenues and expenses are translated at the average
exchange rates prevailing during the month of the transaction. The effect of foreign currency translation adjustments not
aﬁecting net income are included in Shareholders' equity under the “Cumulative translation adjustment” account as a
component of “Accumulated other comprehensive income”. Transactional foreign currency gains (losses) included in the
Consolidated Statements of Income under the line item “Other income (expense) net” for Fiscal 2016, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal
2014 were $(1.9) million, $(3l.0) million and $4.0 million, respectively.
Income taxes
We account for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740, “Income Taxes” (Topic 740). Deferred tax assets and
liabilities arise from temporary diﬁerences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the
Consolidated Financial Statements that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years. These temporary differences
are measured using enacted tax rates. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the extent that we
39