PART I
Forward-Looking Statements
In addition to historical information, this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 21E of the US. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act), and Section 27A of the US. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and is
subject to the safe harbours created by those sections. Words such as “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “plans”, “believes”,
“seeks”, “estimates”, “may”, “could”, “would”, “might”, “will” and variations of these words or similar expressions are
intended to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, beliefs, plans,
projections, objectives, performance or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying
assumptions, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks as well as
uncertainties, including those discussed herein and in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
June 30, 2016, which are set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. The actual results that we achieve may differ
materially from any forward-looking statements, which reﬂect management's current expectations and projections about future
results only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revisions to these
forward-looking statements. A number of factors may materially affect our business, financial condition, operating results and
prospects. These factors include, but are not limited to, those set forth in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this
Annual Report as well as other documents we file from time to time with the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC). Any one of these factors may cause our actual results to differ materially from recent results or from
our anticipated future results. You should not rely too heavily on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K because these forward-looking statements are relevant only as of the date they were made.
Item 1. Business
Open Text Corporation was incorporated on June 26, 1991. References herein to the “Company”, “OpenText”, “we” or
“us” refer to Open Text Corporation and, unless context requires otherwise, its subsidiaries. Our principal office is located at
275 Frank Tompa Drive, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada N2L 0A1, and our telephone number at that location is (519) 888-7111.
Our internet address is wwwopentextcom. Our website is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as an inactive textual
reference only. Except for the documents specifically incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, information contained
on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered to be a part
of this Annual Report. Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K: (i) the term "Fiscal 2017 " means our fiscal year
beginning on July 1, 2016 and ending June 30, 2017; (ii) the term “Fiscal 2016” means our fiscal year beginning on July 1,
2015 and ended June 30, 2016; (iii) the term “Fiscal 2015” means our fiscal year beginning on July 1, 2014 and ended June 30,
2015; and (iv) the term “Fiscal 2014” means our fiscal year beginning on July 1, 2013 and ended June 30, 2014; and (v) the
term "Fiscal 2013" means our fiscal year beginning July 1, 2012 and ended June 30, 2013. Our Consolidated Financial
Statements are presented in US. dollars and, unless otherwise indicated, all amounts included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K are expressed in US. dollars.
Business Overview and Strategy
We operate in the Enterprise Information Management (EIM) market. We are an independent company providing a
comprehensive platform and suite of software products and services that assist organizations in finding, utilizing, and sharing
business information from any device in ways which are intuitive, efficient and productive. Our technologies and business
solutions address one of the biggest problems encountered by enterprises today: the explosive growth of information volume
and formats. Our software and services allow organizations to manage the information that ﬂows into, out of, and throughout
the enterprise as part of daily operations. Our solutions help to improve customer satisfaction and digital experience, gain
analytical insight, improve collaboration with business partners, address the legal and business requirements associated with
information governance, and help to ensure that information remains secure and private, as demanded in today's highly
regulated climate.
Enterprise Information Management
There are two main information management pillars: Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), which typically contains
structured data, and Enterprise Information Management (EIM), which typically contains unstructured data. EIM is the
moniker given to the discipline of handling all unstructured data within and between an enterprise and other organizations.
Unstructured data typically represents a significant amount of an organization's data.
Unstructured data encompasses everything from email and business processes to the handling of oﬂice and PDF
documents, and even communicative, transient data like fax transfers, collaborative communications, and large managed files.
This type of data composes the preponderance of information amassed and managed by today's enterprise systems. It holds
3