companies and assets into our business as a strength and pursuing strategic acquisitions is an important aspect to our growth
strategy. We expect to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions in the future to strengthen our service offerings in the EIM
market. In Fiscal 2016, we further demonstrated the implementation of this strategy by acquiring Daegis Inc. (Daegis), ANXe
Business Corporation (ANX), and certain CEM assets acquired from HP Inc. (CEM Business). For additional details on our
acquisitions, please see "Acquisitions During the Last Five Fiscal Years", elsewhere in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form
10-K.
While continuing to acquire companies is our leading growth driver, our growth strategy also includes organic growth
through internal innovation. Over the last three fiscal years, we have invested approximately $567 million in research and
development (R&D) and we typically target to spend approximately 10% to 12% of revenues for R&D. We believe our ability
to leverage our global presence is helpful to our ability to grow organically.
In April, 2016 we introduced "OpenText Release 16" (Release 16), which is an integrated digital information platform
that manages and analyzes the entire ﬂow of information, addressing key areas of the user experience, machine-to-machine
integration, automation and other aspects of managing unstructured data in a digital first organization.
This release is the most functionally and integration-complete EIM platform that we have released to date and we believe
it is well suited to drive our go-to-market plan for years to come.
We see an opportunity to help our customers become “digital businesses” and, with Release 16 as well as our recent
acquisitions, we believe we have a strong platform to integrate personalized analytics and insights onto our OpenText EIM
suites of products, which will further our vision to enable “the digital world” and strengthen our position among leaders in
EIM.
In Fiscal 2017 we will continue to implement strategies that are designed to:
Broaden Our Reach into EIM BZB Integration, Analytics, Discovery, and the Cloud. As technologies and customers
become more sophisticated, we intend to be a leader in expanding the definition of traditional market sectors. We have been a
leader in investing in adjacent markets through acquisitions which have provided us with the technology to accelerate our time
to market and increase our scale. We have also invested in technologies to address the growing inﬂuence of analytics and
social, mobile, and cloud platforms on corporate information.
Deepen Customer Penetration. We intend to leverage our comprehensive solution set to deepen our existing customer
relationships. We have significant expertise in a number of industry sectors and aim to increase our customer penetration based
on our strong credentials. We are particularly focused on circumstances where the customer is looking to consolidate multiple
vendors with solutions from a single source while addressing a broader spectrum of business problems or equally new or
existing customers looking to take a more holistic approach to digital transformation.
Invest in Technology Leadership. We believe we are well-positioned to develop additional innovative solutions to address
the evolving market. We plan to continue investing in technology innovation by funding internal development as well as
collaborating with third-parties.
Deepen Strategic Partnerships. Our partnerships with companies such as SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Accenture, Deloitte and
others serve as an example of how we are working together with our partners to create next-generation EIM solutions and
deliver them to market. We will continue to look for ways to create more customer value from our strategic partnerships.
Broaden Global Presence. As customers become increasingly multi-national and as international markets continue to
adopt EIM, we plan to further grow our brand, presence, and partner networks in these new markets. We are focused on using
our direct sales for targeting existing customers and plan to address new geographies jointly with our partners.
Selectively Pursue Acquisitions. In light of the continually evolving marketplace in which we operate, on an ongoing basis
we regularly evaluate acquisition Opportunities within the EIM market and at any time may be in various stages of discussions
with respect to such opportunities. We plan to continue to pursue acquisitions that complement our existing business, represent
a strong strategic fit and are consistent with our overall growth strategy and disciplined financial management. We may also
target future acquisitions to expand or add functionality and capabilities to our existing portfolio of solutions, as well as add
new solutions to our portfolio.
Products and Services Overview
Our products and services are designed to provide the benefits of maximizing the value of enterprise information while
largely minimizing its risks. Our solutions incorporate collaborative and mobile technologies and are delivered for on—premises
deployment as well as through cloud, hybrid and managed hosted services models to provide the ﬂexibility and cost
eﬂiciencies demanded by the market. In addition, we provide solutions that facilitate the exchange of information and
transactions that occur between supply chain participants, such as manufacturers, retailers, distributors and financial
institutions, and are central to a company’s ability to effectively collaborate with its partners.
5