- Change in the mix of international and North American revenues;
- Changes in foreign currency exchange rates and LIBOR and other applicable interest rates;
- Acquisitions and the integration of acquired businesses;
- Restructuring charges taken in connection with any completed acquisition or otherwise;
° Outcome and impact of tax audits and other contingencies;
- Changes in general economic and business conditions; and
- Changes in general political developments, such as the impact of Brexit, international trade policies and policies taken
to stimulate or to preserve national economies.
A general weakening of the global economy or a continued weakening of the economy in a particular region or economic
or business uncertainty could result in the cancellation of or delay in customer purchases. A cancellation or deferral of even a
small number of license sales or services or delays in the implementation of our software products could have a material
adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. As a result of the timing of software product and
service introductions and the rapid evolution of our business as well as of the markets we serve, we cannot predict whether
patterns or trends experienced in the past will continue. For these reasons, you should not rely upon period-to-period
comparisons of our financial results to forecast future performance. Our revenues and operating results may vary significantly
and this possible variance could materially reduce the market price of our Common Shares.
Our sales to government clients expose us to business volatility and risks, including government budgeting cycles and
appropriations, early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties
We derive revenues from contracts with the US. and Canadian governments, state, provincial and local governments, and other
foreign governments and their respective agencies, which may terminate most of these contracts at any time, without cause.
There is increased pressure on governments and their agencies, both domestically and internationally, to reduce spending.
Further, our US. federal government contracts are subject to the approval of appropriations made by the US. Congress to fund
the expenditures under these contracts. Similarly, our contracts with US. state and local governments, Canadian federal,
provincial and local government and other foreign governments and their agencies are generally subject to government funding
authorizations. Additionally, government contracts are generally subject to audits and investigations which could result in
various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees
received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from future government business.
Changes in the market price of our Common Shares and credit ratings of our outstanding debt securities could lead to
losses for shareholders and debt holders
The market price of our Common Shares and credit ratings of our outstanding debt securities are subject to ﬂuctuations.
Such ﬂuctuations in market price or credit ratings may continue in response to: (i) quarterly and annual variations in operating
results; (ii) announcements of technological innovations or new products or services that are relevant to our industry;
(iii) changes in financial estimates by securities analysts; (iv) changes to the ratings or outlook of our outstanding debt
securities by rating agencies or (v) other events or factors. In addition, financial markets experience significant price and
volume ﬂuctuations that particularly affect the market prices of equity securities of many technology companies. These
ﬂuctuations have often resulted from the failure of such companies to meet market expectations in a particular quarter, and thus
such ﬂuctuations may or may not be related to the underlying operating performance of such companies. Broad market
ﬂuctuations or any failure of our operating results in a particular quarter to meet market expectations may adversely affect the
market price of our Common Shares or the credit ratings of our outstanding debt securities. Occasionally, periods of volatility
in the market price of a company's securities may lead to the institution of securities class action litigation against a company. If
we are subject to such volatility in our stock price, we may be the target of such securities litigation in the future. Such legal
action could result in substantial costs to defend our interests and a diversion of management's attention and resources, each of
which would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results.
We may become involved in litigation that may materially adversely aﬂect us
From time to time in the ordinary course of our business, we may become involved in various legal proceedings,
including commercial, product liability, employment, class action and other litigation and claims, as well as governmental and
other regulatory investigations and proceedings. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management's attention and
resources and cause us to incur significant expenses. Furthermore, because litigation is inherently unpredictable, the results of
any such actions may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition.
22