OPEN TEXT CORPORATION
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Year Ended June 30, 2016
(Tabular amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)
NOTE 1—BASIS OF PRESENTATION
The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Open Text Corporation and our
subsidiaries, collectively referred to as "OpenText" or the "Company". We wholly own all of our subsidiaries with the
exception of Open Text South Africa Proprietary Ltd. (OT South Africa), GXS, Inc. (GXS Korea) and ECl Pte. Ltd. (GXS
Singapore), which as of June 30, 2016, were 90%, 85% and 81% owned, respectively, by OpenText. All inter-company
balances and transactions have been eliminated.
These Consolidated Financial Statements are expressed in US. dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles (US. GAAP). The information furnished reﬂects all adjustments necessary for a fair
presentation of the results for the periods presented and includes the financial results of Daegis Inc. (Daegis), with effect from
November 23, 2015, certain customer experience software and services assets and liabilities acquired from HP Inc. (CEM
Business), with effect from April 30, 2016, and ANXe Business Corporation (ANX) with effect from May 1, 2016 (see note
1 8).
Use of estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US. GAAP requires us to make estimates, judgments and
assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements. These estimates, judgments and
assumptions are evaluated on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that we believe are reasonable at that time, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the
carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from those
estimates. In particular, significant estimates, judgments and assumptions include those related to: (i) revenue recognition,
(ii) allowance for doubtful accounts, (iii) testing of goodwill for impairment, (iv) the valuation of acquired intangible assets,
(v) the valuation of long-lived assets, (vi) the recognition of contingencies, (vii) restructuring accruals, (viii) acquisition
accruals and pre-acquisition contingencies, (ix) the realization of investment tax credits, (x) the valuation of stock options
granted and obligations related to share-based payments, including the valuation of our long-term incentive plan, (xi) the
valuation of pension assets and obligations, and (xii) accounting for income taxes.
Reclassiﬁcations
Certain prior period balances have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation including the
reclassification related to a change in the method of allocating certain operating expenses within the Company. As a result of
such reclassifications, the following expenses have been reclassified for Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 as follows:
7 Year Ended June 30, 7
2015 _ 2014
IReclassiﬁcations Within cost of revenue I
Decrease to cost of revenue - Cloud services and subscriptions $ (2,409) $ (473)
IIncrease (decrease) to cost of revenue - Customer support 39 (310) $ 89 I
Decrease to cost of revenue - Professional services and other 55 (657) $ (544)
IReclassiﬁcations Within Operating expenses I
Decrease to operating expense - General and administrative $ (314) $ (370)
IIncrease to operating expense - Sales and marketing 33 3,690 $ 1,298 I
There was no change to income from operations, net income or net income per share in any of the periods presented as a
result of these reclassifications.
1 15