Restructuring charges
We record restructuring charges relating to contractual lease obligations and other exit costs in accordance with ASC
Topic 420, “Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations” (Topic 420). Topic 420 requires that a liability for a cost associated with an exit
or disposal activity be recognized and measured initially at its fair value in the period in which the liability is incurred. In order
to incur a liability pursuant to Topic 420, our management must have established and approved a plan of restructuring in
sufficient detail. A liability for a cost associated with involuntary termination benefits is recorded when benefits have been
communicated and a liability for a cost to terminate an operating lease or other contract is incurred, when the contract has been
terminated in accordance with the contract terms or we have ceased using the right conveyed by the contract, such as vacating a
leased facility.
The recognition of restructuring charges requires us to make certain judgments regarding the nature, timing and amount
associated with the planned restructuring activities, including estimating sub-lease income and the net recoverable amount of
equipment to be disposed of. At the end of each reporting period, we evaluate the appropriateness of the remaining accrued
balances (see note 17 for more details).
Litigation
We are currently involved in various claims and legal proceedings. Quarterly, we review the status of each significant
legal matter and evaluate such matters to determine how they should be treated for accounting and disclosure purposes in
accordance with the requirements of ASC Topic 450-20 "Loss Contingencies" (Topic 450-20). Specifically, this evaluation
process includes the centralized tracking and itemization of the status of all our disputes and litigation items, discussing the
nature of any litigation and claim, including any dispute or claim that is reasonably likely to result in litigation, with relevant
internal and external counsel, and assessing the progress of each matter in light of its merits and our experience with similar
proceedings under similar circumstances.
If the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably
estimated, we accrue a liability for the estimated loss in accordance with Topic 450-20. As of the date of this filing on Form 10-
K for the year ended June 30, 2016, we do not believe that the outcomes of any of these matters, individually or in the
aggregate, will result in losses that are materially in excess of amounts already recognized (see note 13 for more details).
Net income per share
Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of Common Shares outstanding including
contingently issuable shares where the contingency has been resolved. Diluted net income per share is computed using the
weighted average number of Common Shares and stock equivalents outstanding using the treasury stock method during the
year (see note 21 for more details).
Share-based payment
We measure share-based compensation costs, in accordance with ASC Topic 718, “Compensation - Stock
Compensation” (Topic 718) on the grant date, based on the calculated fair value of the award. We have elected to treat awards
with graded vesting as a single award when estimating fair value. Compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over
the employee requisite service period, which in our circumstances is the stated vesting period of the award, provided that total
compensation cost recognized at least equals the pro rata value of the award that has vested. Compensation cost is initially
based on the estimated number of options for which the requisite service is expected to be rendered. This estimate is adjusted in
the period once actual forfeitures are known (see note 12 for more details).
Accounting for Pensions, post-retirement and post-employment beneﬁts
Pension expense is accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 715, “Compensation—Retirement Benefits” (Topic 715).
Pension expense consists of: actuarially computed costs of pension benefits in respect of the current year of service, imputed
returns on plan assets (for funded plans) and imputed interest on pension obligations. The expected costs of post retirement
benefits, other than pensions, are accrued in the Consolidated Financial Statements based upon actuarial methods and
assumptions. The over-funded or under-funded status of defined benefit pension and other post retirement plans are recognized
as an asset or a liability (with the oﬁset to “Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income”, net of tax, within “Shareholders'
equity”), respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets (see note 11 for more details).
122