° coordinating geographically separate organizations, operations, relationships and facilities;
- integrating (i) personnel with diverse business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies, and (ii)
the standards, policies and compensation structures, as well as the complex systems, technology, networks and other
assets, of the companies;
- preserving important strategic and customer relationships;
- the possibility that we may have failed to discover liabilities of acquired businesses during our due diligence
investigations as part of the acquisition for which we, as a successor owner, may be responsible; and
- provisions in contracts with third parties that may limit ﬂexibility to take certain actions.
As a result of these diﬁiculties and risks, we may not accomplish the integration of acquired businesses smoothly,
successfully or within our budgetary expectations and anticipated timetables, which may result in a failure to realize some or all
of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions.
We may not generate sufficient cash ﬂow to satisfy our unfunded pension obligations
Through our acquisitions, we have assumed certain unfunded pension plan liabilities. We will be required to use the
operating cash ﬂow that we generate in the future to meet these obligations. As a result, our future net pension liability and cost
may be materially aﬁected by the discount rate used to measure these pension obligations and by the longevity and actuarial
profile of the relevant workforce. A change in the discount rate may result in a significant increase or decrease in the valuation
of these pension obligations, and these changes may affect the net periodic pension cost in the year the change is made and in
subsequent years. We cannot assure that we will generate sufficient cash ﬂow to satisfy these obligations. Any inability to
satisfy these pension obligations may have a material adverse effect on the operational and financial health of our business.
For more details see note 11 "Pension Plans and Other Post Retirement Benefits" to the Consolidated Financial
Statements included in this Annual Report on Form lO-K.
Consolidation in the industry, particularly by large, well-capitalized companies, could place pressure on our operating
margins which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business
Acquisitions by large, well-capitalized technology companies have changed the marketplace for our software products
and services by replacing competitors which are comparable in size to our Company with companies that have more resources
at their disposal to compete with us in the marketplace. In addition, other large corporations with considerable financial
resources either have products and/or services that compete with our software products and services or have the ability to
encroach on our competitive position within our marketplace. These companies have considerable financial resources, channel
inﬂuence, and broad geographic reach; thus, they can engage in competition with our software products and services on the
basis of price, marketing, services or support. They also have the ability to introduce items that compete with our maturing
software products and services. The threat posed by larger competitors and their ability to use their better economies of scale to
sell competing products and services at a lower cost may materially reduce the profit margins we earn on the software products
and services we provide to the marketplace. Any material reduction in our profit margin may have an adverse material effect on
the operations or finances of our business, which could hinder our ability to raise capital in the public markets at opportune
times for strategic acquisitions or general operational purposes, which may prevent eﬁective strategic growth, improved
economies of scale or put us at a disadvantage to our better capitalized competitors.
We must continue to manage our internal resources during periods of company growth or our operating results could be
adversely ajfected
The EIM market in which we compete continues to evolve at a rapid pace. Moreover, we have grown significantly
through acquisitions in the past and expect to continue to review acquisition opportunities as a means of increasing the size and
scope of our business. Our growth, coupled with the rapid evolution of our markets, has placed, and will continue to place,
significant strains on our administrative and operational resources and increased demands on our internal systems, procedures
and controls. Our administrative infrastructure, systems, procedures and controls may not adequately support our operations. In
addition, our management may not be able to achieve the rapid, effective execution of the product and business initiatives
necessary to successfully implement our operational and competitive strategy. If we are unable to manage growth effectively,
our operating results will likely suffer which may, in turn, adversely affect our business.
If we lose the services of our executive officers or other key employees or if we are not able to attract or retain top
employees, our business could be significantly harmed
Our performance is substantially dependent on the performance of our executive officers and key employees. We do not
maintain “key person” life insurance policies on any of our employees. Our success is also highly dependent on our continuing
l7