Rights of return and other incentives
We do not generally offer rights of return or any other incentives such as concessions, product rotation, or price protection
and, therefore, do not provide for or make estimates of rights of return and similar incentives.
Research and development costs
Research and development costs internally incurred in creating computer software to be sold, licensed or otherwise
marketed are expensed as incurred unless they meet the criteria for deferral and amortization, as described in ASC Topic
985-20, “Costs of Software to be Sold, Leased, or Marketed” (Topic 985-20). In accordance with Topic 985-20, costs related to
research, design and development of products are charged to expense as incurred and capitalized between the dates that the
product is considered to be technologically feasible and is considered to be ready for general release to customers. In our
historical experience, the dates relating to the achievement of technological feasibility and general release of the product have
substantially coincided. In addition, no significant costs are incurred subsequent to the establishment of technological
feasibility. As a result, we do not capitalize any research and development costs relating to internally developed software to be
sold, licensed or otherwise marketed.
Income taxes
We account for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740, “Income Taxes” (Topic 740). Deferred tax assets and
liabilities arise from temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the
Consolidated Financial Statements that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years. These temporary differences
are measured using enacted tax rates. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the extent that we
consider it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. In determining the valuation allowance, we
consider factors such as the reversal of deferred income tax liabilities, projected taxable income, and the character of income
tax assets and tax planning strategies. A change to these factors could impact the estimated valuation allowance and income tax
expense.
We account for our uncertain tax provisions by using a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax
positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence
indicates it is more likely than not, based solely on the technical merits, that the position will be sustained on audit, including
resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the appropriate amount of the benefit
to recognize. The amount of benefit to recognize is measured as the maximum amount which is more likely than not to be
realized. The tax position is derecognized when it is no longer more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit.
On subsequent recognition and measurement the maximum amount which is more likely than not to be recognized at each
reporting date will represent the Company's best estimate, given the information available at the reporting date, although the
outcome of the tax position is not absolute or final. We recognize both accrued interest and penalties related to liabilities for
income taxes within the "Provision for Income Taxes" line of our Consolidated Statements of Income (see note 14 for more
details).
Fair value of ﬁnancial instruments
Carrying amounts of certain financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts
payable (trade and accrued liabilities) approximate their fair value due to the relatively short period of time between origination
of the instruments and their expected realization.
The fair value of our total long-term debt approximates its carrying value since the interest rate is at market.
We apply the provisions of ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures”, to our derivative financial instruments
that we are required to carry at fair value pursuant to other accounting standards (see note 15 for more details).
Foreign currency
Our Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in US. dollars. In general, the functional currency of our
subsidiaries is the local currency. For each subsidiary, assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into
US dollars at the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet dates and revenues and expenses are translated at the average
exchange rates prevailing during the month of the transaction. The effect of foreign currency translation adjustments not
affecting net income are included in Shareholders' equity under the “Cumulative translation adjustment” account as a
component of “Accumulated other comprehensive income”. Transactional foreign currency gains (losses) included in the
Consolidated Statements of Income under the line item “Other income (expense) net” for Fiscal 2016, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal
2014 were $(1.9) million, $(31.0) million and $4.0 million, respectively.
12 1