the areas of data privacy and breaches, and taxation. Laws and regulations relating to the solicitation, collection, processing or
use of personal or consumer information could affect our customers’ ability to use and share data, potentially reducing demand
for Internet-based solutions and restricting our ability to store, process, analyze and share data through the Internet. Although
we believe that the Internet will continue to provide opportunities to expand the use of our products and services, we cannot
ensure that our eﬁorts to exploit these opportunities will be successful or that increased usage of the Internet for business
integration products and services or increased competition, and regulation will not adversely affect our business, results of
operations and financial condition.
Business disruptions, including those related to data security breaches, may adversely affect our operations
Our business and operations are highly automated and a disruption or failure of our systems may delay our ability to
complete sales and to provide services. Business disruptions can be caused by several factors, including natural disasters,
terrorist attacks, power loss, telecommunication and system failures, computer viruses, physical attacks and cyber—attacks. A
major disaster or other catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or
information technology systems, including our cloud services, could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business
operations. We operate data centres in various locations around the world and although we have redundancy capability built
into our disaster recovery plan, we cannot ensure that our systems and data centres will remain fully operational during and
immediately after a disaster or disruption. We also rely on third parties that provide critical services in our operations and
despite our diligence around their disaster recovery processes, we cannot provide assurances as to whether these third party
service providers can maintain operations during a disaster or disruption. Any business disruption could negatively affect our
business, operating results or financial condition.
In addition, if data security is compromised, this could materially and adversely affect our operating results given that we
have customers that use our systems to store and exchange large volumes of proprietary and confidential information and the
security and reliability of our services are significant to these customers. We have experienced attempts by third parties to
identify and exploit product and service vulnerabilities, penetrate or bypass our security measures, and gain unauthorized
access to our or our customers' or service providers' cloud offerings and other products and systems. If our products or systems,
or the products or systems of third-party service providers on whom we rely, are attacked or accessed by unauthorized parties, it
could lead to major disruption or denial of service and access to or loss, modification or theft of our and our customers' data
which may involve us having to spend material resources on correcting the breach and indemnifying the relevant parties which
could have adverse effects on our reputation, business, operating results and financial condition.
Unauthorized disclosures and breaches of security data may adversely affect our operations
Most of the jurisdictions in which we operate have laws and regulations relating to data privacy, security and protection
of information. We have certain measures to protect our information systems against unauthorized access and disclosure of
personal information and of our confidential information and confidential information belonging to our customers. We have
policies and procedures in place dealing with data security and records retention. However, there is no assurance that the
security measures we have put in place will be effective in every case. Breaches in security could result in a negative impact for
us and for our customers, affecting our and our customers' businesses, assets, revenues, brands and reputations and resulting in
penalties, fines, litigation, regulatory proceedings and other potential liabilities, in each case depending on the nature of the
information disclosed. Security breaches could also affect our relations with our customers, injure our reputation and harm our
ability to keep existing customers and to attract new customers. These risks to our business may increase as we expand the
number of web-based and cloud-based products and services we offer and as we increase the number of countries in which we
operate.
Our revenues and operating results are likely to ﬂuctuate, which could materially impact the market price of our Common
Shares
We experience significant ﬂuctuations in revenues and operating results caused by many factors, including:
- Changes in the demand for our software products and services and for the products and services of our competitors;
- The introduction or enhancement of software products and services by us and by our competitors;
- Market acceptance of our software products, enhancements and/or services;
- Delays in the introduction of software products, enhancements and/or services by us or by our competitors;
- Customer order deferrals in anticipation of upgrades and new software products;
- Changes in the lengths of sales cycles;
- Changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors;
- Delays in software product implementation with customers;
- Change in the mix of distribution channels through which our software products are licensed;
- Change in the mix of software products and services sold;
21