Revolver
We currently have a $300 million committed revolving credit facility (the Revolver). Borrowings under the Revolver are
secured by a first charge over substantially all of our assets, and on a pari passu basis with Term Loan B. The Revolver will
mature on December 22, 2019 with no fixed repayment date prior to the end of the term and has financial covenants consistent
with Term Loan B. As of June 30, 2016, we have not drawn any amounts on the Revolver.
Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP)
In order to encourage further participation by eligible employees in the ESPP, we implemented a number of amendments
to our ESPP, including increasing the purchase price discount from 5% to 15% and permitting Common Shares to be purchased
on the open market by the trustee of a trust, or by an agent or broker designated by an administrator, and transferred to eligible
employees under the ESPP, as an alternative to the issuance of Common Shares from treasury (the Amendments). The
Amendments apply to purchase periods commencing on or after January 1, 2016 unless otherwise determined by the Board or
the compensation committee of the Board.
In accordance with the Amendments, during Fiscal 2016, we have determined that 80,273 Common Shares are eligible
for issuance to employees enrolled in the ESPP, after factoring a purchase price discount of 15%. Any Common Shares that
were issued under the ESPP prior to the purchase period commencing on January 1, 2016 were issued at a purchase price
discount of 5%.
Share Repurchase Plan
On July 28, 2015, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to $200 million of Common Shares (Share Repurchase
Plan). Shares may be repurchased from time to time in the open market, private purchases through forward, derivative,
accelerated repurchase or automatic repurchase transactions or otherwise. The timing of any repurchase will depend on market
conditions, our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factors.
During the year ended June 30, 2016, we repurchased and cancelled approximately 1.5 million Common Shares for
approximately $65.5 million, under our Share Repurchase Plan (Fiscal 2015—nil). Of the $65.5 million repurchased, $55.7
million was recorded to retained earnings to reﬂect the difference between the market price of Common Shares repurchased
and their book value.
On July 26, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase plan for the repurchase of up to $200 million
of our Common Shares, pursuant to a normal course issuer bid.
Shelf Registration Statement
In response to the demand and piggyback registration requests we received pursuant to the registration rights agreement
entered into in connection with the acquisition of GXS, we filed a universal shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the
SEC, which became effective automatically. On May 10, 2016, we filed a post-effective Amendment No. 1 to the shelf
registration statement to make the base prospectus included therein consistent with the updated Canadian base shelf short-form
prospectus (as amended, the Shelf Registration Statement). The Shelf Registration Statement allows for primary and secondary
offerings from time to time of equity, debt and other securities, including Common Shares, Preference Shares, debt securities,
depositary shares, warrants, purchase contracts, units and subscription receipts. A base shelf short-form prospectus qualifying
the distribution of such securities has also been filed with certain Canadian securities regulators. The type of securities and the
specific terms thereof will be determined at the time of any offering and will be described in the applicable prospectus
supplement to be filed separately with the SEC and such Canadian securities regulators.
Pensions
As of June 30, 2016, our total unfunded pension plan obligations were $64.9 million, of which $2.9 million is payable
within the next 12 months. We expect to be able to make the long-term and short-term payments related to these obligations in
the normal course of operations.
64