huge volumes of unlocked value for organizations poised to capitalize on their enterprise information strategy. It is our belief
that companies will place themselves in an untenable situation for the future if they are not able to capture, preserve and make
unstructured data usable.
We envisage a future where unstructured data is easily and seamlessly discovered, captured, managed, governed, secured,
leveraged, analyzed and transformed into great value using information based applications. We call this discipline EIM. EIM
data is by its nature unstructured and follows the required EIM functional technologies of Enterprise Content Management
(ECM), Business Process Management (BPM), Customer Experience Management (CEM), Business Networking (BN),
Discovery and Analytics. EIM can be deployed on its own to capture, manage, and store enterprise information and integrates
with ERP and other information management systems to provide a "single source of truth" for the enterprise.
By delivering products and technologies capable of addressing entire information ﬂows, our customers get a better-
integrated and more agile solution. To manage and secure the ﬂow of information through an enterprise, we strive to deliver
well-integrated products that can be deployed to digitize any business process, managing information through its entire
lifecycle.
Customers may align their EIM journey to the information ﬂows illustrated below within their business. By "completing"
each information ﬂow, customers ensure the efficient governance, security and availability of the information that powers their
organization. Information may "come online" through a variety of human or machine entry points, then proceed through its
lifecycle or "ﬂow" through disposition or destruction.
ecu.
’ i ’ . q ' Engagemen I eoiibor-aion : new
. O , p
q , _, . 99 a' ~~Ele0nb‘di 'Dis e . omee’eoin
:5::'°:;epzft:fl £3513“ Mobile 'fﬂggfggnfégye Sﬂipiirminiigﬁ "W 0:23: Sesoiuiirn "9 juggle? $53333? Endbvilguagizztignn g
, ,‘ . . a . a . ,_ ' _ Processes . e io n “n Governance _ - r ici e na ‘ic
and and Digital sHCM integration. .EZZia’ltcgiig:o:|tign -Inf6rmation Access 'ggcnus’féyanaged “9 .Etreuitjédénft 3
-Contract Mana e e t ‘Capture‘and OCR/10R ~File Sharin and S no “case Management [Comni'Channel .ContentAnalyﬁc; -Secu‘re Email .unswwflrEd .
9 m n > - ' 9 -y -Entity Modeling, Delivery -Sentiment Analysis Informatlon analytics
r r r . . -Managed Services i‘.A¢tive Cqmmunivﬁes 7 i . . if 7
a 'ievi‘i‘iéi‘éifs‘e’i'é‘i’i 1232323335?“ , i::::‘;':.l:35::;"9 . .. :2:2".:::;:;i..
W .Pa "er Ooba d_ .Capture/OCR ,- File Sharing and Alliﬁgicwres an I Collaboration '32:];1655 Acuvm/ .-BZB Managed .Embedded Reporting
. . . _, artner nearing .Intelligent Field Collaboration . _ .Customer Services and Visualization
and Mappmg sen/Ices Recognition V ‘- Records Management Data sovereign . Communication - Fax Solutions
1 ' - Industry Certiﬁcation Management >
77 if ., .. If ,, M-Co‘ntactManae‘mentr. , _ 717- 77 V
'lissgiiiztt'ssm 'Ezaiiziig g “ ‘ tinting.“ 333i??? i-Anaws
. . 7 ‘Social Collaboration ~Collaboration Management Arch'tecture ~Di ital Su l Chain "WSW Regu'am'y Services 'C°“te"tA”a‘Y“°5 and
- Connected O Content Management - Campaign {Application Minagemzaty '°°{“p"a”°e 0 Secure Messaging VTeXt Mining
‘f
A L.secure Email 7 J -Media Management :‘Caie Mya‘rﬁgememi J Delivery 4 k Governance 7 5
oec ea 6 a‘ -iia ocmen . - - '0 tVii . '
‘ ‘ R Emailr nd r gu' r gagpttulnlej u t' ..::t:;g:::i::;:n2ent .Emailvl Document oR::::?:n1/:nwn:t:tion .eDiscovery oSecure Email .gzgtinrliiﬁigalﬂlcs
»°Paper Mail I -Paper-Document . e r a ROW"? ‘ I -M,ulti-Format Viewing .0 { t A M. -Secure Messaging .‘ m e‘ e o in
" °" 8" "a 9
While we continue to oﬂ?er on—premises solutions, we realize that the EIM market is broad and we are agnostic to whether
a customer prefers an on-premises solution, cloud solution, or combination of both (hybrid). We believe giving customer choice
and ﬂexibility will help us to strive to obtain long-term customer value. We measure long-term value by looking at our
recurring revenue, earnings and operating cash ﬂow. We define recurring revenue as the sum of our “Cloud services and
subscriptions revenue”, “Customer support revenue” and “Professional services revenue”. In Fiscal 2016 recurring revenue
was $1,541 million, which represented 84% of our total revenues and was relatively stable (down 1.1%) compared to Fiscal
2015. Our Cloud services and subscriptions revenues was also relatively stable (down 0.7%) in Fiscal 2016 compared to Fiscal
2015. Our net income for Fiscal 2016 was up 21% compared to Fiscal 2015 and our operating cash ﬂow was relatively ﬂat,
growing 1% over the same period. We believe customers are looking for choice and ﬂexibility in how they consume technology
and we look to continue to provide long-term value to our customers.
Strategy
We have historically grown our business and strengthened our service offerings in the EIM market through strategic
acquisitions and integration, as well as organic growth. We believe we are a value oriented and disciplined acquirer, having
eﬂiciently deployed $3.7 billion on acquisitions over the last 10 years. We see our ability to successfully integrate acquired
4