Compensation Philos0phy
We believe that compensation plays an important role in achieving short and long-term business objectives that ultimately
drives business success in alignment with long-term shareholder goals.
Our compensation philosophy is based on three fundamental principles:
° Strong link to business strategy - Our short and long-term goals are reﬂected in our overall compensation program.
- Pay for Performance - We aim to reward sustained company performance and individual achievements by aligning a
significant portion of total compensation to our financial results and strategic objectives. We believe compensation
should ﬂuctuate with financial performance and accordingly, we structure total compensation to be at or above our
peer group median when our financial performance exceeds our target performance and likewise, we structure total
compensation to be below our peer group median if our financial performance falls below our targets; and
- Market relevant - Our compensation program provides market competitive pay in terms of value and structure in
order to retain talent who are performing according to their objectives and to attract new talent of the highest caliber.
We aim to position our executive officers’ compensation targets at the median in relation to our peer group, however,
actual pay depends on performance of the executive officers and the Company.
Our reward package is based primarily on results achieved by the Company as a whole. In addition, our Named
Executive Officers may have a minority element of their reward package determined by their fulfillment of objectives which
are specific to their role (Personal Objectives). The Compensation Committee has the ﬂexibility to exercise discretion to ensure
total compensation appropriately reﬂects performance.
Compensation Objectives
The objectives of our compensation program are to:
- Attract and retain highly qualified executive officers who have a history of proven success;
- Align the interests of executive oﬂicers with our shareholders' interests and with the execution of our business
strategy;
- Motivate and reward our high caliber executive team through competitive pay practices and an appropriate mix of
short and long-term incentives;
- Evaluate executive performance on the basis of key financial measurements which we believe closely correlate to
long-term shareholder value; and
- Tie compensation awards directly to key financial measurements with evaluations based on achieving and
overachieving predetermined objectives.
Competitive Compensation
Aggregate compensation for each Named Executive Officer is designed to be market competitive. The Compensation
Committee researches and refers to the compensation practices of similarly situated companies in determining our
compensation policy. Although the Compensation Committee reviews each element of compensation for market
competitiveness, and may weigh a particular element more heavily than another based on our Named Executive Oﬁicer's role
within the Company, the focus on being competitive in the market with respect to total compensation remains.
The Compensation Committee regularly reviews data related to compensation levels and programs of a peer group of
comparable organizations. In January 2014, a peer group analysis was prepared using the criteria described in the table below
by Radford, an AON Hewitt Company (Radford) for management, which was presented to and approved by the Compensation
Committee. Our peer group consists of 18 companies that include 17 US-based companies and one UK based company. There
were no Canadian organizations that fell within all of the criteria noted below. No additional comparable companies were
added to our peer group in Fiscal 2016.
79