Table,of,C,0ntents
ORACLE CORPORATION
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT%(Continued)
May 31, 2016
We do not expect the goodwill recognized as a part of the MICROS acquisition to be deductible for income tax purposes.
Other Fiscal 2015 Acquisitions
During ﬁscal 2015, we acquired certain other companies and purchased certain technology and development assets primarily to expand our products and services
offerings. These acquisitions were not individually significant. We have included the financial results of the acquired companies in our consolidated financial
statements from their respective acquisition dates, and the results from each of these companies were not individually material to our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements. In the aggregate, the total purchase price for these acquisitions was approximately $1.7 billion, which consisted of approximately $1.7 billion in cash
and $7 million for the fair values of restricted stock-based awards and stock options assumed. We recorded $6 million of net tangible liabilities and $388 million of
identifiable intangible assets, based on their estimated fair values, and $1.4 billion of residual goodwill.
Fiscal 2014 Acquisitions
Acquisition of Responsys, Inc.
On February 6, 2014, we completed our acquisition of Responsys, Inc. (Responsys), a provider of enterprise-scale cloud-based business-to-consumer marketing
software. We have included the financial results of Responsys in our consolidated ﬁnancial statements from the date of acquisition. The total purchase price for
Responsys was approximately $1.6 billion, which consisted of approximately $1.4 billion in cash and $147 million for the fair values of restricted stock-based
awards and stock options assumed. We recorded $32 million of net tangible liabilities, related primarily to deferred tax liabilities, $580 million of identiﬁable
intangible assets, and $14 million of in-process research and development, based on their estimated fair values, and $1.0 billion of residual goodwill.
Other Fiscal 2014 Acquisitions
During ﬁscal 2014, we acquired certain other companies and purchased certain technology and development assets primarily to expand our products and services
offerings. These acquisitions were not individually significant. We have included the ﬁnancial results of these companies in our consolidated ﬁnancial statements
from their respective acquisition dates, and the results from each of these companies were not individually material to our consolidated financial statements. In the
aggregate, the total purchase price for these acquisitions was approximately $2.3 billion, which consisted primarily of cash consideration, and we recorded $230
million of net tangible liabilities, related primarily to deferred tax liabilities, $1.1 billion of identiﬁable intangible assets, and $99 million of in-process research and
development, based on their estimated fair values, and $1.3 billion of residual goodwill.
Unaudited Pro F orma Financial Information
The unaudited pro forma ﬁnancial information in the table below summarizes the combined results of operations for Oracle, MICROS, and certain other companies
that we acquired since the beginning of ﬁscal 2015 that were considered relevant for the purposes of unaudited pro forma financial information disclosure as if the
companies were combined as of the beginning of ﬁscal 2015. The unaudited pro forma ﬁnancial information for all periods presented also included the business
combination accounting effects resulting from these acquisitions, including amortization charges from acquired intangible assets (certain of which are preliminary),
stock-based compensation charges for restricted stock-based awards and unvested stock options assumed, if any, and the related tax effects as though the
aforementioned companies were combined as of the beginning of fiscal 2015. The unaudited pro forma ﬁnancial information as presented below is for
informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisitions had taken place at the
beginning of ﬁscal 2015.
106