Table,0f,C,0ntents
Mr. Henley, 71, has served as our Vice Chairman of the Board since September 2014. He previously served as our Chairman of the Board from January 2004 to
September 2014 and has served as a Director since June 1995. He served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer from March 1991 to July
2004.
Mr. Kurian, 49, has been our President, Product Development since January 2015. He served as our Executive Vice President, Product Development from July
2009 until January 2015. He served as our Senior Vice President of Development from February 2001 until July 2009. Mr. Kurian worked in Oracle Server
Technologies as Vice President of Development from March 1999 until February 2001. He also held various other positions with us since joining Oracle in 1996.
Mr. Fowler, 55, has been Executive Vice President, Systems since February 2010. Prior to Oracle’s acquisition of Sun Microsystems, Inc., Mr. Fowler served as
Sun’s Executive Vice President, Systems Group from May 2006 to February 2010, as Executive Vice President, Network Systems Group from May 2004 to May
2006 and as Chief Technology Officer, Software Group from July 2002 to May 2004.
Ms. Daley, 57, has been our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since April 2015 and was our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and
Secretary from October 2007 to April 2015. She served as our Vice President, Legal, Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary from June 2004 to
October 2007, as Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary from October 2001 to June 2004 and as Associate General Counsel from February 2001 to
October 2001. She held various other positions with us since joining Oracle’s Legal Department in 1992.
Mr. West, 54, has been our Executive Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer since April 2015. He served as our Senior Vice President,
Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Ofﬁcer from February 2008 to April 2015 and served as our Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief
Accounting Officer from April 2007 to February 2008. His previous experience includes 14 years with Arthur Andersen LLP, most recently as a partner.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control
or predict. The following discussion, as well as our “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” discussion in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations (Item 7), highlights some of these risks. The risks described below are not exhaustive and you should carefully consider these
risks and uncertainties before investing in our securities.
0ur Oracle Cloud strategy, including our Oracle Software as a Service (SaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Data as a
Service (DaaS) oﬂeﬁngs, may adversely aﬂect our revenues and profitability. We offer customers a full range of consumption models, including the
deployment of our products via our cloud-based SaaS, PaaS, IaaS and DaaS offerings. These business models continue to evolve, and we may not be able to
compete effectively, generate significant revenues or maintain the profitability of our cloud offerings. Additionally, the increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS
delivery models offered by us and our competitors may unfavorably impact the pricing of our on-premise enterprise software offerings and our cloud offerings, and
has a dampening impact on overall demand for our on-premise software product and service offerings, which has reduced and could continue to reduce our
revenues and profitability, at least in the near term. If we do not successfully execute our cloud computing strategy or anticipate the cloud computing needs of our
customers, our reputation as a cloud services provider could be harmed and our revenues and profitability could decline.
As customer demand for our cloud offerings increases, we experience volatility in our reported revenues and operating results due to the differences in timing of
revenue recognition between our new software licenses and hardware arrangements relative to our cloud offering arrangements. Customers generally purchase our
cloud offerings on a subscription basis and revenues from these offerings are generally recognized ratably over the terms of the subscriptions. The deferred revenue
that results from sales of our cloud offerings may prevent any deterioration in sales activity associated with our cloud offerings from becoming immediately
observable in our consolidated statement of operations. This is in contrast to revenues associated with our new software licenses arrangements whereby new
software licenses revenues are generally recognized in full at the time of delivery of
21