Table,0f,C,0ntents
ORACLE CORPORATION
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT%(Continued)
May 31, 2016
On January 21, 2O 16, Oracle filed a lawsuit in the Circuit Court of the State of Oregon for the County of Marion against the State of Oregon, by and through
Governor Kate Brown, Attorney General Ellen Rosenblum, and three state agencies. In this lawsuit, Oracle seeks to enforce an October 2015 oral agreement to
resolve all pending litigation between Oracle and the State of Oregon. The State of Oregon moved to dismiss the complaint, and on April 28, 2016 that motion was
denied. Oracle filed a First Amended Complaint on June 13, 2016, and Mythics, Inc. was added as a plaintiff.
On March 8, 2016, Oracle filed a Complaint for a Writ of Mandamus in the US. District Court for the District of Columbia against Sylvia Burwell, Secretary, US.
Department of Health and Human Services, in her ofﬁcial capacity. In this lawsuit, Oracle alleges that, as to the State of Oregon and the Oregon Health Insurance
Exchange, the Secretary failed to exercise her mandatory oversight duties under the Affordable Care Act to monitor the integrity and performance of states and
state health insurance exchanges that receive federal funds. Oracle seeks an order requiring the Secretary to exercise that mandatory duty and (1) direct the State of
Oregon to stay or dismiss its lawsuit against Oracle, and (2) monitor and investigate all work Oregon and its subgrantees and contractors, including Oracle, did on
the health insurance exchange project to determine what liabilities involving federal funds, if any, have arisen from it.
Other Litigation
We are party to various other legal proceedings and claims, either asserted or unasserted, which arise in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings and
claims that relate to acquisitions we have completed or to companies we have acquired or are attempting to acquire. While the outcome of these matters cannot be
predicted with certainty, we do not believe that the outcome of any of these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will result in losses that are materially in
excess of amounts already recognized, if any.
135