Table,0f,C,0ntents
Based on our management’s evaluation (with the participation of our Principal Executive Ofﬁcers, one of whom is our Principal Financial Officer), as of the end of
the period covered by this report, our Principal Executive Ofﬁcers have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officers (one of whom is our
Principal Financial Officer), we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2016 based on the
guidelines established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission’s 2013
framework. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of ﬁnancial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with US. GAAP.
Based on the results of our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting was effective as of May 31, 2016. We reviewed
the results of management’s assessment with our Finance and Audit Committee.
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2016 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public
accounting ﬁrm, as stated in their report which is included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rules
13a-15 or 15 d-15 that occurred during our last ﬁscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.
Inherent Limitations on Eﬂectiveness of Controls
Our management, including our Principal Executive Ofﬁcers (one of whom is our Principal Financial Ofﬁcer), believes that our disclosure controls and procedures
and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance
level. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors
and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control
system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reﬂect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns
can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more
people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations
in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.
Item 9B. Other Information
None.
81