Table,of,C,ontents
° our expectation that to the extent customers renew support contracts or cloud SaaS and PaaS contracts from companies that we have acquired, we will
recognize revenues for the full contracts’ values over the respective renewal periods;
° our ability to predict quarterly hardware revenues;
- the timing of customer orders and delays in our ability to manufacture or deliver a few large transactions substantially affecting the amount of hardware
products revenues, expenses and operating margins that we will report;
as well as other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects, and business strategies. F orward-looking statements may be preceded
by, followed by or include the words “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “strives,” “estimates,” “will,” “should,” “is designed to” and
similar expressions. We claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for
all forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-
looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about our business that could affect our future results and could cause those results or other
outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to, those discussed in “Risk Factors” included elsewhere in this Annual Report and as may be updated in filings we make from time to time with
the US. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q to be filed by us in our ﬁscal year 2017, which runs from June 1,
2016 to May 31, 2017.
We have no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or risks, except to the
extent required by applicable securities laws. If we do update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional
updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. New information, future events or risks could cause the forward-looking events we discuss in
this Annual Report not to occur. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reﬂect our expectations only as of the date of this
Annual Report.
2