Table,0f,C,0ntents
Oracle Database In-Memory Option with virtually any existing Oracle Database compatible application requires no application changes as it is fully
integrated with Oracle Database’s scale-up, scale-out, storage tiering, availability and security technologies, which makes any Oracle in-memory database
enterprise-ready.
In addition to Oracle Database, we also offer a portfolio of specialized database software products to address particular customer requirements, including the
following:
- MySQL, the world’s most popular open source database, designed for high performance and scalability of web applications and embedded applications,
available in Enterprise, Standard, Classic, Cluster and Community editions;
- Oracle TimesTen In-Memory Database, designed to deliver real-time data management and transaction processing speeds for performance-critical
applications. Oracle TimesTen In-Memory Database can serve as a cache to accelerate Oracle Database and can work as a standalone database at the
application tier;
- Oracle Berkeley DB, a family of open source, embeddable, relational, XML and key-value (N oSQL) databases designed for developers to embed within
their applications and devices; and
° Oracle NoSQL Database, a distributed key-value database designed for high availability and massive scalability of high volume transaction processing
with predictable low-latency.
Big Data
Oracle offers big data solutions to complement and extend its Oracle Database software offerings. Big data generally refers to a massive amount of unstructured,
streaming and structured data that is so large that it is difficult to process using traditional IT techniques. As businesses drive more of their critical operations and
information management through IT solutions, the volume of this data generated by businesses is increasing at unprecedented levels.
We believe most businesses View big data as a high-value source of business intelligence that can be used to gain new insights into customer behavior, anticipate
future demand more accurately, align workforce deployment with business activity forecasts and accelerate the pace of operations, among others. Oracle offers a
comprehensive portfolio of products and services to help enterprises capture, manage and analyze big data alongside an enterprise’s existing enterprise and
streaming data.
Oracle big data solutions for capturing unstructured, streaming and structured data complement existing Oracle Database environments and include Oracle NoSQL
Database and popular open source software such as the Had00p File System. Oracle Data Integration and Oracle Big Data Connectors are designed to easily and
non-invasively integrate data from Had00p file systems or Oracle NoSQL databases and Oracle databases to enable a data warehouse to further organize, analyze,
interpret, report on and act on information from these high volume data sources.
We offer Oracle Business Analytics products that are designed to leverage big data and enterprise data to enable organizations to analyze the data and discover new
ways to strategize, plan, optimize business operations and capture new market opportunities. Oracle Business Analytics products include data discovery software,
enterprise performance management and analytic application software, business intelligence software, and predictive analytics and self-learning decision
optimization software. The Oracle Exalytics In-Memory Machine, an Oracle Engineered System, is designed to run analytic environments at optimal performance
and scale, which is ideal for use with big data environments.
Oracle also offers certain of these big data capabilities Via the Oracle Cloud, including, among others, Oracle Big Data Cloud Service, Oracle Big Data Discovery
Cloud Service, Oracle Big Data Appliance Cloud Service, Oracle Exadata Cloud Service, Oracle Data Visualization Cloud Service and Oracle GoldenGate Cloud
Service, which are designed to combine data integration, analytics and data management.
11