Table,0f,C,0ntents
Our application technologies are generally designed using an industry standards-based architecture to manage and automate core business functions across the
enterprise, as well as to help customers differentiate and innovate in those processes unique to their industries or organizations. In addition to applications that are
deployable to meet a number of business automation requirements across a broad range of industries, we also offer industry-specific applications through a focused
strategy of investments in internal development and strategic acquisitions. Our industry-specific applications provide solutions to customers in the communications,
engineering and construction, ﬁnancial services, healthcare, hospitality and retail, manufacturing, public and utilities sectors, among others. Our ability to offer
applications to address industry-specific complex processes provides us an opportunity to expand our customers’ knowledge of our broader product offerings and
address customer-speciﬁc technology challenges.
QracleiCloud,S,oﬁware,as,a,S,ervic,e,(SaaS,)
Our broad spectrum of SaaS offerings provides customers a choice of software applications that are delivered via a cloud-based IT environment that we host,
manage and support. Our SaaS offerings are built upon open industry standards such as SQL, Java and HTMLS for easier application accessibility, integration and
development. Our SaaS offerings include a broad suite of modular, next-generation cloud software applications that span core business functions including human
capital management (HCM), enterprise resource planning (ERP), customer experience (CX), and supply chain management (SCM), among others. We also offer a
number of cloud-based industry solutions to address specific customer needs within certain industries.
We believe the comprehensiveness and breadth of our SaaS offerings provide greater beneﬁt to our customers and differentiate us from many of our competitors
that offer more limited or specialized cloud-based applications. Our SaaS offerings are designed to be interoperable with one another, thereby limiting the
integration and tuning of multiple cloud applications from multiple vendors. Our SaaS offerings are designed to deliver secure data isolation and ﬂexible upgrades,
self-service access controls for users, a Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) for integration with on-premise systems, built-in social, mobile and business insight
capabilities, and a high performance, high availability infrastructure based on our infrastructure technologies including Oracle Engineered Systems. These SaaS
capabilities are designed to simplify IT environments and enable customers to focus resources on business growth opportunities.
Oracle Human Capital Management Cloud
Oracle HCM cloud applications are designed to be complete and integrated to help organizations ﬁnd, grow and retain the best talent, enable collaboration, provide
complete workforce insights, increase operational efﬁciency and enable people to connect from any device. Oracle HCM Cloud includes:
- Oracle Recruiting Cloud, which is designed to provide customers the ability to identify, source, recruit, screen and hire applicants efficiently and
collaboratively;
- Oracle HR Cloud, which is designed to provide organizations a complete View of their employee base and permit employees to manage their profiles and
collaborate with other employees;
° Oracle Compensation and Benefits Cloud, which is designed to provide organizations the tools to manage employee compensation, benefits, and payroll;
- Oracle Performance Management Cloud, which is designed to provide customers with the ability to set meaningful performance management goals and
capture feedback about employees to help them develop;
- Oracle Learning Cloud, which is designed to provide customers with the ability to create and deliver personalized learning content to multiple audiences
and track compliance; and
° Oracle Workforce Management Cloud, which allows customers to track, monitor and increase accuracy of time reporting and implement absence and
leave policies globally or locally.
5