Table,of,C,ontents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Oracle Corporation
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Oracle Corporation as of May 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, comprehensive income, equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended May 31, 2016. Our audits also included the financial
statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) 2. These ﬁnancial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on
a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.
In our opinion, the ﬁnancial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Oracle Corporation at May
31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended May 31, 2016, in conformity with
US. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related ﬁnancial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial
statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Oracle Corporation’s internal control
over ﬁnancial reporting as of May 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated June 22, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
San Jose, California
June 22, 2016
84