Table,0f,C,0ntents
We have three businesses that deliver our application, platform and infrastructure technologies: cloud and on-premise software, hardware and services. These
businesses can be further divided into certain operating segments (Note 16 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included elsewhere in this Annual
Report, provides additional information related to our operating segments):
° our cloud and on-premise software business is comprised of three operating segments: (1) cloud software and on-premise software, which includes our
SaaS and PaaS offerings, (2) cloud infrastructure as a service and (3) software license updates and product support. Our cloud and on-premise software
business represented 78%, 77% and 76% of our total revenues in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively;
° our hardware business is comprised of two operating segments: (1) hardware products and (2) hardware support. Our hardware business represented 13%
of our total revenues in fiscal 2016, and 14% of our total revenues in each of fiscal 2015 and 2014; and
° our services business is comprised of the remainder of our operating segments and offers consulting services, enhanced support services and education
services. Our services business represented 9% of our total revenues in each of fiscal 2016 and 2015, and 10% of our total revenues in fiscal 2014.
Oracle Corporation was incorporated in 2005 as a Delaware corporation and is the successor to operations originally begun in June 1977.
Application, Platform and Infrastructure Technologies
Oracle’s comprehensive portfolio of application, platform and infrastructure technologies address an organization’s business, infrastructure and development IT
requirements. Our applications, platform and infrastructure technologies are based upon industry standards and are designed to be enterprise-grade, reliable,
scalable and secure. We offer these technologies through our cloud and on-premise software, hardware and services businesses and deliver them through ﬂexible
and interoperable deployment models that enable customer choice and best meet customer IT needs.
Application and Platform Technologieis
Our application and platform technologies consist of comprehensive on-premise and cloud software offerings including our SaaS and PaaS offerings, Oracle
Applications, Oracle Database, Oracle Fusion Middleware and Java, among others, and related support.
Our application and platform technologies are substantially built on standards-based architectures that are designed to help customers reduce the cost and
complexity of their IT infrastructure. Our commitment to industry standards results in software that works in customer environments with Oracle or non-Oracle
hardware or software components and that can be adapted to meet specific industry or business needs. This approach is designed to support customer choice and
reduce customer risk. Our software offerings are substantially designed to Operate on both single server and clustered server configurations for cloud or on-premise
IT environments, and to support a choice of operating systems including Oracle Solaris, Oracle Linux, Microsoft Windows and third-party UNIX products, among
others.
Our application and platform technologies are marketed, sold and delivered through our cloud and on-premise software business, which includes our cloud software
and on-premise software segment and software license updates and product support segment, among others. Cloud software and on-premise software revenues
represented 25%, 26% and 28% of our total revenues in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Software license updates and product support revenues
represented 51%, 49% and 47% of our total revenues in ﬁscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Application Technologies
Our application technologies are available through subscription to our Oracle Cloud SaaS offerings or by the purchase of an on-premise software license.
Regardless of the deployment model selected, our application technologies are designed to reduce the risk, cost and complexity of our customers’ IT
infrastructures, while supporting customer choice with ﬂexible deployment models that readily enable agility, compatibility and extendibility.
4