Table,0f,C,0ntents
Our tape storage product line includes Oracle StorageTek libraries, drives, virtualization systems, media and associated software packages that provide data
lifecycle management, deep analytics and file access through the familiar “drag-and-drop” paradigm. Oracle’s Virtual Storage Manager 7 offers the only storage for
mainframe environments with cloud access built in to significantly lower costs of storing and archiving mainframe data. In addition to serving in tape’s traditional
role as enterprise data backup, these products are intended to provide robust, scalable solutions at a lower total cost of ownership for long-term data archiving and
preservation in vertical industries such as communications, energy, healthcare and internet, among others.
Networking and Data Center Fabric Products
Our networking and data center fabric products, including Oracle Virtual Networking, and Oracle InfiniBand and Ethernet technologies, are used with our server
and storage products and are integrated into our management tools to help enterprise customers improve infrastructure performance, reduce cost and complexity
and simplify storage and server connectivity.
Industry-Specific Hardware Oﬂerings
We offer hardware products and services designed for certain speciﬁc industries. Our point-of-sale hardware offerings include point-of-sale terminals and related
hardware that are designed for managing businesses within the food and beverage, hotel and retail industries, among others. Our hardware products and services for
communications networks include network signaling, policy control and subscriber data management solutions, and session border control technology, among
others.
Oracle Solaris and Oracle Linux Operating Systems, Virtualization and Other Hardware-Related Software
The Oracle Solaris operating system is designed to provide a reliable, secure and scalable operating system environment through significant kernel feature
development, networking, security, and file system technologies as well as close integration with hardware features. This design provides us with an ability to
combine Oracle Solaris with our own hardware components to achieve certain performance and efﬁciency advantages in comparison to our competitors. The
Oracle Solaris operating system is based on the UNIX operating system, but is unique among UNIX systems in that it is available on our SPARC servers and X86
servers. We also support Oracle Solaris deployed on other companies’ hardware products.
The Oracle Linux operating system is optimized for cloud computing and enterprise workloads including databases, middleware and applications. The operating
system offers technologies such as containers and OpenStack support. Oracle Linux also has unique features for the enterprise such as Ksplice, which enables users
to patch the Oracle Linux operating system while in use.
Oracle provides a broad portfolio of virtualization solutions from the desktop to the data center. Oracle VM is server virtualization software for both Oracle SPARC
and x86 servers and supports both Oracle and non-Oracle applications. Oracle VM software is designed to enable different applications to share a single physical
system for higher utilization and efficiency and simplify software deployment by enabling pre-configured software images to be created and rapidly deployed
without installation or configuration errors. In addition, Oracle Solaris 11 provides comprehensive, built-in virtualization capabilities for both SPARC and x86
servers, networking and storage resources.
In addition to Oracle Solaris and Oracle Linux operating systems and Oracle’s virtualization software, we also develop a range of other hardware-related software,
including deve10pment tools, compilers, management tools for servers and storage, diagnostic tools and file systems.
Management Software
Oracle invests in a range of management technologies and products in order to meet the needs of customers building and efficiently operating complex IT
environments, including both end users’ and service providers’ cloud environments. Oracle Enterprise Manager is a comprehensive management solution for all
Oracle infrastructure, platform and applications technologies and provides an integrated view of the entire IT lifecycle including deployment, monitoring and
lifecycle management. Oracle Enterprise Manager can be applied to
16