Table,0f,C,0ntents
High-profile security breaches at other companies have increased in recent years, and security industry experts and government officials have warned about the
risks of hackers and cyber-attacks targeting IT products and businesses. Although this is an industry-wide problem that affects other software and hardware
companies, it affects Oracle in particular because computer hackers tend to focus their efforts on the most prominent IT companies, and they may focus on Oracle
because of our reputation for, and marketing efforts associated with, having secure products and services. These risks will increase as we continue to grow our
cloud offerings and store and process increasingly large amounts of data, including personal information and our customers’ conﬁdential information and data and
other external data, and host or manage parts of our customers’ businesses in cloud-based IT environments, especially in customer sectors involving particularly
sensitive data such as health sciences, financial services and the government. We also have an active acquisition program and have acquired a number of
companies, products, services and technologies over the years. While we make significant efforts to address any IT security issues with respect to our acquired
companies, we may still inherit such risks when we integrate these companies within Oracle.
We could suffer significant damage to our brand and reputation if a cyber-attack or other security incident were to allow unauthorized access to or modification of
our customers’ or suppliers’ data, other external data, or our own data or our IT systems or if the services we provide to our customers were disrupted, or if our
products or services are perceived as having security vulnerabilities. Customers could lose confidence in the security and reliability of our products and services,
including our cloud offerings, and perceive them to be not secure. This could lead to fewer customers using our products and services and result in reduced revenue
and earnings. The costs we would incur to address and fix these security incidents would increase our expenses. These types of security incidents could also lead to
lawsuits, regulatory investigations and claims and increased legal liability, including in some cases contractual costs related to customer notification and fraud
monitoring.
Our business practices with respect to the collection, use and management of personal information could give rise to operational interruption, liabilities or
reputational harm as a result of governmental regulation, legal requirements or industry standards relating to consumer privacy and data protection. As
regulatory focus on privacy issues continues to increase and worldwide laws and regulations concerning the handling of personal information expand and become
more complex, potential risks related to data collection and use within our business will intensify. For example, in October 2015, the Court of Justice of the
European Union (EU) invalidated the EU-U.S. Safe Harbor Framework, which Oracle as well as many other global enterprises had relied on in certain contexts to
enable the transfer of EU personal data to the United States. While Oracle adapted to this judgment by implementing other transfer mechanisms permitted under
applicable law, the validity of these other mechanisms could also be challenged. If successful, this could require Oracle to make disruptive operational adjustments
to the delivery of certain services that could impact customers and sales in the region. In addition, US. and foreign governments have enacted or are considering
enacting legislation or regulations, or may in the near future interpret existing legislation or regulations, in a manner that could significantly impact the ability of
Oracle and our customers and data partners to collect, augment, analyze, use, transfer and share personal and other information that is integral to certain services
Oracle provides and data services. This could be true particularly in those jurisdictions where privacy laws or regulators take a broader view of how personal
information is defined, therefore subjecting the handling of such data to heightened restrictions that may be obstructive to the operations of Oracle and its
customers and data providers. This impact may be acute in countries that have passed or are considering passing legislation that requires data to remain localized
“in country,” as this imposes financial costs on any service provider that is required to store data in jurisdictions not of its choosing and nonstandard operational
processes that are difficult and costly to integrate with global processes.
Regulators globally are also imposing greater monetary fines for privacy violations, and the EU is considering legislation that would impose fines for privacy
violations based on a percentage of global revenues. Changes in laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of certain types of sensitive data, such
as healthcare data or other personal information, could greatly increase our cost of providing our products and services or even prevent us from offering certain of
our services in jurisdictions that we operate. Additionally, public perception and standards related to the privacy of personal information can shift rapidly, in ways
that may affect Oracle’s reputation or inﬂuence regulators to enact regulations and laws that may limit Oracle’s ability to provide certain
23