Table,of,C,ontents
ORACLE CORPORATION
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT%(Continued)
May 31, 2016
Our cloud software and on-premise software line of business markets, sells and delivers a broad spectrum of application and platform technologies through our
SaaS and PaaS offerings, which are certain of our software applications and platforms that are delivered via a cloud-based IT environment that we host, manage
and support, and through the licensing of our software products including Oracle Applications, Oracle Database, Oracle Fusion Middleware and Java, among
others.
The cloud IaaS line of business provides infrastructure cloud services that are enterprise-grade, hosted and supported within the Oracle Cloud to perform elastic
compute, storage and networking services on a subscription basis; and Oracle Managed Cloud Services, which are comprehensive software and hardware
management and maintenance services for customer IT infrastructure for a fee for a stated term that are hosted at our Oracle data center facilities, select partner
data centers or physically on-premise at customer facilities.
The software license updates and product support line of business generates revenues through the sale of software support contracts related to new software licenses
purchased by our customers. The software license updates and product support line of business provides our on-premise software customers with rights to software
product upgrades and maintenance releases, patches released, internet access to technical content, as well as internet and telephone access to technical support
personnel during the support period.
The hardware products line of business provides Oracle Engineered Systems, servers, storage, networking, industry-specific hardware, virtualization software,
operating systems including the Oracle Solaris Operating System and management software to support diverse IT environments, including cloud computing
environments.
Our hardware support line of business provides customers with software updates for the software components that are essential to the functionality of our hardware
products, such as Oracle Solaris and certain other software products, and can include product repairs, maintenance services and technical support services.
Our services business is comprised of the remainder of our operating segments and offers consulting, advanced customer support services and education services.
Our consulting line of business primarily provides services to customers in business and IT strategy alignment, enterprise architecture planning and design, initial
product implementation and integration and ongoing product enhancements and upgrades. Advanced customer support provides support services, both on-premise
and remote, to our customers to enable increased performance and higher availability of their products and services and also includes certain other services.
Education services provide training to customers, partners and employees as a part of our mission of accelerating the adoption and use of our cloud, on-premise
software and hardware offerings.
We do not track our assets by Operating segments. Consequently, it is not practical to show assets by Operating segment.
The following table presents summary results for each of our three businesses and for the operating segments of our cloud and on-premise software and hardware
businesses:
129