Table,of,C,ontents
- Oracle Private Cloud Appliance, an engineered system delivering converged infrastructure for virtualized environments that is designed to be simple to
use, rapidly deployable and capable of running almost any application built upon Linux, Microsoft Windows or Oracle Solaris operating systems;
- Oracle Database Appliance, which is designed to be a simple, reliable and cost-effective family of converged infrastructure solutions delivering an
Optimized appliance for running Oracle Database;
- Oracle Big Data Appliance, a scalable, engineered system designed for acquiring, organizing and loading unstructured data into a Had00p file system or
Oracle NoSQL Database and optionally integrating that data with Oracle Databases. The key components of a big data platform are integrated into the
Oracle Big Data Appliance to reduce deployment, integration and management risks in comparison to custom-built solutions; and
- Oracle Zero Data Loss Recovery Appliance, an engineered system that is integrated with Oracle Database and is designed to eliminate data loss exposure
for databases without impacting production environments.
Servers
We offer a wide range of server products using our SPARC microprocessor, which are designed to be differentiated by their reliability, security and scalability. Our
SPARC-based T7 mid-range servers and M7 high-end servers, for example, are designed to offer better performance and lower total cost of ownership than
competitive UNIX systems for business critical applications and for customers having more computationally intensive needs. Measurably increasing computing
performance and reliability, these servers are ideal platforms for building cloud computing IT environments. We also offer servers using microprocessors from Intel
Corporation (Intel). By offering customers a range of microprocessors, we intend to offer our customers maximum ﬂexibility in choosing the types of hardware
products that they believe will be most appropriate and valuable for their particular IT environments.
Our SPARC servers run the Oracle Solaris operating system and are designed for mission critical enterprise environments. Our SPARC servers are also a core
component of the Oracle SuperCluster, one of our Oracle Engineered Systems.
Our Intel-based enterprise x86 servers are compatible with Oracle Solaris, Oracle Linux, Microsoft Windows and other operating systems. Our x86 servers are also
a core component of many of our Oracle Engineered Systems including Oracle Exadata Database Machine, Oracle Exalogic Elastic Cloud, Oracle Exalytics In-
Memory Machine and the Oracle Big Data Appliance.
Storage
Our storage products are engineered for the cloud and designed to securely store, manage, protect, archive, backup and recover customers’ mission critical data
assets. Our storage products consist of disk, ﬂash, tape, virtual tape, and hardware-related software including file systems software, back-up and archive software,
hierarchical storage management software and networking for mainframe and heterogeneous systems environments. We also offer certain of our storage offerings
as a cloud service. Our storage products are designed to improve data availability by providing fast data access and dynamic data protection for back-up and
recovery, secure archiving for compliance and integration with the Oracle Cloud for low-cost access to capacity expansion. Our storage products are co-engineered
with Oracle software and designed to provide performance benefits for our customers in Oracle Database and Oracle Applications environments, as well as to work
with heterogeneous application and systems environments to maximize performance and efficiency while minimizing management overhead and lowering the total
cost of ownership.
Our Oracle ZFS Storage Appliance is designed to improve Network Attached Storage (NAS) performance and manageability and lower total cost of ownership by
combining our advanced storage operating system with a DRAM-centric architecture and leveraging high-performance controllers, ﬂash-based caches and disks.
Our Oracle All Flash F S storage system, which is targeted at all-ﬂash Storage Area Network (SAN) environments, is designed to deliver high performance with
low latency to meet business critical service level agreements for dynamic, multi-application workloads and enable customers to consolidate storage applications
into a single data center storage solution.
1 5