Table,of,C,ontents
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Ofﬁcers and Corporate Governance
Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, the information required by this item relating to our executive officers is included under the caption “Executive
Officers of the Registrant” in Part I of this Annual Report.
The other information required by this Item 10 is incorporated by reference from the information contained in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the US.
Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the solicitation of proxies for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (2016 Proxy Statement) under the
sections entitled “Board of Directors—Nominees for Directors,” “Board of Directors—Committees, Membership and Meetings,” “Board of Directors—
Committees, Membership and Meetings—The Finance and Audit Committee,” “Corporate Governance—Employee Matters—Code of Conduct,” and “Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance.”
Item 11. Executive Compensation
The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference from the information to be contained in our 2016 Proxy Statement under the sections entitled
“Board of Directors—Committees, Membership and Meetings—The Compensation Committee—Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,”
“Board of Directors—Director Compensation,” and “Executive Compensation.”
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneﬁcial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters
The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference from the information to be contained in our 2016 Proxy Statement under the sections
entitled “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” and “Executive Compensation—Equity Compensation Plan Information.”
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference from the information to be contained in our 2016 Proxy Statement under the sections
entitled “Corporate Governance—Board of Directors and Director Independence” and “Transactions with Related Persons.”
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services
The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from the information to be contained in our 2016 Proxy Statement under the section
entitled “Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.”
82