Table,of,C,ontents
ORACLE CORPORATION
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT%(Continued)
May 31, 2016
18. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Hewlett-Packard Company Litigation
On June 15, 2011, Hewlett-Packard Company (HP) filed a complaint in the California Superior Court, County of Santa Clara against Oracle Corporation alleging
numerous causes of action including breach of contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, defamation, intentional interference with prospective
economic advantage, and violation of the California Unfair Business Practices Act. The original plaintiff, Hewlett Packard Company, is now Hewlett Packard
Enterprise Company. The complaint alleged that when Oracle announced on March 22 and 23, 2011 that it would no longer develop future versions of its software
to run on HP’s Itanium-based servers, it breached a settlement agreement signed on September 20, 2010 between HP and Mark Hurd (the Hurd Settlement
Agreement), who was both HP’s former chief executive officer and chairman of HP’s board of directors. HP sought a judicial declaration of the parties’ rights and
obligations under the Hurd Settlement Agreement, and other equitable and monetary relief.
Oracle answered the complaint and filed a cross-complaint, which was amended on December 2, 2011. The amended cross-complaint alleged claims including
violation of the Lanham Act. Oracle alleged that HP had secretly agreed to pay Intel to continue to develop and manufacture the Itanium microprocessor, and had
misrepresented to customers that the Itanium microprocessor had a long roadmap, among other claims. Oracle sought equitable rescission of the Hurd Settlement
Agreement, and other equitable and monetary relief.
The court bifurcated the trial and tried HP’s causes of action for declaratory relief and promissory estoppel without a jury in June 2012. The court issued a final
statement of decision on August 28, 2012, finding that the Hurd Settlement Agreement required Oracle to continue to develop certain of its software products for
use on HP’s Itanium-based servers and to port such products at no cost to HP for as long as HP sells those servers. Oracle has announced that it is appealing this
decision. The issues of breach, HP’s performance, causation and damages, HP’s tort claims, and Oracle’s cross-claims will all be tried before a jury. As of April 8,
2013, the trial was stayed pending Oracle’s appeal of the court’s denial of its anti-SLAPP motion. On August 27, 2015, the Court of Appeal affirmed the trial
court’s denial of Oracle’s anti-SLAPP motion. The Court of Appeal’s decision became final on September 26, 2015. The matter was remanded to the trial court for
further proceedings and trial, which began on May 23, 2016. While we believe that we have meritorious defenses against this action, and we will continue to
vigorously defend it, we cannot currently estimate a reasonably possible range of loss for this action due to the complexities and uncertainty surrounding the
judicial process and the nature of the claims.
State of Oregon Litigation
On August 22, 2014, the Attorney General for the State of Oregon, the State of Oregon, and the Oregon Health Insurance Exchange Corporation, doing business as
Cover Oregon (Cover Oregon), filed a lawsuit in the Circuit Court of the State of Oregon for the County of Marion against Oracle, our then-President and Chief
Financial Officer, three current and two former Oracle employees, and Mythics, Inc. The complaint alleges claims related to the work Oracle performed on
Oregon’s healthcare exchange website and Oregon’s system for delivering health and human services to low-income residents. Thereafter, Cover Oregon was
dissolved, and the Oregon Department of Consumer and Business Services (the DCBS) continued to assert Cover Oregon’s claims. Also, one of the former Oracle
employees was dismissed from the lawsuit. A First Amended Complaint was filed on August 10, 2015.
The complaint alleges claims against Oracle for fraud, violations of Oregon’s False Claims Act, breach of contract, and violations of the Oregon Civil Racketeer
Inﬂuenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, and alleges a violation of Oregon’s False Claims Act against each of the individuals. The complaint seeks monetary
damages, statutory penalties, attorneys’ fees and costs, and a permanent injunction prohibiting Oracle from marketing to or entering into a contract with any public
corporation or agency of the State of Oregon. Specifically, the complaint alleges that Oracle committed fraud by making false statements about the capabilities and
functionality of its products and about the amount of time and effort it would take Oracle’s consulting and managed cloud services operations to perform the
requested work. It also alleges that Oracle breached the contracts by failing to provide
133