Table,of,C,ontents
Infrastructure Technologieis
Oracle infrastructure technologies consist of our hardware products including Oracle Engineered Systems, servers, storage, networking, industry-specific hardware,
virtualization software, operating systems, management software and related hardware services including support. These complement our Oracle Cloud IaaS
offerings described above.
Our infrastructure technologies help customers manage growing amounts of data and business requirements, meet increasing compliance and regulatory demands
and reduce energy, space and operational costs. Our infrastructure technologies support many of the world’s largest cloud and on-premise IT environments,
including the Oracle Cloud. Our infrastructure technologies are designed to seamlessly connect cloud and on-premise IT environments to further enable
interoperability, interchangeability and extendibility. We design our infrastructure technologies to work in customer environments that may include other Oracle or
non-Oracle hardware or software components. Our ﬂexible and open approach provides Oracle customers with a broad range of choices in how they deploy our
infrastructure technologies, which we believe is a priority for our customers.
We focus the operation and integration of our infrastructure technologies to make them easier to deploy, manage and maintain for our customers and to improve
computing performance relative to our competitors” offerings. For example, our Oracle Engineered Systems are designed to integrate multiple Oracle technology
components to work together to deliver improved performance, availability, security and operational efficiency relative to our competitors’ products. These same
Oracle technology components are tested together and supported together to streamline system deployment and maintenance cycles. We also engineer our hardware
products with virtualization and management capabilities to enable the rapid deployment and efficient management of cloud and on-premise IT infrastructures.
Our infrastructure technologies are substantially marketed, sold and delivered through our hardware business, which includes our hardware products segment and
hardware support segment. Our hardware products revenues represented 7% of our total revenues in fiscal 2016 and 8% of our total revenues in each of fiscal 2015
and 2014. Our hardware support revenues represented 6% of our total revenues in each of fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Oracle Engineered Systems
Oracle Engineered Systems are core to our hardware offerings and are important elements of our data center and cloud computing offerings including the Oracle
Cloud. These pre-integrated products are designed to integrate multiple Oracle technology components to work together to deliver improved performance,
availability, security and operational efficiency relative to our competitors’ products; to be upgraded effectively and efﬁciently; and to simplify maintenance cycles
by providing a single solution for software patching. Oracle Engineered Systems are tested before they are shipped to customers and delivered ready-to-run,
enabling customers to shorten deployment time to production. We offer certain of our Oracle Engineered Systems technologies through ﬂexible deployment
options including as a cloud service and for on-premise IT environments. Oracle Engineered Systems include:
- Oracle Exadata Database Machine, a family of integrated software and hardware products that combines our database, storage and operating system
software with our server, storage and networking hardware and is designed to provide a high performance database system for online transaction
processing, database consolidation and data warehousing applications;
- Oracle Exalogic Elastic Cloud, an engineered system that combines Oracle Fusion Middleware software with our server, storage and networking
hardware to run Java and non-Java applications and provide customers with an applications platform for cloud computing;
- Oracle Exalytics In-Memory Machine, a single server that is designed to be configured for in-memory analytics for business intelligence workloads;
° Oracle SuperCluster, a general purpose engineered system that combines the optimized database performance of Oracle Exadata storage and the
accelerated application performance on a SPARC/Solaris platform;
14