Table,0f,C,ontents
ORACLE CORPORATION
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT%(Continued)
May 31, 2016
Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at the lower of cost or realizable value, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line
method based on estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from one to 40 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the estimated
useful lives of the improvements or the lease terms, as apprOpriate. Property, plant and equipment are periodically reviewed for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We did not recognize any significant property impairment charges
in ﬁscal 2016, 2015 or 2014.
Goodwill, Intangible Assets and Impairment Assessments
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired. Intangible assets
that are not considered to have an indefinite useful life are amortized over their useful lives, which generally range from one to 10 years. Each period we evaluate
the estimated remaining useful lives of purchased intangible assets and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining periods of
amortization.
The carrying amounts of our goodwill and intangible assets are periodically reviewed for impairment (at least annually for goodwill and indeﬁnite lived intangible
assets) and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. According to ASC 350, Intangibles
— Goodwill and Other , we can opt to perform a qualitative assessment to test a reporting unit’s goodwill for impairment or we can directly perform the two-step
impairment test. Based on our qualitative assessment, if we determine that the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood of more than 50
percent) to be less than its carrying amount, the two-step impairment test will be performed. In the first step, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its
carrying value. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the net assets assigned to that unit, goodwill is not considered impaired and we
are not required to perform further testing. If the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, then we
must perform the second step of the impairment test in order to determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit’s goodwill. If the carrying value of a reporting
unit’s goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, then we would record an impairment loss equal to the difference. We did not recognize any goodwill impairment
charges in fiscal 2016 or 2014. During ﬁscal 2015, we recognized a $186 million goodwill impairment loss (refer to Note 7 below for additional information).
Recoverability of finite lived intangible assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash ﬂows the asset is
expected to generate. Recoverability of indeﬁnite lived intangible assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to its fair value. If the asset
is considered to be impaired, the amount of any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the impaired asset. We
did not recognize any intangible asset impairment charges in ﬁscal 2016, 2015 or 2014.
Derivative Financial Instruments
During ﬁscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, we used derivative and non-derivative financial instruments to manage foreign currency and interest rate risks (see Note 11
below for additional information). We account for these instruments in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging (ASC 815), which requires that every
derivative instrument be recorded on the balance sheet as either an asset or liability measured at its fair value as of the reporting date. ASC 815 also requires that
changes in our derivatives’ fair values be recognized in earnings, unless specific hedge accounting and documentation criteria are met (i.e., the instruments are
accounted for as hedges).
100