statements of earnings. For assets within our retail operations, net impairment and disposition charges are recorded in store
operating expenses. For all other assets, these charges are recorded in cost of sales including occupancy costs, other operating
expenses or general and administrative expenses.
Goodwill
We evaluate goodwill for impairment annually during our third fiscal quarter, or more frequently if an event occurs or
circumstances change, such as material deterioration in performance or a significant number of store closures, that would
indicate that impairment may exist. When evaluating goodwill for impairment, we may first perform a qualitative assessment to
determine whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit is impaired. If we do not perform a qualitative assessment, or
if we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, we
calculate the estimated fair value of the reporting unit. Fair value is the price a willing buyer would pay for the reporting unit
and is typically calculated using a discounted cash ﬂow model. For certain reporting units, where deemed appropriate, we may
also utilize a market approach for estimating fair value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair
value, an impairment charge is recorded to reduce the carrying value to the estimated fair value.
As part of our ongoing operations, we may close certain stores within a reporting unit containing goodwill due to
underperformance of the store or inability to renew our lease, among other reasons. We may abandon certain assets associated
with a closed store, including leasehold improvements and other non-transferable assets. When a portion of a reporting unit that
constitutes a business is to be disposed of, goodwill associated with the business is included in the carrying amount of the
business in determining any loss on disposal. Our evaluation of whether the portion of a reporting unit being disposed of
constitutes a business occurs on the date of abandonment. Although an operating store meets the accounting definition of a
business prior to abandonment, it does not constitute a business on the closure date because the remaining assets on that date do
not constitute an integrated set of assets that are capable of being managed for the purpose of providing a return to investors. As
a result, when closing individual stores, we do not include goodwill in the calculation of any loss on disposal of the related
assets. As noted above, if store closures are indicative of potential impairment of goodwill at the reporting unit level, we
perform an evaluation of our reporting unit goodwill when such closures occur. There were no material goodwill impairment
charges recorded during fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014.
Other Intangible Assets
Other intangible assets include finite-lived intangible assets, which mainly consist of acquired and reacquired rights, trade
secrets, licensing agreements, contract-based patents and copyrights. These assets are amortized over their estimated useful
lives and are tested for impairment using a similar methodology to our property, plant and equipment, as described above.
Indefinite-lived intangibles, which consist primarily of trade names and trademarks, are tested for impairment annually during
the third fiscal quarter, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate that impairment may
exist. When evaluating other intangible assets for impairment, we may first perform a qualitative assessment to determine
whether it is more likely than not that an intangible asset group is impaired. If we do not perform the qualitative assessment, or
if we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the intangible asset group exceeds its carrying amount,
we calculate the estimated fair value of the intangible asset group. Fair value is the price a willing buyer would pay for the
intangible asset group and is typically calculated using an income approach, such as a relief-from-royalty model. If the carrying
amount of the intangible asset group exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment charge is recorded to reduce the carrying
value to the estimated fair value. In addition, we continuously monitor and may revise our intangible asset useful lives if and
when facts and circumstances change.
There were no other intangible asset impairment charges recorded during fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014.
Insurance Reserves
We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance entity and
participation in a reinsurance treaty, to provide for the potential liabilities for certain risks, including workers’ compensation,
healthcare benefits, general liability, property insurance and director and officers’ liability insurance. Liabilities associated with
the risks that are retained by us are not discounted and are estimated, in part, by considering historical claims experience,
demographics, exposure and severity factors and other actuarial assumptions.
Revenue Recognition
Consolidated revenues are presented net of intercompany eliminations for wholly—owned subsidiaries and investees controlled
by us and for product sales to and royalty and other fees from licensees accounted for under the equity method. Additionally,
consolidated revenues are recognized net of any discounts, returns, allowances and sales incentives, including coupon
redemptions and rebates.
Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K 55