payments as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates. The difference between the US. dollar interest payments received
from the swap counterparty and the US. dollar equivalent of the Japanese yen interest payments, as recognized in interest
expense or interest income and other, net on our consolidated statements of earnings, is dependent on a number of market
factors, including relevant interest rate differentials and foreign exchange rates. These swaps have been designated as cash ﬂow
hedges and, based on the timing of the settlement of these intercompany loans, matured or will mature in September 2016 or
November 2024. There are no credit-risk-related contingent features associated with these swaps, although we may hold or post
collateral depending upon the gain or loss position of the swap agreements.
We also enter into forward contracts to hedge the foreign currency exposure of our net investment in certain foreign operations.
The effective portion of the derivative's gain or loss is recorded in AOCI and is subsequently reclassified to net earnings when
the hedged net investment is either sold or substantially liquidated.
To mitigate the foreign exchange risk of certain balance sheet items, we enter into foreign currency forward and swap contracts
that are not designated as hedging instruments. Gains and losses from these derivatives are largely offset by the financial
impact of translating foreign currency denominated payables and receivables; both are recorded in interest income and other,
net.
Commodities
Depending on market conditions, we may enter into coffee futures contracts and collars to hedge a portion of anticipated cash
ﬂows under our price-to-be-fixed green coffee contracts, which are described ﬁthher in Note 5, Inventories. The effective
portion of each derivative's gain or loss is recorded in AOCI and is subsequently reclassified to cost of sales including
occupancy costs when the hedged exposure affects net earnings.
To mitigate the price uncertainty of a portion of our future purchases, primarily of dairy products, diesel fuel and other
commodities, we enter into swap contracts, futures and collars that are not designated as hedging instruments. Gains and losses
from these derivatives are recorded in interest income and other, net and help offset price ﬂuctuations on our beverage, food,
packaging and transportation costs, which are included in cost of sales including occupancy costs on our consolidated
statements of earnings.
Gains and losses on derivative contracts designated as hedging instruments included in AOCI and expected to be reclassified
into earnings within 12 months, net of tax (in millions):
7 Rhi@::: ss 7 7 Losses 7 7 7
I mm_-_f;” l Expected (me ) ,xwgimm
l @132)» l l 63%?) I momma WEE—iv ﬂ
, @365 'm—s ,
[Cash Flow Hedges: J
Interest rates $ 20.5 $ 30.1 s 2.9 0
[ Cross-currency swaps (7.7) (27.8) r r 98 ]
Foreign currency — other (0.4) 290 3_ 3 35
[ Coffee (1.6) (5.7) (1.4) 6 ]
Net Investment Hedges:
[ Foreign currency 1.3 13 , , 0 l
64 Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K