Foodservice
Revenues from foodservice accounts comprised 3% of total net revenues in fiscal 2016. We sell Starbucks® and Seattle’s Best
Coffee® roasted whole bean and ground coffees, a selection of premium Tazo® teas, Starbucks VIA® Ready Brew, and other
coffee and tea-related products to institutional foodservice companies that service business and industry, education, healthcare,
office coffee distributors, hotels, restaurants, airlines and other retailers. We also sell our Seattle’s Best Coffee® through
arrangements with national accounts. The majority of the sales in this channel come through national broadline distribution
networks with SYSCO Corporation, US. Foodservice and other distributors.
Product Supply
Starbucks is committed to selling the finest whole bean coﬂees and coffee beverages. To ensure compliance with our rigorous
coffee standards, we control coffee purchasing, roasting and packaging and the global distribution of coﬁee used in our
operations. We purchase green coffee beans from multiple coffee-producing regions around the world and custom roast them to
our exacting standards for our many blends and single origin coffees.
The price of coffee is subject to significant volatility. Although most coffee trades in the commodity market, high—altitude
arabica coffee of the quality sought by Starbucks tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a premium above the "C" coffee
commodity price. Both the premium and the commodity price depend upon the supply and demand at the time of purchase.
Supply and price can be affected by multiple factors in the producing countries, including weather, natural disasters, crop
disease, general increase in farm inputs and costs of production, inventory levels and political and economic conditions. Price is
also impacted by trading activities in the arabica coffee futures market, including hedge funds and commodity index funds. In
addition, green coffee prices have been affected in the past, and may be affected in the future, by the actions of certain
organizations and associations that have historically attempted to inﬂuence prices of green coffee through agreements
establishing export quotas or by restricting coffee supplies.
We buy coffee using fixed-price and price-to—be-fixed purchase commitments, depending on market conditions, to secure an
adequate supply of quality green coffee. Price-to-be-fixed contracts are purchase commitments whereby the quality, quantity,
delivery period, and other negotiated terms are agreed upon, but the date, and therefore the price, at which the base "C" coffee
commodity price component will be fixed has not yet been established. For most contracts, either Starbucks or the seller has the
option to "fix" the base "C" coffee commodity price prior to the delivery date. For other contracts, Starbucks and the seller may
agree upon pricing parameters determined by the base "C" coffee commodity price. Until prices are fixed, we estimate the total
cost of these purchase commitments. Total green coffee purchase commitments as of October 2, 2016 were $1.1 billion,
comprised of $466 million under fixed-price contracts and an estimated $641 million under price-to-be-fixed contracts. As of
October 2, 2016, approximately $7 million of our price-to-be-fixed contracts were effectively fixed through the use of futures
contracts. All price-to-be-fixed contracts as of October 2, 2016 were at the Company’s option to fix the base "C" coffee
commodity price component. Total purchase commitments, together with existing inventory, are expected to provide an
adequate supply of green coffee through fiscal 2017.
We depend upon our relationships with coffee producers, outside trading companies and exporters for our supply of green
coffee. We believe, based on relationships established with our suppliers, the risk of non-delivery on such purchase
commitments is remote.
To help ensure the ﬁJture supply of high-quality green coffee and to reinforce our leadership role in the coffee industry,
Starbucks operates eight farmer support centers. The farmer support centers are staffed with agronomists and sustainability
experts who work with coffee farming communities to promote best practices in coffee production designed to improve both
coffee quality and yields.
In addition to coffee, we also purchase significant amounts of dairy products, particularly ﬂuid milk, to support the needs of our
company-operated stores. We believe, based on relationships established with our dairy suppliers, that the risk of non-delivery
of sufficient ﬂuid milk to support our stores is remote.
Products other than whole bean coffees and coffee beverages sold in Starbucks® stores include tea and a number of ready-to-
drink beverages that are purchased from several specialty suppliers, usually under long-term supply contracts. Food products,
such as La BoulangeTM pastries, breakfast sandwiches and lunch items, are purchased from national, regional and local sources.
Our food program continues to develop, and we expect the amount of food products purchased to impact our operations. We
also purchase a broad range of paper and plastic products, such as cups and cutlery, from several companies to support the
needs of our retail stores as well as our manufacturing and distribution operations. We believe, based on relationships
established with these suppliers and manufacturers, that the risk of non-delivery of sufficient amounts of these items is remote.
Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K 7