Company-operated Store Revenues
Company-operated store revenues are recognized when payment is tendered at the point of sale. Company-operated store
revenues are reported net of sales, use or other transaction taxes that are collected from customers and remitted to taxing
authorities.
Licensed Store Revenues
Licensed store revenues consist of product and equipment sales to licensees, as well as royalties and other fees paid by
licensees to use the Starbucks brand. Sales of coffee, tea, food and related products are generally recognized upon shipment to
licensees, depending on contract terms. Shipping charges billed to licensees are also recognized as revenue, and the related
shipping costs are included in cost of sales including occupancy costs on our consolidated statements of earnings.
Initial nonrefundable development fees for licensed stores are recognized upon substantial performance of services for new
market business development activities, such as initial business, real estate and store development planning, as well as
providing operational materials and functional training courses for opening new licensed retail markets. Additional store
licensing fees are recognized when new licensed stores are opened. Royalty revenues based upon a percentage of reported
sales, and other continuing fees, such as marketing and service fees, are recognized on a monthly basis when earned.
CPG, F oodservice and Other Revenues
CPG, foodservice and other revenues primarily include sales of packaged coffee and tea as well as a variety of ready-to-drink
beverages and single-serve coffee and tea products to grocery, warehouse clubs and specialty retail stores, sales to our national
foodservice accounts, and revenues from sales of products to and license fee revenues from manufacturers that produce and
market Starbucks-, Seattle’s Best Coffee- and Tazo-branded products through licensing agreements. Sales of coffee, tea, ready-
to-drink beverages and related products to grocery and warehouse club stores are generally recognized when received by the
customer or distributor, depending on contract terms. Revenues are recorded net of sales discounts given to customers for trade
promotions and other incentives and for sales return allowances, which are determined based on historical patterns.
Revenues from sales of products to manufacturers that produce and market Starbucks—, Seattle’s Best Coffee- and Tazo-branded
products through licensing agreements are generally recognized when the product is received by the manufacturer or
distributor. License fee revenues from manufacturers are based on a percentage of sales and are recognized on a monthly basis
when earned. National foodservice account revenues are recognized when the product is received by the customer or
distributor.
Sales to customers through CPG channels and national foodservice accounts, including sales to national distributors, are
recognized net of certain fees paid to the customer. We characterize these fees as a reduction of revenue unless we are able to
identify a sufficiently separable benefit from the customer's purchase of our products such that we could have entered into an
exchange transaction with a party other than the customer in order to receive such benefit, and we can reasonably estimate the
fair value of such benefit.
Stored Value Cards
Stored value cards, primarily Starbucks Cards, can be loaded at our company—operated and most licensed store locations, online
at StarbucksStore.com or via mobile devices held by our customers, and at certain other third party locations, such as grocery
stores. When an amount is loaded onto a stored value card at any of these locations, we recognize a corresponding liability for
the full amount loaded onto the card, which is recorded within stored value card liability on our consolidated balance sheets.
Stored value cards can be redeemed at company—operated and most licensed stores, as well as online. When a stored value card
is redeemed at a company-operated store or online, we recognize revenue by reducing the stored value card liability. When a
stored value card is redeemed at a licensed store location, we reduce the corresponding stored value card liability and cash,
which is reimbursed to the licensee.
There are no expiration dates on our stored value cards, and in most markets, we do not charge service fees that cause a
decrement to customer balances. While we will continue to honor all stored value cards presented for payment, management
may determine the likelihood of redemption, based on historical experience, is deemed to be remote for certain cards due to
long periods of inactivity. In these circumstances, if management also determines there is no requirement for remitting balances
to government agencies under unclaimed property laws, unredeemed card balances may then be recognized as breakage
income, which is included in interest income and other, net on our consolidated statements of earnings. In fiscal 2016, 2015,
and 2014, we recognized breakage income of $60.5 million, $39.3 million, and $38.3 million, respectively.
56 Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K