presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of adoption. We are currently evaluating the
overall impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements, as well as the expected timing and method of
adoption. Based on our preliminary assessment, we determined the adoption will change the timing of recognition and
classification of our stored value card breakage income, which is currently recognized using the remote method and recorded in
interest income and other, net. The new guidance will require application of the proportional method and classification within
total net revenues on our consolidated statements of earnings. Additionally, the new guidance requires enhanced disclosures,
including revenue recognition policies to identify performance obligations to customers and significant judgments in
measurement and recognition. We are continuing our assessment, which may identify other impacts.
Note 2: Acquisitions and Divestitures
Fiscal 201 6
During the third quarter of fiscal 2016, we sold our ownership interest in our Germany retail business to AmRest Holdings SE
for a total of $47.3 million. This transaction converted these company-operated stores to a ﬁJlly licensed market and resulted in
an insignificant pre-tax gain, which was included in interest income and other, net on our condensed consolidated statements of
earnings.
Fiscal 2015
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we sold our company-operated retail store assets and operations in Puerto Rico to
Baristas Del Caribe, LLC, converting these operations to a fully licensed market, for a total of $8.9 million. This transaction
resulted in an insignificant pre-tax gain, which was included in interest income and other, net on the consolidated statements of
earnings.
On September 23, 2014, we entered into a tender offer bid agreement with Starbucks Coffee Japan, Ltd. ("Starbucks J apan”), at
the time a 39.5% owned equity method investment, and our former joint venture partner, Sazaby League, Ltd. ("Sazaby"), to
acquire the remaining 60.5% ownership interest in Starbucks Japan for approximately $876 million, through a two—step tender
offer. On October 31, 2014, we acquired a controlling interest in Starbucks Japan by funding the first tender offer step with
$509 million in offshore cash. We assumed full ownership in the second quarter of fiscal 2015 by completing the second tender
offer step, and completed the related cash-out procedure during the remainder of fiscal 2015, which utilized a combined total of
$362 million in offshore cash. Acquiring Starbucks Japan ﬁthher leverages our existing infrastructure to continue disciplined
retail store growth and expand our presence into other channels in the Japan market, such as consumer packaged goods
("CPG"), licensing and foodservice.
Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K 61