SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
STARBUCKS CORPORATION
By: /s/ Howard Schultz
Howard Schultz
chairman and chief executive officer
November 18, 2016
POWER OF ATTORNEY
Know all persons by these presents, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Howard Schultz
and Scott Maw, and each of them, as such person’s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution
and resubstitution, for such person and in such person’s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all
amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and
authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to
all intents and purposes as such person might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-
fact and agents, or any of them or their or such person’s substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
thereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated as of November 18, 2016.
ﬁgnature Title
By: /s/ Howard Schultz chairman and chief executive officer
Howard Schultz 7
By: /s/ Scott Maw executive vice president, chief financial officer
: : (principal financial officer and principal accounting
SCOtt Maw Officer)
By: /s/ William W. Bradley director
William W. Bradley
By: i/s/ Mary N. Dillon 7 director
Mary N. Dillon
By: /s/ Robert M. Gates director
Robert M. Gates
By: i/s/ Mellody Hobson 7 director
Mellody Hobson
By: i/s/ Kevin R. Johnson 7 director
Kevin R. Johnson
92 Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K