REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Starbucks Corporation
Seattle, Washington
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Starbucks Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as
of October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income,
equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended October 2, 2016. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Starbucks
Corporation and subsidiaries as of October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash
ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended October 2, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of October 2, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal
Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
and our report dated November 18, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting.
/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP
Seattle, Washington
November 18, 2016
86 Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K