remaining change in fair value of the forward contract represents the ineffective portion, which is immediately recognized in
interest income and other, net on our consolidated statements of earnings.
Derivatives Not Designated As Hedging Instruments
We also enter into certain foreign currency forward contracts, commodity futures contracts, collars and swaps that are not
designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. The change in the fair value of these contracts is immediately
recognized in interest income and other, net on our consolidated statements of earnings.
Normal Purchase Normal Sale
We enter into fixed-price and price-to-be-fixed green coffee purchase commitments, which are described further at Note 5,
Inventories. For both fixed-price and price-to-be-fixed purchase commitments, we expect to take delivery of and to utilize the
coffee in a reasonable period of time and in the conduct of normal business. Accordingly, these purchase commitments qualify
as normal purchases and are not recorded at fair value on our balance sheets.
Refer to Note 3, Derivative Financial Instruments, and Note 5, Inventories, for ﬁthher discussion of our derivative instruments
and green coffee purchase commitments.
Receivables, net of Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
Our receivables are mainly comprised of receivables for product and equipment sales to and royalties from our licensees, as
well as receivables from our CPG and foodservice business customers. Our allowance for doubtful accounts is calculated based
on historical experience, customer credit risk and application of the specific identification method. As of October 2, 2016 and
September 27, 2015, our allowance for doubtful accounts was $9.4 million and $10.8 million, respectively.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (primarily moving average cost) or market. We record inventory reserves for obsolete
and slow-moving inventory and for estimated shrinkage between physical inventory counts. Inventory reserves are based on
inventory obsolescence trends, historical experience and application of the specific identification method. As of October 2,
2016 and September 27, 2015, inventory reserves were $39.6 million and $33.8 million, respectively.
Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant and equipment, which includes assets under capital leases, are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation.
Cost includes all direct costs necessary to acquire and prepare assets for use, including internal labor and overhead in some
cases. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of the assets, generally ranging from
2 to 15 years for equipment and 30 to 40 years for buildings. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of their
estimated useful lives or the related lease life, generally 10 years. For leases with renewal periods at our option, we generally
use the original lease term, excluding renewal option periods, to determine estimated useﬁll lives. If failure to exercise a
renewal option imposes an economic penalty to us, we may determine at the inception of the lease that renewal is reasonably
assured and include the renewal option period in the determination of the appropriate estimated useful lives.
The portion of depreciation expense related to production and distribution facilities is included in cost of sales including
occupancy costs on our consolidated statements of earnings. The costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed when incurred,
while expenditures for refurbishments and improvements that significantly add to the productive capacity or extend the useful
life of an asset are capitalized. When assets are disposed of, whether through retirement or sale, the net gain or loss is
recognized in net earnings. Long-lived assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value
less estimated costs to sell.
We evaluate property, plant and equipment for impairment when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of
such assets may not be recoverable. When evaluating for impairment, we first compare the carrying value of the asset to the
asset’s estimated ﬁJture undiscounted cash ﬂows. If the estimated undiscounted future cash ﬂows are less than the carrying
value of the asset, we determine if we have an impairment loss by comparing the carrying value of the asset to the asset's
estimated fair value and recognize an impairment charge when the asset’s carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. The
fair value of the asset is estimated using a discounted cash ﬂow model based on forecasted future revenues and operating costs,
using internal projections. Property, plant and equipment assets are grouped at the lowest level for which identifiable cash ﬂows
are largely independent of the cash ﬂows of other assets and liabilities. For company-operated store assets, the impairment test
is performed at the individual store asset group level.
We recognized net disposition charges of $25.1 million, $12.5 million, and $14.7 million and net impairment charges of $24.1
million, $25.8 million, and $19.0 million in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. The nature of the underlying asset that is
impaired or disposed of will determine the operating expense line on which the related impact is recorded on our consolidated
54 Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K