Assets and liabilities recognized or disclosed at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include items such as property, plant and
equipment, goodwill and other intangible assets, equity and cost method investments and other assets. We determine the fair
value of these items using Level 3 inputs, as described in the related sections below.
Derivative Instruments
We manage our exposure to various risks within our consolidated financial statements according to a market price risk
management policy. Under this policy, we may engage in transactions involving various derivative instruments to hedge
interest rates, commodity prices and foreign currency denominated revenue streams, inventory purchases, assets and liabilities
and investments in certain foreign operations. In order to manage our exposure to these risks, we use various types of derivative
instruments including forward contracts, commodity futures contracts, collars and swaps. Forward contracts and commodity
futures contracts are agreements to buy or sell a quantity of a currency or commodity at a predetermined future date and at a
predetermined rate or price. A collar is a strategy that uses a combination of a purchased call option and a sold put option with
equal premiums to hedge a portion of anticipated cash ﬂows, or to limit the range of possible gains or losses on an underlying
asset or liability to a specific range. A swap agreement is a contract between two parties to exchange cash ﬂows based on
specified underlying notional amounts, assets and/or indices. We do not enter into derivative instruments for speculative
purposes.
We record all derivatives on our consolidated balance sheets at fair value. We generally do not offset derivative assets and
liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets or enter into derivative instruments with maturities longer than three years.
However, we are allowed to net settle transactions with respective counterparties for certain derivative contracts, inclusive of
interest rate swaps and foreign currency forwards, with a single, net amount payable by one party to the other. We also enter
into collateral security arrangements that provide for collateral to be received or posted when the net fair value of certain
financial instruments ﬂuctuates from contractually established thresholds. As of October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, we
posted and received $19.5 million and $2.6 million, respectively, of cash collateral related to the derivative instruments under
collateral security arrangements. As of October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, the potential effects of netting arrangements
with our derivative contracts, excluding the effects of collateral, would be a reduction to both derivative assets and liabilities of
$9.4 million and $12.5 million, respectively, resulting in a net derivative asset of $24.7 million and net derivative liabilities of
$80.2 million as of October 2, 2016, and net derivative assets of $93.0 million and net derivative liabilities of $21.2 million as
of September 27, 2015.
By using these derivative instruments, we expose ourselves to potential credit risk. Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty
to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. We minimize this credit risk by entering into transactions with careﬁally
selected, credit-worthy counterparties and distribute contracts among several financial institutions to reduce the concentration
of credit risk.
Cash F low Hedges
For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as a cash ﬂow hedge, the effective portion of the derivative's gain or
loss is reported as a component of other comprehensive income ("OCI") and recorded in accumulated other comprehensive
income ("AOCI") on our consolidated balance sheets. The gain or loss is subsequently reclassified into net earnings when the
hedged exposure affects net earnings.
To the extent that the change in the fair value of the contract corresponds to the change in the value of the anticipated
transaction using forward rates on a monthly basis, the hedge is considered effective and is recognized as described above. The
remaining change in fair value of the contract represents the ineffective portion, which is immediately recorded in interest
income and other, net on our consolidated statements of earnings.
Cash ﬂow hedges related to anticipated transactions are designated and documented at the inception of each hedge by matching
the terms of the contract to the underlying transaction. Cash ﬂows from hedging transactions are classified in the same
categories as the cash ﬂows from the respective hedged items. Once established, cash ﬂow hedges generally remain designated
as such until the hedge item impacts net earnings, or the anticipated transaction is no longer likely to occur. For de—designated
cash ﬂow hedges or for transactions that are no longer likely to occur, the related accumulated derivative gains or losses are
recognized in interest income and other, net or interest expense on our consolidated statements of earnings based on the nature
of the underlying transaction.
Net Investment Hedges
For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as a net investment hedge, the effective portion of the derivative's
gain or loss is reported as a component of OCI and recorded in AOCI. The gain or loss will be subsequently reclassified into net
earnings when the hedged net investment is either sold or substantially liquidated.
To the extent that the change in the fair value of the forward contract corresponds to the change in value of the anticipated
transactions using spot rates on a monthly basis, the hedge is considered effective and is recognized as described above. The
Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K 53