FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
Market risk is defined as the risk of losses due to changes in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, equity
security prices and interest rates. We manage our exposure to various market-based risks according to a market price risk
management policy. Under this policy, market-based risks are quantified and evaluated for potential mitigation strategies, such
as entering into hedging transactions. The market price risk management policy governs how hedging instruments may be used
to mitigate risk. Risk limits are set annually and prohibit speculative trading activity. We also monitor and limit the amount of
associated counterparty credit risk, which we consider to be low. In general, hedging instruments do not have maturities in
excess of three years. Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 3, Derivative Financial
Instruments, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K for further discussion of our
hedging instruments.
The sensitivity analyses disclosed below provide only a limited, point-in-time View of the market risk of the financial
instruments discussed. The actual impact of the respective underlying rates and price changes on the financial instruments may
differ significantly from those shown in the sensitivity analyses.
Commodity Price Risk
We purchase commodity inputs, primarily coffee, dairy products, diesel and other commodities, that are used in our operations
and are subject to price ﬂuctuations that impact our financial results. We use a combination of pricing features embedded
within supply contracts, such as fixed-price and price-to-be-fixed contracts for coffee purchases, and financial derivatives to
manage our commodity price risk exposure.
The following table summarizes the potential impact as of October 2, 2016 to Starbucks future net earnings and other
comprehensive income ("OCI") from changes in commodity prices. The information provided below relates only to the
hedging instruments and does not represent the corresponding changes in the underlying hedged items (in millions):
[ @MEamtﬁga ] [ (to ]
man man man may
[Commodity hedges $ 12 $ (12) $ 1 s (1)}
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
The majority of our revenue, expense and capital purchasing activities are transacted in US. dollars. However, because a
portion of our operations consists of activities outside of the US, we have transactions in other currencies, primarily the
Canadian dollar, Japanese yen, Chinese renminbi, British pound, South Korean won and euro. To reduce cash ﬂow volatility
from foreign currency ﬂuctuations, we enter into derivative instruments to hedge portions of cash ﬂows of anticipated
intercompany royalty payments, inventory purchases, intercompany borrowing and lending activities and certain other
transactions in currencies other than the functional currency of the entity that enters into the arrangements, as well as the
translation risk of certain balance sheet items. See Note 3, Derivative Financial Instruments, to the consolidated financial
statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K for further discussion.
The following table summarizes the potential impact as of October 2, 2016 to Starbucks future net earnings and other
comprehensive income from changes in the fair value of these derivative financial instruments due to a change in the value of
the US. dollar as compared to foreign exchange rates. The information provided below relates only to the hedging instruments
and does not represent the corresponding changes in the underlying hedged items (in millions):
[ )mmmﬂamtﬁga ] [ (to ]
man man man may
[Foreign currency hedges $ 9 $ (9) $ 126 $ (126)]
Equity Security Price Risk
We have minimal exposure to price ﬂuctuations on equity mutual funds and equity exchange-traded ﬂJnds within our trading
securities portfolio. Trading securities are recorded at fair value with unrealized holding gains and losses recorded in interest
income and other, net in the consolidated statements of earnings. Our trading securities portfolio approximates a portion of our
liability under our Management Deferred Compensation Plan ("MDCP"), which is included in accrued compensation and
related costs, within accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Changes in our MDCP liability are recorded in
general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings.
40 Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K