Loyalty Program
In the US. and Canada, effective April 2016, we modified our transaction-based loyalty program, My Starbucks Rewards® to a
spend-based program, Starbucks RewardsTM. For fiscal 2016, the existing transaction-based programs remain unchanged for
other markets. Customers in the US, Canada, and certain other countries who register their Starbucks Card are automatically
enrolled in the program. They earn loyalty points ("Stars") with each purchase at participating Starbucks®, Teavana®, and
Evolution Fresh® stores, as well as on certain packaged coffee products purchased in select Starbucks® stores, online, and
through CPG channels. After accumulating a certain number of Stars, the customer earns a reward that can be redeemed for
free product that, regardless of where the related Stars were earned within that country, will be honored at company-operated
stores and certain participating licensed store locations in that same country.
Regardless of whether it is a spend or transaction-based program, we defer revenue associated with the estimated selling price
of Stars earned by our program members towards free product as each Star is earned, and a corresponding liability is
established within stored value card liability on our consolidated balance sheets. The estimated selling price of each Star earned
is based on the estimated value of the product for which the reward is expected to be redeemed, net of Stars we do not expect to
be redeemed, based on historical redemption patterns. Stars generally expire if inactive for a period of six months.
When a customer redeems an earned reward, we recognize revenue for the redeemed product and reduce the related loyalty
program liability.
Marketing & Advertising
Our annual marketing expenses include many components, one of which is advertising costs. We expense most advertising
costs as they are incurred, except for certain production costs that are expensed the first time the advertising takes place.
Marketing expenses totaled $378.7 million, $351.5 million and $315.5 million in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.
Included in these costs were advertising expenses, which totaled $248.6 million, $227.9 million and $198.9 million in fiscal
2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.
Store Preopening Expenses
Costs incurred in connection with the start-up and promotion of new store openings are expensed as incurred.
Leases
Operating Leases
We lease retail stores, roasting, distribution and warehouse facilities and office space for corporate administrative purposes
under operating leases. Most lease agreements contain tenant improvement allowances, rent holidays, lease premiums, rent
escalation clauses and/or contingent rent provisions. We recognize amortization of lease incentives, premiums and minimum
rent expenses on a straight-line basis beginning on the date of initial possession, which is generally when we enter the space
and begin to make improvements in preparation for intended use.
For tenant improvement allowances and rent holidays, we record a deferred rent liability within accrued liabilities, or other
long-term liabilities, on our consolidated balance sheets and amortize the deferred rent over the terms of the leases as
reductions to rent expense in cost of sales including occupancy costs on our consolidated statements of earnings.
For premiums paid upfront to enter a lease agreement, we record a prepaid rent asset in prepaid expenses and other non-current
assets on our consolidated balance sheets and amortize the deferred rent over the terms of the leases as additional rent expense
in cost of sales including occupancy costs on our consolidated statements of earnings.
For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of
initial possession, we record minimum rent expense on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases in cost of sales
including occupancy costs on our consolidated statements of earnings, with the adjustments to cash rent accrued as deferred
rent in our consolidated balance sheets.
Certain leases provide for contingent rent, which is determined as a percentage of gross sales in excess of specified levels. We
record a contingent rent liability in accrued occupancy costs within accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets and
the corresponding rent expense when we determine that achieving the specified levels during the fiscal year is probable.
When ceasing operations of company-operated stores under operating leases, in cases where the lease contract specifies a
termination fee due to the landlord, we record such expense at the time written notice is given to the landlord. In cases where
terms, including termination fees, are yet to be negotiated with the landlord, we will record the expense upon signing of an
agreement with the landlord. In cases where the landlord does not allow us to prematurely exit the lease, we recognize an
Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K 57