strategic initiatives, some of which involve ongoing expansion in business channels outside of our traditional company-
operated store model. Our success also depends substantially on the contributions and abilities of our retail store employees
whom we rely on to give customers a superior in—store experience and elevate our brand. Accordingly, our performance
depends on our ability to recruit and retain high quality employees to work in and manage our stores, both domestically and
internationally. If we are unable to recruit, retain and motivate employees sufficiently to maintain our current business and
support our projected growth, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected.
- Failure to comply with applicable laws and changing legal and regulatory requirements could harm our business and
financial results.
Our policies and procedures are designed to comply with all applicable laws, accounting and reporting requirements, tax rules
and other regulations and requirements, including those imposed by the SEC, NASDAQ, and foreign countries, as well as
applicable trade, labor, healthcare, privacy, food and beverage, labeling, anti-bribery and corruption and merchandise laws. The
complexity of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the related cost of compliance are both increasing due to
additional or changing legal and regulatory requirements, our ongoing expansion into new markets and new channels, and the
fact that foreign laws occasionally conﬂict with domestic laws. In addition to potential damage to our reputation and brand,
failure by us or our business partners to comply with the various laws and regulations, as well as changes in laws and
regulations or the manner in which they are interpreted or applied, may result in litigation, civil and criminal liability, damages,
fines and penalties, increased cost of regulatory compliance and restatements of our financial statements.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staﬂ Comments
None.
Item 2. Properties
The significant properties used by Starbucks in connection with its roasting, manufacturing, warehousing, distribution and
corporate administrative operations, serving all segments, are as follows:
, r 4%?)363698333 r r 7
Location I mm l I Emma l
[Rancho Cucamonga, CA 265,000 Manufacturing 1
Stratford, CT 196,000 Warehouse and distribution
[Augusta, GA 131,000 Manufacturing ]
Minden, NV (Carson Valley) 360,000 Roasting and distribution
[York, PA 2,098,000 Roasting, distribution and warehouse ]
Gaston, SC (Sandy Run) 117,000 Roasting and distribution
[Lebanon, TN 680,000 Warehouse and distribution ]
Auburn, WA 491,000 Warehouse and distribution
[Kent, WA 510,000 Roasting and distribution ]
Seattle, WA 1,135,000 Corporate administrative
[Shanghai, China 116,000 Corporate administrative ]
Amsterdam, Netherlands 97,000 Roasting and distribution
[Samutprakarn, Thailand 81,000 Warehouse and distribution ]
We own most of our roasting facilities and lease the majority of our warehousing and distribution locations. As of October 2,
2016, Starbucks had 12,711 company—operated stores, almost all of which are leased. We also lease space in various locations
worldwide for regional, district and other administrative offices, training facilities and storage. In addition to the locations listed
above, we hold inventory at various locations managed by third-party warehouses.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
See Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this
10-K for information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
16 Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K