Property, Plant and Equipment and Other Finite-Lived Assets
We evaluate property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived assets for impairment when facts and circumstances indicate
that the carrying values of such assets may not be recoverable. When evaluating for impairment, we first compare the carrying
value of the asset to the asset’s estimated future undiscounted cash ﬂows. If the estimated undiscounted ﬁJture cash ﬂows are
less than the carrying value of the asset, we determine if we have an impairment loss by comparing the carrying value of the
asset to the asset's estimated fair value and recognize an impairment charge when the asset’s carrying value exceeds its
estimated fair value. The adjusted carrying amount of the asset becomes its new cost basis and is depreciated over the asset's
remaining useﬁdl life.
Long-lived assets are grouped with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash ﬂows are largely
independent of the cash ﬂows of other assets and liabilities. For company-operated store assets, the impairment test is
performed at the individual store asset group level. The fair value of a store’s assets is estimated using a discounted cash ﬂow
model. For other long-lived assets, fair value is determined using an approach that is appropriate based on the relevant facts and
circumstances, which may include discounted cash ﬂows, comparable transactions, or comparable company analyses.
Our impairment calculations contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply
judgment to estimate ﬁJture cash ﬂows and asset fair values. Key assumptions used in estimating ﬁJture cash ﬂows and asset
fair values include projected revenue growth and operating expenses, as well as forecasting asset useﬁJl lives and selecting an
appropriate discount rate. For company—operated stores, estimates of revenue growth and operating expenses are based on
internal projections and consider the store’s historical performance, the local market economics and the business environment
impacting the store’s performance. The discount rate is selected based on what we believe a buyer would assume when
determining a purchase price for the store. These estimates are subjective and our ability to realize future cash ﬂows and asset
fair values is affected by factors such as ongoing maintenance and improvement of the assets, changes in economic conditions,
and changes in operating performance.
During fiscal 2016, there were no significant changes in any of our estimates or assumptions that had a material impact on the
outcome of our impairment calculations. However, as we periodically reassess estimated future cash ﬂows and asset fair values,
changes in our estimates and assumptions may cause us to realize material impairment charges in the future.
Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets
We evaluate goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually during our third fiscal quarter, or more
frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate that impairment may exist. When evaluating these
assets for impairment, we may first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that a
reporting unit or intangible asset group is impaired. If we do not perform a qualitative assessment, or if we determine that it is
not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit or intangible asset group exceeds its carrying amount, we
calculate the estimated fair value of the reporting unit using discounted cash ﬂows.
When assessing goodwill for impairment, our decision to perform a qualitative impairment assessment for an individual
reporting unit in a given year is inﬂuenced by a number of factors, inclusive of the size of the reporting unit's goodwill, the
significance of the excess of the reporting unit's estimated fair value over carrying value at the last quantitative assessment date,
the amount of time in between quantitative fair value assessments and the date of acquisition. If we perform a quantitative
assessment of an individual reporting unit’s goodwill, our impairment calculations contain uncertainties because they require
management to make assumptions and to apply judgment when estimating future cash ﬂows and asset fair values, including
projected revenue growth and operating expenses related to existing businesses, product innovation and new store concepts, as
well as selecting an appropriate discount rate. Estimates of revenue growth and operating expenses are based on internal
projections considering the reporting unit’s past performance and forecasted growth, strategic initiatives, local market
economics and the local business environment impacting the reporting unit’s performance. The discount rate is selected based
on the estimated cost of capital for a market participant to operate the reporting unit in the region. These estimates are highly
subjective, and our ability to realize the ﬁJture cash ﬂows used in our fair value calculations is affected by factors such as the
success of strategic initiatives, changes in economic conditions, changes in our operating performance and changes in our
business strategies, including retail initiatives and international expansion.
When assessing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, where we perform a qualitative assessment, we evaluate if
changes in events or circumstances have occurred that indicate that impairment may exist. If we do not perform a qualitative
impairment assessment or if changes in events and circumstances indicate that a quantitative assessment should be performed,
management is required to calculate the fair value of the intangible asset group. The fair value calculation includes estimates of
revenue growth, which are based on past performance and internal projections for the intangible asset group's forecasted
growth, and royalty rates, which are adjusted for our particular facts and circumstances. The discount rate is selected based on
the estimated cost of capital that reﬂects the risk profile of the related business. These estimates are highly subjective, and our
ability to achieve the forecasted cash ﬂows used in our fair value calculations is aﬁected by factors such as the success of
42 Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K