Investments
Available-for-sale Securities
Our short-term and long-term investments consist primarily of investment— grade debt securities, all of which are classified as
available-for—sale. Available-for—sale securities are recorded at fair value, and unrealized holding gains and losses are recorded,
net of tax, as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. Available-for—sale securities with remaining maturities
of less than one year and those identified by management at the time of purchase to be used to fund operations within one year
are classified as short-term. All other available-for—sale securities are classified as long-term. We evaluate our available-for—sale
securities for other than temporary impairment on a quarterly basis. Unrealized losses are charged against net earnings when a
decline in fair value is determined to be other than temporary. We review several factors to determine whether a loss is other
than temporary, such as the length and extent of the fair value decline, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the
issuer and whether we have the intent to sell or will more likely than not be required to sell before the securities' anticipated
recovery, which may be at maturity. Realized gains and losses are accounted for using the specific identification method.
Purchases and sales are recorded on a trade date basis.
Trading Securities
We also have a trading securities portfolio, which is comprised of marketable equity mutual funds and equity exchange-traded
funds. Trading securities are recorded at fair value with unrealized holding gains and losses recorded in interest income and
other, net on our consolidated statements of earnings. Our trading securities portfolio approximates a portion of our liability
under our Management Deferred Compensation Plan ("MDCP"), which is included in accrued compensation and related costs,
within accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Changes in our MDCP liability are recorded in general and
administrative expenses on our consolidated statements of earnings.
Equity and Cost Method Investments
Equity investments are accounted for using the equity method of accounting if the investment gives us the ability to exercise
significant inﬂuence, but not control, over an investee. Equity method investments are included within long-term investments
on our consolidated balance sheets. Our share of the earnings or losses as reported by equity method investees are classified as
income from equity investees on our consolidated statements of earnings.
Equity investments for which we do not have the ability to exercise significant inﬂuence are accounted for using the cost
method of accounting and are recorded in long-term investments on our consolidated balance sheets. Under the cost method,
investments are carried at cost and are adjusted only for other-than—temporary declines in fair value, certain distributions and
additional investments.
We evaluate our equity and cost method investments for impairment annually and when facts and circumstances indicate that
the carrying value of such investments may not be recoverable. We review several factors to determine whether the loss is other
than temporary, such as the length and extent of the fair value decline, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the
investee, and whether we have the intent to sell or will more likely than not be required to sell before the investment’s
anticipated recovery. If a decline in fair value is determined to be other than temporary, an impairment charge is recorded in net
earnings.
Fair Value
Fair value is the price we would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability (exit price) in an orderly transaction
between market participants. For assets and liabilities recorded or disclosed at fair value on a recurring basis, we determine fair
value based on the following:
Level 1: The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value because of the short-term nature of these
instruments. For trading and US. government treasury securities and commodity futures contracts, we use quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets to determine fair value.
Level 2: When quoted prices in active markets for identical assets are not available, we determine the fair value of our
available-for—sale securities and our over-the-counter forward contracts, collars and swaps based upon factors such as the
quoted market price of similar assets or a discounted cash ﬂow model using readily observable market data, which may include
interest rate curves and forward and spot prices for currencies and commodities, depending on the nature of the investment. The
fair value of our long-term debt is estimated based on the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues or on the current
rates offered to us for debt of the same remaining maturities.
Level 3: We determine the fair value of our auction rate securities using an internally—developed valuation model, using inputs
that include interest rate curves, credit and liquidity spreads and effective maturity.
52 Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K