CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to
historical or current facts. They often include words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," "intends," "plans,"
"seeks" or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs, such as "will," "should," "could," "may," "aims," "intends,"
or "projects." A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those
ﬁJture events or circumstances may not occur. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These forward-looking statements are all based on currently available
operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results and
trends may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties
discussed under "Risk Factors” and "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations". Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not rely on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual
results. Any or all of the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any other public
statement made by us, including by our management, may turn out to be incorrect. We are including this cautionary note to
make applicable and take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for
forward-looking statements. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K 1