evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and
results of recent operations. If we determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of
their net recorded amount, we would make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which would reduce the
provision for income taxes.
In addition, our income tax returns are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. These audits include review
of our tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions taken and the allocation of income between tax
jurisdictions. We evaluate our exposures associated with our various tax filing positions and recognize a tax benefit from an
uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the relevant
taxing authorities, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of our
position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit
that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. For uncertain tax positions that do not meet
this threshold, we record a related liability. We adjust our unrecognized tax benefit liability and income tax expense in the
period in which the uncertain tax position is effectively settled, the statute of limitations expires for the relevant taxing
authority to examine the tax position or when new information becomes available.
Starbucks recognizes interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense on our consolidated statements
of earnings. Accrued interest and penalties are included within the related tax liability on our consolidated balance sheets.
Stock Split
On April 9, 2015, we effected a two-for-one stock split of our $0.001 par value common stock for shareholders of record as of
March 30, 2015. All share and per-share data in our consolidated financial statements and notes has been retroactively adjusted
to reﬂect this stock split. We adjusted shareholders' equity to reﬂect the stock split by reclassifying an amount equal to the par
value of the additional shares arising from the split from retained earnings to common stock during the second quarter of fiscal
2015, resulting in no net impact to shareholders' equity on our consolidated balance sheets.
Earnings per Share
Basic earnings per share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the
period. Diluted earnings per share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock and the
effect of dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period, calculated using the treasury stock method. Dilutive
potential common shares include outstanding stock options and RSUs. Performance-based RSUs are considered dilutive when
the related performance criterion has been met.
Common Stock Share Repurchases
We may repurchase shares of Starbucks common stock under a program authorized by our Board of Directors, including
pursuant to a contract, instruction or written plan meeting the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c)(l) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. Under applicable Washington State law, shares repurchased are retired and not displayed separately as treasury stock
on the financial statements. Instead, the par value of repurchased shares is deducted from common stock and the excess
repurchase price over par value is deducted from additional paid-in capital and from retained earnings, once additional paid-in
capital is depleted.
RecentAccounting Pronouncements
In October 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued guidance on the accounting for income tax effects
of intercompany sales or transfers of assets other than inventory. The guidance requires entities to recognize the income tax
impact of an intra—entity sale or transfer of an asset other than inventory when the sale or transfer occurs, rather than when the
assets has been sold to an outside party. The guidance will require a modified retrospective application with a cumulative
catch-up adjustment to opening retained earnings at the beginning of our first quarter of fiscal 2019 but permits adoption in an
earlier period. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and the
timing of adoption.
In June 2016, the FASB issued guidance on the measurement and recognition of credit losses on most financial assets. For trade
receivables, loans, and held-to-maturity debt securities, the current probable loss recognition methodology is being replaced by
an expected credit loss model. For available-for—sale debt securities, the recognition model on credit losses is generally
unchanged, except the losses will be presented as an adjustable allowance. The guidance will be applied retrospectively with
the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of adoption. The guidance will become effective at the beginning of our first
quarter of fiscal 2021 but can be adopted as early as the beginning of our first quarter of fiscal 2020. We are currently
evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and the timing of adoption.
Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K 59