In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance related to stock-based compensation, which changes the accounting and
classification of excess tax benefits and minimum tax withholdings on share-based awards. The guidance becomes effective on
a prospective basis at the beginning of our first quarter of fiscal 2018 but permits adoption in an earlier period. We are currently
evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and the timing of adoption.
In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance for financial liabilities resulting from selling prepaid stored value products that are
redeemable at third-party merchants. Under the new guidance, expected breakage amounts associated with these products must
be recognized proportionately in earnings as redemption occurs. Our current accounting policy of applying the remote method
to all of our stored value cards, including cards redeemable at the third-party licensed locations, will no longer be allowed. The
guidance will become effective at the beginning of our first quarter of fiscal 2019, with the option to adopt in an earlier period.
As the guidance and timing of transition are consistent with the new revenue recognition standard issued by the FASB in May
2014 and discussed below, we expect to implement the provisions of both sets of guidance in the same period.
In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance on the recognition and measurement of leases. Under the new guidance, lessees
are required to recognize a lease liability, which represents the discounted obligation to make ﬁJture minimum lease payments,
and a corresponding right-of—use asset on the balance sheet for most leases. The guidance retains the current accounting for
lessors and does not make significant changes to the recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash ﬂows by
a lessee. Enhanced disclosures will also be required to give financial statement users the ability to assess the amount, timing
and uncertainty of cash ﬂows arising from leases. The guidance will require modified retrospective application at the beginning
of our first quarter of fiscal 2020, with optional practical expedients, but permits adoption in an earlier period. We are currently
evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. We expect this adoption will result in a
material increase in the assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets and will likely have an insignificant impact on
our consolidated statements of earnings.
In January 2016, the FASB issued guidance on the recognition and measurement of financial instruments. This guidance retains
the current accounting for classifying and measuring investments in debt securities and loans, but requires equity investments
to be measured at fair value with subsequent changes recognized in net income, except for those accounted for under the equity
method or requiring consolidation. The guidance also changes the accounting for investments without a readily determinable
fair value and that do not qualify for the practical expedient to estimate fair value. A policy election can be made for these
investments whereby estimated fair value may be measured at cost and adjusted in subsequent periods for any impairment or
changes in observable prices of identical or similar investments. The new guidance will result in a cumulative effect adjustment
recognized in our balance sheet and will become effective for us at the beginning of our first quarter of fiscal 2019. We are
currently evaluating the impact of this guidance.
In November 2015, the FASB issued guidance on the presentation of deferred income taxes that requires deferred tax assets and
liabilities, along with related valuation allowances, to be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. As a result, each tax
jurisdiction will now only have one net noncurrent deferred tax asset or liability. The new guidance does not change the
existing requirement that prohibits offsetting deferred tax liabilities from one jurisdiction against deferred tax assets of another
jurisdiction. During the first quarter of fiscal 2016, we elected to early-adopt this guidance retrospectively. The following table
summarizes the adjustments made to conform prior period classifications to the new guidance (in millions):
[ Wmaw 1
[mm H [Mammal
[Current deferred income tax assets 8 381.7 7 7$ (381.7) 8 r r [
Long-term deferred income tax assets 828.9 351.9 1,180.8
[Current deferred income tax liabilities (included in Accrued liabilities) 5.4 (5.4) r r [
Long-term deferred income tax liabilities (included in Other long-term
liabilities) 67.8 (24.4) 43.4
[Net deferred tax asset 7$ 1,137.47 7$ 7 6 7$ 1,137.4 [
In July 2015 , the FASB issued guidance on the subsequent measurement of inventory, which changes the measurement from
lower of cost or market to lower of cost or net realizable value. The guidance will require prospective application at the
beginning of our first quarter of fiscal 2018. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our
financial statements.
In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance outlining a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue
arising from contracts with customers that supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance. This guidance requires an
entity to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reﬂects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The original effective date of
the guidance would have required us to adopt at the beginning of our first quarter of fiscal 2018; however, the FASB approved
an optional one-year deferral of the effective date. The new guidance may be applied retrospectively to each prior period
60 Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K