weather, natural disasters, crop disease, general increase in farm inputs and costs of production, inventory levels and political
and economic conditions, as well as the actions of certain organizations and associations that have historically attempted to
inﬂuence prices of green coffee through agreements establishing export quotas or by restricting coffee supplies. Speculative
trading in coffee commodities can also inﬂuence coffee prices. Because of the significance of coffee beans to our operations,
combined with our ability to only partially mitigate future price risk through purchasing practices and hedging activities,
increases in the cost of high-quality arabica coffee beans could have an adverse impact on our profitability. In addition, if we
are not able to purchase sufficient quantities of green coffee due to any of the above factors or to a worldwide or regional
shortage, we may not be able to ﬁllﬁll the demand for our coffee, which could have an adverse impact on our profitability.
We also purchase significant amounts of dairy products, particularly ﬂuid milk, to support the needs of our company-operated
retail stores. Additionally, and although less significant to our operations than coffee or dairy, other commodities, including but
not limited to tea and those related to food and beverage inputs, such as cocoa, produce, baking ingredients, meats, eggs and
energy, as well as the processing of these inputs, are important to our operations. Increases in the cost of dairy products and
other commodities, or lack of availability, whether due to supply shortages, delays or interruptions in processing, or otherwise,
especially in international markets, could have an adverse impact on our profitability.
- Our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations are sensitive to, and may be adversely aﬂected by, a number of factors,
many of which are largely outside our control
Our operating results have been in the past and will continue to be subject to a number of factors, many of which are largely
outside our control. Any one or more of the factors listed below or described elsewhere in this risk factors section could
adversely impact our business, financial condition and/ or results of operations:
- increases in real estate costs in certain domestic and international markets;
0 adverse outcomes of litigation; and
0 especially in our larger or fast growing markets, labor discord, war, terrorism (including incidents targeting us),
political instability, boycotts, social unrest, and natural disasters, including health pandemics that lead to avoidance of
public places or restrictions on public gatherings such as in our stores.
- Interruption of our supply chain could aﬂect our ability to produce or deliver our products and could negatively impact
our business and proﬁtability.
Any material interruption in our supply chain, such as material interruption of roasted coﬂee supply due to the casualty loss of
any of our roasting plants, interruptions in service by our third party logistic service providers or common carriers that ship
goods within our distribution channels, trade restrictions, such as increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes or customs restrictions,
or natural disasters that cause a material disruption in our supply chain could negatively impact our business and our
profitability.
Additionally, our food, beverage and other products are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international business
partners in our supply chain operations, and in certain cases are produced or sourced by our licensees directly. We rely on these
suppliers and vendors to provide high quality products and to comply with applicable laws. Our ability to find qualified
suppliers and vendors who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and eﬂicient manner is a significant challenge,
especially with respect to goods sourced from outside the U.S., especially countries or regions with diminished infrastructure,
developing or failing economies or experiencing political instability or social unrest. For certain products, we may rely on one
or very few suppliers or vendors. A vendor's or supplier's failure to meet our standards, provide products in a timely and
efficient manner, or comply with applicable laws is beyond our control. These issues, especially for those products for which
we rely on one or few suppliers or vendors, could negatively impact our business and profitability.
- Failure to meet market expectations for our ﬁnancial performance and ﬂuctuations in the stock market as a whole will
likely adversely aﬂect the market price and volatility of our stock.
Failure to meet market expectations going forward, particularly with respect to operating margins, earnings per share,
comparable store sales, operating cash ﬂows, and net revenues, will likely result in a decline and/or increased volatility in the
market price of our stock. In addition, price and volume ﬂuctuations in the stock market as a whole may affect the market price
of our stock in ways that may be unrelated to our financial performance.
- The loss of key personnel or diﬂiculties recruiting and retaining qualified personnel could adversely impact our business
and ﬁnancial results.
Much of our future success depends on the continued availability and service of senior management personnel. The loss of any
of our executive officers or other key senior management personnel could harm our business. We must continue to recruit,
retain and motivate management and other employees sufficiently, both to maintain our current business and to execute our
Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K 15