Retail sales mix by product type for company-operated stores:
1 we, 1 i 8% i 1 Sep 23) 1
Fiscal Year Ended I w I I $33 I I 2014
[Beverages 74% 73% 73%
Food 19% 19% l 8%
[Packaged and single-serve coffees and teas 3% 3% 4%]
Other“) 4% 5% 5%
[Total : 100%: 100%: : 100%
(1) "Other" primarily consists of sales of ready-to-drink beverages, serveware and coffee-making equipment, among other
items.
Stored Value Cards
The Starbucks Card and our other branded stored value card programs are designed to provide customers with a convenient
payment method, support gifting and increase the frequency of store visits by cardholders, in part through the related Starbucks
RewardsTM (previously My Starbucks Rewards®) loyalty program where available, as discussed below. Stored value cards are
issued to customers when they initially load them with an account balance. They can be obtained in our company-operated and
most licensed stores in North America, Japan, China, Brazil, and many of our markets in the EMEA segment, as well as on-
line, via the Starbucks® mobile app, and through other retailers, including a number of other international locations. Customers
may access their card balances by utilizing their stored value card or the Starbucks® mobile app in participating stores, which
also include certain Teavana® and Evolution Fresh® locations. Using the Mobile Order and Pay functionality of the Starbucks®
mobile app, customers can also place orders in advance for pick—up at certain participating locations in the US. and Canada.
Customers who register their card in the US, Canada, and certain other countries are automatically enrolled in the Starbucks
RewardsTM program and can receive various benefits depending on factors such as the number of reward points ("Stars") earned.
Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K, for further discussion
of our stored value cards and loyalty program.
Licensed Stores
Revenues from our licensed stores accounted for 10% of total net revenues in fiscal 2016. Licensed stores generally have a
lower gross margin and a higher operating margin than company—operated stores. Under the licensed model, Starbucks receives
a reduced share of the total store revenues, but this is more than offset by the reduction in our share of costs as these are
primarily incurred by the licensee.
In our licensed store operations, we leverage the expertise of our local partners and share our operating and store development
experience. Licensees provide improved, and at times the only, access to desirable retail space. Most licensees are prominent
retailers with in—depth market knowledge and access. As part of these arrangements, we sell coffee, tea, food and related
products to licensees for resale to customers and receive royalties and license fees from the licensees. We also sell certain
equipment, such as coffee brewers and espresso machines, to our licensees for use in their operations. Employees working in
licensed retail locations are required to follow our detailed store operating procedures and attend training classes similar to
those given to employees in company-operated stores. For Teavana® and Starbucks® stores within certain international markets,
we also use traditional franchising and include these stores in the results of operations from our other licensed stores.
Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K 5