Competition
Our primary competitors for coffee beverage sales are specialty coffee shops and quick-service restaurants. In almost all
markets in which we do business, there are numerous competitors in the specialty coffee beverage business. We believe that our
customers choose among specialty coffee retailers primarily on the basis of product quality, service and convenience, as well as
price. We continue to experience direct competition from large competitors in the US. quick-service restaurant sector and the
US. ready-to-drink coffee beverage market, in addition to well-established companies in many international markets. We also
compete with restaurants and other specialty retailers for prime retail locations and qualified personnel to operate both new and
existing stores.
Our coffee and tea products sold through our Channel Development segment compete directly against specialty coﬂees and teas
sold through grocery stores, warehouse clubs, specialty retailers, convenience stores and US. foodservice accounts and
compete indirectly against all other coffees and teas on the market.
Trademarks, Copyrights, Patents and Domain Names
Starbucks owns and has applied to register numerous trademarks and service marks in the US. and in other countries
throughout the world. Some of our trademarks, including Starbucks, the Starbucks logo, Tazo, Seattle’s Best Coffee, Teavana,
Frappuccino, Starbucks VIA, Evolution Fresh and La Boulange are of material importance. The duration of trademark
registrations varies from country to country. However, trademarks are generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely as long
as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained.
We own numerous copyrights for items such as product packaging, promotional materials, in—store graphics and training
materials. We also hold patents on certain products, systems and designs. In addition, Starbucks has registered and maintains
numerous Internet domain names, including "Starbuckscom," "Starbucksnet," "Tazo.com," "Seattlesbestcom" and
"Teavanacom."
Seasonality and Quarterly Results
Our business is subject to moderate seasonal ﬂuctuations, of which our fiscal second quarter typically experiences lower
revenues and operating income. Additionally, as Starbucks Cards are issued to and loaded by customers during the holiday
season, we tend to have higher cash ﬂows from operations during the first quarter of the fiscal year. However, since revenues
from Starbucks Cards are recognized upon redemption and not when cash is loaded onto the Card, the impact of seasonal
ﬂuctuations on the consolidated statements of earnings is much less pronounced. As a result of moderate seasonal ﬂuctuations,
results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year.
Employees
Starbucks employed approximately 254,000 people worldwide as of October 2, 2016. In the US, Starbucks employed
approximately 170,000 people, with approximately 162,000 in company-operated stores and the remainder in support facilities,
store development, and roasting, manufacturing, warehousing and distribution operations. Approximately 84,000 employees
were employed outside of the US, with approximately 81,000 in company-operated stores and the remainder in regional
support operations. The number of Starbucks employees represented by unions is not significant. We believe our current
relations with our employees are good.
Executive Ofﬁcers of the Registrant
[Howard Schultz 63 chairman and chief executive officer [
Kevin R. Johnson 56 president and chief operating officer
[Cliff Burrows 5 7 group president, Siren Retail [
John Culver 56 group president, Starbucks Global Retail
[Scott Maw 49 executive vice president, chief financial officer [
Lucy Lee Helm 5 9 executive vice president, general counsel and secretary
8 Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K