PART 111
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Colporate Governance
Information regarding our executive officers is set forth in Item 1 of Part 1 of this Report under the caption "Executive Officers
of the Registrant. "
We adopted a code of ethics that applies to our chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, controller
and other finance leaders, which is a "code of ethics" as defined by applicable rules of the SEC. This code is publicly available
on our website at www. starbucks.com/about—us/ company-information/corporate- governance. If we make any amendments to
this code other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waivers, including implicit
waivers, from a provision of this code to our chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer or controller,
we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date and to whom it applies on our website at
www. starbucks.com/about—us/company-information/corporate- governance or in a report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC.
The remaining information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled "Proposal 1 r 7
Election of Directors" and "Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock? Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance," "Corporate Governance 7 Board Committees and Related Matters" and "Corporate Governance — Audit and
Compliance Committee" in our definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on March 22,
2017 (the "Proxy Statement").
Item 11. Executive Compensation
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled "Executive Compensation,"
"Compensation of Directors," "Corporate Governance — Compensation and Management Development Committee" and
"Compensation Committee Report" in the Proxy Statement.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled "Equity Compensation Plan
Information" and "Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock" in the Proxy Statement.
Item 13. Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the section entitled "Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions" and "Corporate Governance — Affirmative Determinations Regarding Director Independence and Other
Matters" in the Proxy Statement.
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled "Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm Fees" and "Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" in the Proxy Statement.
90 Starbucks Corporation 2016 Form 10-K