Table,0f,C,0ntents
Non-cancelable Obligations. The Company is obligated to make payments under various non-cancelable arrangements with vendors and other business
partners, principally for content, bandwidth, and marketing arrangements. As of December 31, 2016, these commitments totaled $172 million, of which
$86 million will be payable in 2017, $55 million will be payable in 2018, $17 million will be payable in 2019, $4 million will be payable in 2020, $3 million will be
payable in 2021, and $7 million will be payable thereafter.
Intellectual Property Rights. The Company is committed to make certain payments under various intellectual property arrangements of up to $12 million
through 2023.
Note Payable Obligations. The Company is obligated to make payments for notes payable related to two buildings in Sunnyvale, California. The estimated
timing and amounts of payments totaled $52 million, of which $5 million will be payable each year from 2017 through 2021, and $27 million will be payable
thereafter.
Standby Letters of Credit. As of December 31 , 2016, the Company had outstanding potential obligations relating to standby letters of credit of $38 million.
Standby letters of credit are ﬁnancial guarantees provided by third parties for ongoing operating liabilities such as leases, utility bills, taxes, and insurance. If any
letter of credit is drawn upon by a beneﬁciary, the Company is obligated to reimburse the provider of the guarantee. The standby letters of credit generally renew
annually.
Other Commitments. In the ordinary course of business, the Company may provide indemniﬁcations of varying scope and terms to customers, vendors,
lessors, joint ventures and business partners, purchasers of assets or subsidiaries and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to,
losses arising out of the Company’s breach of agreements or representations and warranties made by the Company, services to be provided by the Company,
intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties or, with respect to the sale, lease, or assignment of assets, or the sale of a subsidiary, matters
related to the Company’s conduct of the business and tax matters prior to the sale, lease or assignment. In addition, the Company has entered into
indemniﬁcation agreements with its directors and certain of its ofﬁcers that will require the Company, among other things, to indemnify them against certain
liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or ofﬁcers. The Company has also agreed to indemnify certain former ofﬁcers, directors,
and employees of acquired companies in connection with the acquisition of such companies. The Company maintains director and ofﬁcer insurance, which may
cover certain liabilities arising from its obligation to indemnify its current and former directors and ofﬁcers, and former directors and ofﬁcers of acquired
companies, in certain circumstances. It is not possible to determine the aggregate maximum potential loss under these indemniﬁcation agreements due to the
limited history of prior indemniﬁcation claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Such indemnification agreements
might not be subject to maximum loss clauses. Historically, the Company has not incurred material costs as a result of obligations under these agreements and it
has not accrued any material liabilities related to such indemniﬁcation obligations in the Company’s consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
As of December 31, 2016, the Company did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or ﬁnancial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as
structured ﬁnance or special purpose entities, established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited
purposes. Accordingly, the Company is not exposed to any ﬁnancing, liquidity, market, or credit risk that could arise if the Company had such relationships. In
addition, the Company identified no variable interests currently held in entities for which it is the primary beneﬁciary.
146