Table,0f,C,0ntents
Capitalized Software and Labor. The Company capitalized certain software and labor costs totaling approximately $85 million, $31 million, and $25 million
during 2014, 2015, and 2016, respectively. The Company capitalizes eligible costs to acquire or develop internal-use software that are incurred subsequent to
the preliminary project stage through the development stage. The estimated useful life of costs capitalized is evaluated for each speciﬁc project and ranges from
one to three years. Actual economic lives may differ from estimated useful lives. Periodic reviews could result in a change in estimated useful lives and therefore
amortization expense in future periods. During 2014, 2015, and 2016, the amortization of capitalized costs totaled approximately $161 million, $144 million, and
$85 million, respectively. Capitalized software and labor costs are included in property and equipment, net. Included in the capitalized amounts above are
$12 million, $5 million, and $4 million, respectively, of stock—based compensation expense in the years ended December 31, 2014, 2015, and 2016.
Goodwill. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired in a business
combination. Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impairment on an annual basis and more frequently if impairment indicators are present. The Company’s
reporting units are one level below the operating segments level. The reporting unit’s carrying value is compared to its fair value. The estimated fair values of the
reporting units are determined using either the market approach, income approach or a combination of the market and income approach. Goodwill is considered
impaired if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value. The income approach uses expected future operating results and failure to
achieve these expected results may cause a future impairment of goodwill at the reporting unit. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated
fair value, the second step of the goodwill impairment test is performed by comparing the carrying value of the goodwill in the reporting unit to its implied fair
value. The implied fair value is calculated by allocating all of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, including any unrecognized intangible assets, in a
hypothetical analysis that calculates the implied fair value of goodwill in the same manner as if the reporting unit was being acquired in a business combination.
An impairment charge is recognized for the excess of the carrying value of goodwill over its implied estimated fair value. The Company conducted its annual
goodwill impairment test as of October 31, 2016. See Note 5—“Goodwill” for results of the goodwill impairment test.
Intangible Assets. Deﬁnite-lived intangible assets are carried at cost and are amortized over their estimated useful lives, generally on a straight-line basis
over one to seven years as the pattern of use is ratable. The Company reviews identiﬁable amortizable intangible assets to be held and used for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on
the lowest level of identiﬁable estimated undiscounted cash ﬂows resulting from use of the asset and its eventual disposition. Intangible assets with indefinite
useful lives are not amortized but are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair
value is less than its carrying amount. If the Company determines that an intangible asset with an indeﬁnite life is more likely than not impaired, a quantitative
test comparing the fair value of the indeﬁnite-lived purchased intangible asset with its carrying amount is performed. The Company estimates the fair value of
indeﬁnite-lived purchased intangible assets using an income approach. Measurement of any impairment losses on both deﬁnite-lived and indeﬁnite-lived
intangible assets are based on the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its fair value. See Note 6—“lntangible Assets, Net” for additional information.
Originally Developed Content and Acquired Content. Originally developed content and acquired content are both carried at cost. Originally developed
content is amortized based on the expected pattern of viewing. Acquired content is amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of each program’s
contractual window of availability or estimated period of use, beginning with the month of ﬁrst availability. Marketing and general and administrative costs are
expensed as incurred.
105