Table,0f,C,0ntents
competitive with other search providers. If Microsoft fails to do this, our revenue and proﬁtability could decline and our ability to maintain and expand our
relationships with Afﬁliates for search and paid search advertising could be negatively impacted. Further, our competitors may continue to increase revenue,
profitability, and market share at a higher rate than we do.
The term of the Microsoft Search Agreement is 10 years from its commencement date, February 23, 2010, subject to earlier termination as provided in the
Microsoft Search Agreement. On or after October 1, 2015, either the Company or Microsoft may terminate the Microsoft Search Agreement by delivering a
written notice of termination to the other party. The Microsoft Search Agreement will remain in effect for four months from the date of a termination notice to
provide for a transition period. If Microsoft terminated the Microsoft Search Agreement and the Company was unable to rely on its own services or the Services
Agreement with Google, the termination could have an adverse impact on our business, revenue and operating results.
Risks associated with our Services Agreement with Google may adversely affect our business and operating results.
Under our Services Agreement with Google, Google will provide us with search advertisements through Google’s AdSense for Search service, web algorithmic
search services through Google’s Websearch Service, and image search services. We entered into the Services Agreement with Google in the fourth quarter of
2015. In addition, if Microsoft were to terminate its Search Agreement with us, we would be required to rely on the Services Agreement and our Yahoo Gemini
platform to replace the search revenue we currently receive under the Microsoft Search Agreement.
We are dependent on Google continuing to invest and innovate to maintain and improve its algorithmic and paid search services and to be competitive with other
search providers. If Google fails to do this, our revenue and profitability could decline. Further, Google has a number of termination rights under the Services
Agreement. If Google terminated the Services Agreement and we were unable to rely on our Yahoo Gemini platform or the Microsoft Search Agreement, the
termination could have an adverse impact on our business, revenue and operating results.
If we are unable to provide innovative search experiences and other products and services that differentiate our services and generate significant
traffic to our websites, our business could be harmed, causing our revenue to decline.
Internet search is characterized by rapidly changing technology, signiﬁcant competition, evolving industry standards, and frequent product and service
enhancements. Although we have agreements with Microsoft and Google to use their paid search platforms, we still need to continue to invest in our Yahoo
Gemini search platform and to innovate to improve our users’ search experience (especially on mobile) to continue to differentiate our services and attract,
retain, and expand our user base and paid search advertiser base. We also generate revenue through other online products, services and apps, and continue to
innovate the products, services and apps in our portfolio. The research and development of new, technologically advanced products is a complex process that
requires signiﬁcant levels of innovation and investment, as well as accurate anticipation of technology, market and consumer trends.
If we are unable to provide innovative search experiences and other products and services which differentiate our services, gain user acceptance and generate
signiﬁcant trafﬁc to our websites, or if we are unable to effectively monetize the traffic from such products and services, our business could be harmed, causing
our revenue to decline.
20