Table,0f,C,0ntents
(3) In May 2013, we entered into a 12 year operating lease agreement for four ﬂoors of the former New York Times building in New York City with a total
expected minimum lease commitment of $125 million. We have the option to renew the lease for an additional ﬁve years.
(4) We are obligated to make minimum payments under contracts to provide sponsored search and/or display advertising services to our Afﬁliates, which
represent TAC.
(5) We are obligated to make payments under various arrangements with vendors and other business partners, principally for content, bandwidth, and
marketing arrangements.
(6) We are committed to make certain payments under various intellectual property arrangements.
(7) As of December 31, 2016, unrecognized tax beneﬁts and potential interest and penalties resulted in accrued liabilities of $1,182 million, classiﬁed as
other accrued expenses and current liabilities and deferred and other long-term tax liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31,
2016, the settlement period for the $1,180 million income tax liabilities cannot be determined. See Note 16—“lncome Taxes” in the Notes to our
consolidated ﬁnancial statements for additional information.
Standby Letters of Credit. As of December 31, 2016, we had outstanding potential obligations relating to standby letters of credit of $38 million. Standby
letters of credit are ﬁnancial guarantees provided by third parties for ongoing operating liabilities such as leases, utility bills, taxes, and insurance. If any letter of
credit is drawn upon by a beneﬁciary, we are obligated to reimburse the provider of the guarantee. The standby letters of credit generally renew annually.
Other Commitments and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements . In the ordinary course of business, we may provide indemniﬁcations of varying scope and
terms to customers, vendors, lessors, joint ventures and business partners, purchasers of assets or subsidiaries and other parties with respect to certain matters,
including, but not limited to, losses arising out of our breach of agreements or representations and warranties made by us, services to be provided by us,
intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties or, with respect to the sale, lease, or assignment of assets or the sale of a subsidiary, matters
related to our conduct of the business and tax matters prior to the sale, lease, or assignment of assets. In addition, we have entered into indemniﬁcation
agreements with our directors and certain of our officers that will require us, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by
reason of their status or service as directors or ofﬁcers. We have also agreed to indemnify certain former ofﬁcers, directors, and employees of acquired
companies in connection with the acquisition of such companies. We maintain director and ofﬁcer insurance, which may cover certain liabilities arising from our
obligation to indemnify our current and former directors and ofﬁcers, and former directors and ofﬁcers of acquired companies, in certain circumstances. It is not
possible to determine the aggregate maximum potential loss under these indemniﬁcation agreements due to the limited history of prior indemniﬁcation claims
and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Such indemniﬁcation agreements might not be subject to maximum loss clauses.
Historically, we have not incurred material costs as a result of obligations under these agreements and we have not accrued any material liabilities related to
such indemnification obligations in our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
As of December 31, 2016, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or ﬁnancial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured
ﬁnance or special purpose entities, established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.
Accordingly, we are not exposed to any ﬁnancing, liquidity, market, or credit risk that could arise if we had such relationships. In addition, we identiﬁed no
variable interests currently held in entities for which we are the primary beneﬁciary. In addition, as of December 31, 2016, we had no off-balance sheet
arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our consolidated ﬁnancial condition, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures or capital resources.
83