Table,0f,C,ontents
Mavens revenue for the year ended December 31, 2015 increased 45 percent to $1,660 million, compared to $1,148 million for the year ended December 31,
2014. The increase in Mavens revenue for the year ended December 31, 2015 was primarily related to growth in mobile advertising, and to a lesser extent,
growth in native and video advertising.
Mobile Revenue
With the signiﬁcant platform shift to mobile devices, including smartphones and tablets, we continue to focus on mobile products and mobile ad formats. We
have continued to refresh the user experience on mobile with the launch of Yahoo Newsroom, Yahoo Fantasy Sports, Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Finance and Yahoo
View apps. As of December 31, 2016, we had more than 650 million monthly mobile users (including mobile Tumblr users).
Mobile revenue is generated in connection with user activity on mobile devices, including smartphones and tablets (a “device-based” approach), regardless of
whether the device is accessing a mobile-optimized service. Mobile revenue is primarily generated by search and display advertising. Mobile search revenue is
generated from clicks on text-based links to advertisers’ websites that appear primarily on search results pages. Search revenue is recognized based on Paid
Clicks. A Paid Click occurs when an end—user clicks on a sponsored listing on Yahoo Properties or Afﬁliate sites for which an advertiser pays on a per click
basis. Mobile display revenue is generated from the display of graphical, non-graphical, and video advertisements on mobile devices. The Company recognizes
revenue from display advertising on Yahoo Properties and Afﬁliate sites as impressions of or clicks on display advertisements are delivered. Impressions are
delivered when a sold advertisement appears in pages viewed by users. Clicks are delivered when a user clicks on a native advertisement. Mobile revenue also
includes leads, listings and fees revenue and e-commerce revenue allocated to user activity on mobile devices. Mobile revenue is included within Search,
Display, and Other revenue that we have reported.
Mobile revenue for the year ended December 31, 2016 increased to $1,494 million, compared to $1,048 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. The
change in revenue presentation associated with the Eleventh Amendment to the Microsoft Search Agreement contributed $386 million to mobile revenue in the
year ended December 31, 2016. Excluding the impact of the revenue presentation, noted above, mobile revenue would have been $1,107 million for the year
ended December 31, 2016, an increase of $60 million, or 6 percent, compared to the same period of 2015. The increase in mobile revenue for the year ended
December 31, 2016 was primarily attributable to growth in graphical display advertising revenue as well as an increase in search advertising revenue (excluding
the impact of the change in revenue presentation) driven by Yahoo Gemini search.
Mobile revenue for the year ended December 31, 2015 increased 36 percent to $1,048 million, compared to $768 million for the year ended December 31, 2014.
The increase in mobile revenue for the year ended December 31, 2015 was primarily attributable to growth in display revenue on mobile devices driven by native
advertising and growth in search revenue on mobile devices driven by mobile search advertising on our Yahoo Gemini platform.
TAC rates that we pay to Afﬁliates for Mavens and mobile are substantially consistent with our TAC rates for our other revenue streams.
53