Table,0f,C,0ntents
accessed, used, or disclosed. Security breaches or other unauthorized data disclosure, acquisition or access (such as the Security Incidents) have resulted in,
and may in the future result in, a combination of signiﬁcant legal and ﬁnancial exposure, increased remediation and other costs, damage to our reputation, and a
loss of conﬁdence in the security of our products, services, and networks that could have a significantly adverse effect on our business. We take steps to prevent
unauthorized data disclosure or access to our systems; however, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or
sabotage systems change frequently or may be disguised or difﬁcult to detect, or designed to remain dormant until a triggering event, we may be unable to
anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. Breaches of our security measures, such as the Security lncidents, or perceived
breaches, have caused and may in the future cause, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures to be harmed and could cause us to
lose users and customers, or detrimentally affect our relationships with distribution partners, service providers, vendors and app developers.
Changes in regulations or user concerns regarding privacy and protection of user data, or any failure to comply with such laws, could adversely
affect our business.
Federal, state, and international laws and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, disclosure, sharing and security of data that we receive from and
about our users. The use of consumer data by online service providers and advertising networks is a topic of active interest among federal, state, and
international regulatory bodies, and the regulatory environment is unsettled. Many states have passed laws requiring notiﬁcation to users where there is a
security breach for personal data, such as California’s Information Practices Act. We face similar risks in international markets where our products, services and
apps are offered. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with or to make effective modiﬁcations to our policies, or to comply with any applicable federal,
state, or international privacy, data-retention or data—protection-related laws, regulations, orders or industry self-regulatory principles could result in proceedings
or actions against us by governmental entities or others, a loss of user confidence, damage to the Yahoo brands, and a loss of users, advertising partners, or
Afﬁliates, any of which could potentially have an adverse effect on our business.
In addition, various federal, state and foreign legislative or regulatory bodies may enact new or additional laws and regulations concerning privacy, data
retention, data transfer and data protection issues, including laws or regulations mandating disclosure to domestic or international law enforcement bodies, which
could adversely impact our business, our brand or our reputation with users. For example, some countries are considering or have enacted laws mandating that
user data regarding users in their country be maintained in their country. Having to maintain local data centers in individual countries could increase our
operating costs signiﬁcantly. In addition, there currently is a data protection regulation, known as the General Data Protection Regulation, which has been
ﬁnalized and is pending implementation by the member states of the European Union by May 2018 that includes operational and compliance requirements that
are different than those currently in place and that also includes signiﬁcant penalties for non—compliance. The European Union is also considering an update to
its Privacy and Electronic Communications (e-Privacy) Directive to, among other things, amend the current directive’s rules on the use of cookies.
The European Court of Justice invalidated the European Commission’s 2000 Safe Harbor Decision that we had previously relied on for data transfers between
the European Union and United States. The model contractual clauses and other mechanisms that we currently rely on to address European Union data
protection requirements for transfers of data are subject to uncertainty and legal challenges. The European Union and United States recently agreed to the
Privacy Shield Framework, an alternative mechanism to comply with European Union data protection requirements. We are not currently relying on the Privacy
Shield Framework. Challenges to our existing data transfer mechanisms, and any future legal challenges to data transfer mechanisms that we may adopt, could
18