Table,0f,C,0ntents
continue to license their technologies or intellectual property to us on reasonable terms, or at all. Providers may change the fees they charge users or othenNise
change their business model in a manner that slows the widespread acceptance of their technologies. In order for our services to be successful, there must be a
large base of users of the technologies necessary to deliver our content, advertising, and services. We have limited or no control over the availability or
acceptance of those technologies, and any change in the licensing terms, costs, availability, or user acceptance of these technologies could adversely affect our
business.
Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the Internet by us and our users. Internet access providers may be able to block,
degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products and services, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of users and advertisers.
Our products and services depend on the ability of our users to access the Internet, and certain of our products require signiﬁcant bandwidth to work effectively.
Currently, this access is provided by companies that have signiﬁcant market power in the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent
telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, and government—owned service providers. Some of these providers may take, or
have stated that they may take, measures that could degrade, disrupt, or increase the cost of user access to certain of our products by restricting or prohibiting
the use of their infrastructure to support or facilitate our offerings, or by charging increased fees to us or our users to provide our offerings. Such interference
could result in a loss of existing users and advertisers, and increased costs, and could impair our ability to attract new users and advertisers, thereby harming
our revenues and growth. The adoption of any laws or regulations that limit access to the Internet by blocking, degrading or charging access fees to us or our
users for certain services could decrease the demand for, or the usage of, our products, services and apps, increase our cost of doing business and adversely
affect our operating results.
Any failure to manage changes to our business could adversely affect our operating results.
If we are unable to effectively manage a large and geographically dispersed group of employees, our business may be adversely affected. Our business relies
on data systems, billing systems, and ﬁnancial reporting and control systems, among others. All of these systems have become increasingly complex in the
recent past due to the growing complexity of our business, acquisitions of new businesses with different systems, and increased regulation over controls and
procedures. To manage our business in a cost-effective manner, we will need to continue to upgrade and improve our data systems, billing systems, and other
operational and ﬁnancial systems, procedures, and controls. In some cases, we are outsourcing administrative functions to lower—cost providers. These
upgrades, improvements and outsourcing changes will require a dedication of resources and in some cases are likely to be complex. If we are unable to adapt
our systems and put adequate controls in place in a timely manner, our business may be adversely affected. In particular, sustained failures of our billing
systems to accommodate increasing numbers of transactions, to accurately bill users and advertisers, or to accurately compensate Afﬁliates could adversely
affect the viability of our business model.
We have dedicated resources to provide a variety of premium enhancements to our products, services and apps, which might not prove to be
successful in generating significant revenue for us.
We offer fee-based enhancements for many of our free services. The development cycles for these technologies are long and generally require investment by
us. We have invested and will continue to invest in premium products, services and apps. Some of these premium products, services and apps might not
generate anticipated revenue or might not meet anticipated user adoption rates. We have previously discontinued some non-proﬁtable premium services and
may discontinue others. General economic conditions as well as the rapidly evolving competitive landscape may affect users’ willingness to pay for such
premium services. If we cannot generate revenue from our premium
31