Table,0f,C,0ntents
(5) Net loss attributable to Yahoo! Inc. for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 includes net restructuring charges of $57 million, advisory fees of $9 million and
a loss of $39 million due to the decline in fair value of the Hortonworks warrants.
(6) Net loss attributable to Yahoo! Inc. for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 includes goodwill impairment charge of $395 million and intangible assets
impairment charge of $87 million related to Tumblr reporting unit, net restructuring charges of $19 million, advisory fees of $15 million and a gain of
$120 million on the sale of land.
(7) Net income attributable to Yahoo! Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 includes advisory fees of $27 million, net restructuring charges of
$10 million and a loss of $8 million due to the decline in fair value of the Hortonworks warrants.
(8) Net income attributable to Yahoo! Inc. for the quarter ended December 31, 2016 includes security incidents costs of $1 0 million, advisory fees of
$6 million and net restructuring charges of $2 million.
(9) Commencing in the second quarter of 2016, TAC payments related to the Microsoft Search Agreement, which previously would have been recorded as a
reduction to revenue, began to be recorded as cost of revenue—TAC due to a required change in revenue presentation. See Note 1—“The Company
and Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies” and Note 19—“Microsoft Search Agreement” in the Notes to the Company’s consolidated ﬁnancial
statements for additional information.
Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting
and FinanCIal Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
The Company’s management, with the participation of the Company’s principal executive ofﬁcer and principal financial ofﬁcer, has evaluated the effectiveness of
the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is deﬁned in Rules 13a—15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the “Exchange Act”)), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, the Company’s principal
executive ofﬁcer and principal ﬁnancial ofﬁcer have concluded (based on the ﬁndings and recommendations of the Independent Committee set forth in Item 7
—“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Security Incidents”) that, due exclusively to deﬁciencies in the
Company’s existing security incident response protocols related to the 2014 Security Incident, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective at December 31, 2016. The conclusion that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures at December 31, 2016 were not effective did not affect
our conclusion that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2016. Further, the Company’s principal executive officer and
principal ﬁnancial ofﬁcer have also concluded (based on the ﬁndings and recommendations of the Independent Committee as set forth in Item 7
—“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Security Incidents”) that, due exclusively to deﬁciencies in the
Company’s
170