Table,0f,C,0ntents
Separately, in connection with the acquisition, the Company is also recognizing stock-based compensation expense of $15 million over a period of four years
from the date of the acquisition. This amount is comprised of Yahoo common stock issued to the founders (which had a fair value of $15 million at the acquisition
date). The Yahoo common stock held in escrow was issued to the founders, but is subject to forfeiture and will be released over four years from the date of the
acquisition provided they remain employees of the Company (or a successor company).
The allocation of the purchase price of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values was as follows (in thousands):
Cash acquiired $ 6.919 |
Other ’gnggle assets acquired 12,_0_57
,FA‘mortizable intangible assets: l
Dgegped technology 17,5_5_0
| Tradename 1,150 l
r Cilstomer contracts and related relationships 2_2_5
Goodwill 131,084 I
riiiTiotal assets acquired 16_8_,0_8_5
‘Liabilities assumed (3,503) |
Total 160,582
The amortizable intangible assets have useful lives not exceeding ﬁve years and a weighted average useful life of three years. The purchase price of
$161 million exceeded the estimated fair value of the tangible and identiﬁable intangible assets and liabilities acquired and, as a result of the allocation, the
Company recorded goodwill of $131 million in connection with this transaction. Goodwill represented the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair
value of the net tangible and identiﬁable intangible assets acquired and is not deductible for tax purposes. The entire goodwill amount was recorded in the
Americas segment.
Other Acquisitions— During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company acquired one other company which was accounted for as a business
combination. The total purchase price for this acquisition was $23 million. The purchase price allocation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on
their estimated fair values was as follows: $5 million to amortizable intangibles; $4 million to net liabilities assumed; and the remainder of $22 million to goodwill.
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net tangible and identiﬁable intangible assets acquired and is not
deductible for tax purposes. The entire goodwill amount was recorded in the EMEA segment.
The Company’s business combinations completed during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2015 did not have a material impact on the Company’s
consolidated statements of operations, and therefore proforma disclosures have not been presented.
The Company did not make any acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2016.
Patent Sale and License Agreement
During 2014, the Company entered into a patent sale and license agreement for total cash consideration of $460 million. The total consideration was allocated
based on the estimated relative
129