Table,0f,C,ontents
listings only or both algorithmic and paid listings from Microsoft. To the extent the Company requests algorithmic listings only or requests paid listings but elects
not to display such paid listings, the Company pays Microsoft serving costs but not a revenue share. In other cases and with respect to the Volume Commitment,
the Revenue Share Rate applies.
Previously under the Microsoft Search Agreement, Yahoo had sales exclusivity for both the Company’s and Microsoft’s premium advertisers. For reporting
periods ending December 31, 2014 and 2015, and March 31, 2016, TAC related to the Company’s Microsoft Search Agreement was recorded as a reduction to
revenue. Pursuant to the Eleventh Amendment, the Company completed the transition of its exclusive sales responsibilities to Microsoft for Microsoft’s paid
search services to premium advertisers in the United States, Canada, and Europe on April 1, 2016 and in its remaining markets (other than Taiwan and Hong
Kong) on June 1, 2016. Following the transition in each respective market, Yahoo is considered the principal in the sale of trafﬁc to Microsoft and other
customers because Yahoo is the primary obligor in its arrangements with Microsoft and has discretion in how search queries from Afﬁliate sites will be fulﬁlled
and monetized. As a result, the amounts paid to Affiliates under the Microsoft Search Agreement in the transitioned markets are recorded as cost of revenue—
TAC rather than as a reduction to GAAP revenue, resulting in GAAP revenue from the Microsoft Search Agreement being reported on a gross rather than net
basis.
Effective June 3, 2016, the Company and Microsoft further amended the Microsoft Search Agreement to provide that sales responsibilities for premium
advertisers in Taiwan and Hong Kong will not be transitioned. TAC in those markets will continue to be reported as a reduction to revenue.
The term of the Microsoft Search Agreement is 10 years from its commencement date, February 23, 2010, subject to earlier termination as provided in the
Microsoft Search Agreement. As of October 1, 2015, either the Company or Microsoft may terminate the Microsoft Search Agreement by delivering a written
notice of termination to the other party. The Microsoft Search Agreement will remain in effect for four months from the date of the termination notice to provide for
a transition period; however, the Company’s Volume Commitment will not apply in the third and fourth months of this transition period.
Approximately 35 percent, 35 percent, and 37 percent of the Company’s revenue for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2015, and 2016, respectively, was
attributable to the Microsoft Search Agreement. Commencing in the second quarter of 2016, TAC payments related to the Microsoft Search Agreement for
transitioned markets, which previously would have been recorded as a reduction to revenue, began to be recorded as a cost of revenue due to a required
change in revenue presentation. During the year ended December 31, 2016, $812 million of GAAP revenue and cost of revenue—TAC was due to the change in
revenue presentation. See Note 1—“The Company and Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies” for additional information on change in revenue
presentation.
The Company’s uncollected revenue share in connection with the Microsoft Search Agreement was $267 million and $392 million, which is included in accounts
receivable, net, as of December 31, 2015 and 2016, respectively.
On December 4, 2009, in connection with entering into the Microsoft Search Agreement, the Company also entered into a License Agreement with Microsoft (as
amended, the “License Agreement”). Under the License Agreement, Microsoft acquired an exclusive 10—year license to the Company’s core search technology
and has the ability to integrate this technology into its existing web search platforms. Pursuant to the Eleventh Amendment, the exclusive licenses granted to
Microsoft under the License Agreement became non—exclusive. The Company also agreed pursuant to the Eleventh Amendment to license certain sales tools to
Microsoft to use solely in connection with Microsoft’s paid search services pursuant to the terms of the License Agreement.
167