Table,of,C,ontents
Clicks are delivered when a user clicks on an advertisement. Arrangements for these services generally have terms of up to one year. For display advertising on
Afﬁliate sites, the Company pays Afﬁliates from the revenue generated from the display of these advertisements on the Afﬁliate sites. Trafﬁc acquisition costs
(“TAC”) are payments made to Afﬁliates and payments made to companies that direct consumer and business trafﬁc to Yahoo Properties. The display revenue
derived from these arrangements that involve trafﬁc supplied by Afﬁliates is reported gross of the TAC paid to Affiliates (reported as cost of revenue—TAC) when
the Company is the primary obligor to the advertisers who are the customers of the display advertising service.
From time-to-time, the Company may offer customized display advertising solutions to advertisers. These customized display advertising solutions combine the
Company’s standard display advertising with customized content, customer insights, and campaign analysis which are separate units of accounting. Due to the
unique nature of these products, the Company may not be able to establish selling prices based on historical stand—alone sales or third-party evidence;
therefore, the Company may use its best estimate to establish selling prices. The Company establishes best estimates within a range of selling prices
considering multiple factors including, but not limited to, class of advertiser, size of transaction, seasonality, margin objectives, observed pricing trends, available
online inventory, industry pricing strategies, and market conditions. The Company believes the use of the best estimates of selling price allows revenue
recognition in a manner consistent with the underlying economics of the transaction.
Other Revenue. Other revenue includes listings—based services revenue, e—commerce transaction revenue, royalties, patent licenses and fees revenue.
Listings—based services revenue is generated from a variety of consumer and business listings—based services, including classiﬁed advertising such as Yahoo
Local and other services. The Company recognizes listings—based services revenue when the services are performed. Transaction revenue is generated from
facilitating commercial transactions through Yahoo Properties, principally from Yahoo Small Business, Yahoo Travel, and Yahoo Shopping. The Company
recognizes transaction revenue when there is evidence that qualifying transactions have occurred. The Company also receives royalties from Yahoo Japan
which are recognized when earned. Alibaba Group’s obligation to make royalty payments under the Technology and Intellectual Property License Agreement
(the “TlPLA”) ceased on September 24, 2014 as a result of the Alibaba Group’s initial public offering (the “Alibaba Group lPO”) of American Depositary Shares
(“ADSs”) and the Company’s recognition of the remaining TIPLA deferred revenue was completed on September 18, 2015. See Note 8—“lnvestments in Equity
Interests Accounted for Using the Equity Method of Accounting” for additional information on the revenue recognized related to the TIPLA. Fees revenue
consists of revenue generated from a variety of consumer and business fee-based services as well as services for small businesses. The Company recognizes
fees revenue when the services are performed.
In all cases, revenue is recognized only when the price is ﬁxed or determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the service is performed, and
collectability of the related fee is reasonably assured. The Company’s arrangements generally do not include a provision for cancellation, termination, or refunds
that would signiﬁcantly impact revenue recognition.
The Company accounts for cash consideration given to customers, for which it does not receive a separately identiﬁable benefit and cannot reasonably estimate
fair value, as a reduction to revenue.
Current deferred revenue is comprised of contractual billings in excess of recognized revenue and payments received in advance of revenue recognition. Long-
term deferred revenue includes amounts received for which revenue will not be earned within the next 12 months.
109