Table,0f,C,ontents
To estimate fair value, the company uses the market approach, income approach, or a combination of the two. Under the market approach, the Company utilizes
publicly-traded comparable company information to determine revenue and earnings multiples that are used to value the Company’s reporting units. Under the
income approach, the Company determines fair value based on estimated future cash flows of each reporting unit discounted by an estimated weighted-average
cost of capital, reﬂecting the overall level of inherent risk of a reporting unit and the rate of return an outside investor would expect to earn. The Company bases
cash flow projections for each reporting unit using a forecast of cash ﬂows and a terminal value based on the Perpetuity Growth Model.
Step Two
For any reporting units, where the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, as determined in step one, the Company performs step two to measure the
amount of impairment, if any. The second step of the quantitative test is performed by comparing the carrying value of the goodwill in the reporting unit to its
implied fair value. The implied fair value is calculated by allocating all of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, including any unrecognized intangible
assets, in a hypothetical analysis that calculates the implied fair value of goodwill in the same manner as if the reporting unit was being acquired in a business
combination. An impairment charge is recognized for the excess of the carrying value of goodwill over its implied fair value.
2016 Impairment Testing
Interim Test. After recording the goodwill impairment charge for Tumblr during the fourth quarter of 2015, the fair value of the Tumblr reporting unit
approximated its carrying value. As such, any signiﬁcant unfavorable changes in the forecast would result in the fair value being less than the carrying value.
During the second quarter of 2016, the Company determined that there were indicators present to suggest that it was more likely than not that the fair value of
the Tumblr reporting unit was less than its carrying amount. The signiﬁcant changes for the Tumblr reporting unit subsequent to the annual goodwill impairment
test performed as of October 31, 2015 included a decline in the 2016 and beyond forecasted revenue, operating income and cash ﬂows.
To test the Tumblr reporting unit for impairment, the Company used the two-step quantitative test. Consistent with methodology used for the prior year’s annual
goodwill impairment testing, the Company estimated the fair value of the Tumblr reporting unit using an income approach which was deemed to be the most
indicative of fair value in an orderly transaction between market participants. Under the income approach, the Company determined fair value based on
estimated future cash ﬂows of the Tumblr reporting unit discounted by an estimated weighted-average cost of capital, reﬂecting the overall level of inherent risk
of the Tumblr reporting unit and the rate of return an outside investor would expect to earn. The Company based its cash flow projections for the Tumblr
reporting unit using a forecast of cash ﬂows and a terminal value based on the Perpetuity Growth Model. The forecast and related assumptions were derived
from an updated ﬁnancial forecast prepared during the second quarter of 2016. As a result of the analysis, the Company concluded that the carrying value of the
Tumblr reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value. The second step of the quantitative test was performed by comparing the carrying value of the goodwill
in the Tumblr reporting unit to its implied fair value. The step two quantitative test for the Tumblr reporting unit resulted in an impairment for the Tumblr reporting
unit, and the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $395 million during the second quarter of 2016.
Annual Test. As of October 31, 2016, the Company conducted its annual impairment test and no additional impairment was identiﬁed.
The remaining goodwill related to the Tumblr reporting unit as of December 31, 2016 was $124 million, which is included in the Americas operating segment. As
of December 31, 2016, there was also
133