Table,0f,C,ontents
including alleged violation of international statutory and common law. In addition, third parties have made, and may continue to make, infringement and other
claims against us over the display of content or search results triggered by search terms.
As we develop new technologies, products and services, we may become increasingly subject to intellectual property infringement and other claims, including
those that may arise under international laws. In the event that there is a determination that we have infringed third—party proprietary rights such as patents,
copyrights, trademark rights, trade secret rights, or other third—party rights such as publicity and privacy rights, we could incur substantial monetary liability, or be
required to enter into costly royalty or licensing agreements or be prevented from using such rights, which could require us to change our business practices in
the future, hinder us from offering certain features, functionalities, products or services, require us to develop non—infringing products or technologies, and limit
our ability to compete effectively. We may also incur substantial expenses in defending against third-party claims regardless of the merit of such claims. In
addition, many of our agreements with our customers or Affiliates require us to indemnify them for some types of third-party intellectual property infringement
claims, which could increase our costs in defending such claims and our damages. Furthermore, such customers and Afﬁliates may discontinue the use of our
products, services, and technologies either as a result of injunctions or othenNise. The occurrence of any of these results could harm our brands or have an
adverse effect on our business, ﬁnancial position, operating results, and cash flows.
We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill, intangible assets, investments in equity interests, or other investments
become impaired.
We have previously recorded charges to earnings when our goodwill, intangible assets, investments in equity interests, including investments held by any equity
method investee, and other investments became impaired. For example, we recorded a $4.461 billion non—cash goodwill impairment charge during the fourth
quarter of 2015 and a non—cash goodwill impairment charge of $395 million and a non-cash intangible assets impairment charge of $87 million during the second
quarter of 2016. We are required under generally accepted accounting principles to test goodwill for impairment at least annually and to review our intangible
assets, investments in equity interests (including investments held by any equity method investee), and our other investments, for impairment when events or
changes in circumstance indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that could lead to impairment of goodwill, intangible assets (including
goodwill or assets acquired via acquisitions) and other investments include signiﬁcant adverse changes in the business climate and actual or projected operating
results (affecting our company as a whole or affecting any particular reporting unit) and declines in the ﬁnancial condition of our business. Factors that could lead
to impairment of investments in equity interests include a prolonged period of decline in the stock price or operating performance of, or an announcement of
adverse changes or events by, the companies in which we invested or the investments held by those companies. Factors that could lead to an impairment of
U.S. government securities, which constitute a signiﬁcant portion of our current assets, include any downgrade of U.S. government debt or concern about the
creditworthiness of the U.S. government. We may be required in the future to record additional charges to earnings if our goodwill, intangible assets, investments
in equity interests, including investments held by any equity method investee, or other investments become impaired. Any such charge would adversely impact
our ﬁnancial results .
Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
Revenue generated and expenses incurred by our international subsidiaries and any equity method investee are often denominated in the currencies of the local
countries. As a result, our consolidated U.S. dollar ﬁnancial statements are subject to ﬂuctuations due to changes in exchange rates as the ﬁnancial results of
our international subsidiaries and any equity method investee are translated from
25