Table,0f,C,ontents
the restricted stock units vest over four years from the date of the acquisition and relate to continuing employment. In addition, the transaction resulted in cash
consideration of $54 million to be paid to BrightRoll’s founder over three years also provided that he remains an employee of the Company (or a successor
company). Such cash payments are being recognized as compensation expense over the three-year service period from the date of the acquisition.
The total purchase price of approximately $581 million consisted mainly of cash consideration. The allocation of the purchase price of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based on their fair values was as follows (in thousands):
Cash acquired $ 41.899 I
Accounts receivable, net 9_9,3_3_0
Other tangible assets acquired 55,923 I
Amortizable intaggible assets:
| Developed technology 19,460 |
Customer contracts and related relationships 65,609
| Other 8.109 I
Goodwill 416,580
| Total assets acquired 226,832 I
Liabilities assumed ($5,651)
| Total s 581,165: I
The amortizable intangible assets have useful lives not exceeding seven years and a weighted average useful life of ﬁve years. The purchase price exceeded
the estimated fair value of the tangible and identiﬁable intangible assets and liabilities acquired and, as a result of the allocation, the Company recorded goodwill
of $417 million in connection with this transaction. Goodwill represented the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net tangible and
identifiable intangible assets acquired and was not deductible for tax purposes.
Other Acquisitions—Business Combinations. During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company acquired nine other companies, all of which were
accounted for as business combinations. The total purchase price for these acquisitions was $66 million less cash acquired of $4 million, which resulted in a net
cash outlay of $62 million. The purchase price allocation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values was $39 million
allocated to goodwill, $18 million to amortizable intangible assets, $4 million to cash acquired, $10 million to other tangible assets, and $5 million to assumed
liabilities.
Transactions completed in 2015
Polyvore. On September 2, 2015, the Company acquired Polyvore, lnc. (“Polyvore”), a social commerce website that lets users across the globe discover and
shop for their favorite products in fashion, beauty and home decor.
The total purchase price of approximately $161 million consisted of cash consideration. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company acquired all of the
equity interests (including all outstanding vested options) of Polyvore. Outstanding Polyvore unvested options were assumed and converted into equivalent
awards for Yahoo common stock valued at $7 million, which is being recognized as stock-based compensation expense as the options vest over periods of up to
four years from the date of the acquisition.
128