Table,0f,C,0ntents
to these reporting units. Fon/vard revenue multiples derived from these comparable companies are applied to ﬁnancial metrics of these reporting units to
determine their estimated fair values.
- Estimated future cash flows . We base cash ﬂow projections for each reporting unit using a forecast of cash flows and a terminal value based on the
Perpetuity Growth Model. The forecast and related assumptions were derived from the most recent annual ﬁnancial forecast for which the planning process
commenced in our fourth quarter of 2016. Key assumptions in estimating future cash ﬂows include, among other items, revenue and operating expense
growth rates, terminal value growth rate, and capital expenditure and working capital levels.
- Discount rates . We employ a Weighted Average Cost of Capital approach to determine the discount rates used in our cash flow projections. The
determination of the discount rates for each reporting unit includes factors such as the risk-free rate of return and the return an outside investor would
expect to earn based on the overall level of inherent risk. The determination of expected returns includes consideration of the beta (a measure of volatility)
of traded securities of comparable companies and risk premiums of reporting units based on international cost of capital methods.
Discount rate assumptions for these reporting units take into account our assessment of the risks inherent in the future cash ﬂows of the respective reporting unit
and our weighted—average cost of capital. We also review marketplace data to assess the reasonableness of our computation of our overall weighted average
cost of capital and, when available, the discount rates utilized for each of these reporting units.
In determining the fair value of all of the reporting units for the annual goodwill impairment test as of October 31, 2016, we used the following assumptions:
- Expected cash ﬂows underlying our business plans for the periods 2017 through 2027.
- Cash ﬂows beyond 2027 are projected to grow at a perpetual growth rate.
- In order to risk adjust the cash ﬂow projections in determining fair value, we utilized discount rates ranging from 15 percent to 17.5 percent for these
reporting units.
For any reporting units where the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, as determined in step one, we perform a second step to measure the amount
of impairment, if any. The second step of the quantitative test is performed by comparing the carrying value of the goodwill in the reporting unit to its implied fair
value. The implied fair value is calculated by allocating all of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, including any unrecognized intangible assets, in a
hypothetical analysis that calculates the implied fair value of goodwill in the same manner as if the reporting unit was being acquired in a business combination.
An impairment charge is recognized for the excess of the carrying value of goodwill over its implied fair value. We did not book an impairment charge as a result
of our annual goodwill impairment test as of October 31, 2016.
Determining the fair value of each reporting unit is judgmental in nature and requires the use of signiﬁcant estimates and assumptions, including revenue growth
rates and operating margins, discount rates and future market conditions, among others. It is reasonably possible that a future decline in market conditions
and/or changes in our market share could negatively impact the market comparables, estimated future cash flows and discount rates used in the market and
income approaches to determine the fair value of each reporting unit and could result in some portion or all of the remaining goodwill to become impaired in the
foreseeable future.
2016 Interim Goodwill Impairment. After recording the goodwill impairment charge as of October 31, 2015 for Tumblr during the fourth quarter of 2015, the
fair value of the Tumblr reporting
86