Table,0f,C,ontents
technology from accessing the content of such documents. The providers of the software applications used to create these documents could engineer the
document format to prevent or interfere with the process of indexing the document contents with search technology. This would mean that the document
contents would not be included in search results even if the contents were directly relevant to a search. The software providers may also seek to require us to
pay them royalties in exchange for giving us the ability to search documents in their format. If the search platform technology we employ is unable to index
proprietary format web documents as effectively as our competitors’ technology, usage of our search services might decline, which could cause our revenue to
fall.
Adverse macroeconomic conditions could cause decreases or delays in spending by our advertisers and could harm our ability to generate revenue
and our results of operations.
Advertising expenditures tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns. Since we derive most of our revenue from
advertising, adverse macroeconomic conditions have caused, and future adverse macroeconomic conditions could cause, decreases or delays in advertising
spending and negatively impact our advertising revenue and short-term ability to grow our revenue. Further, any decreased collectability of accounts receivable
or early termination of agreements, whether resulting from customer bankruptcies or othenNise due to adverse macroeconomic conditions, could negatively
impact our results of operations.
Our stock price has been volatile historically and may continue to be volatile regardless of our operating performance.
The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be subject to broad ﬂuctuations. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2016, the
closing sale price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market ranged from $26.76 to $44.71 per share and the closing sale price on
February 10, 2017 was $45.03 per share. Our stock price may ﬂuctuate in response to a number of events and factors, such as variations in quarterly operating
results or announcements of technological innovations, signiﬁcant transactions, or new features, products or services by us or our competitors; changes in
ﬁnancial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts; the operating and stock price performance of, or other developments involving, other
companies that investors may deem comparable to us; trends in our industry; general economic conditions; and the operating performance and market valuation
of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“Alibaba Group”) and Yahoo Japan in which we have investments. Following the closing of the Sale transaction with Verizon,
our stock price will be materially impacted by the operating performance and market valuation of Alibaba Group and Yahoo Japan. The equity valuation of our
investment in Yahoo Japan may be impacted due to ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We present our investment in Alibaba Group on our
consolidated balance sheet as an available-for—sale marketable security. Consequently, the carrying value of this investment on our consolidated balance sheet
will vary over time and fluctuations in its valuation may cause our stock price to ﬂuctuate.
In addition, the stock market in general, and the market prices for companies in our industry, have experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to
operating performance. These broad market and industry ﬂuctuations may adversely affect the price of our stock, regardless of our operating performance. A
decrease in the market price of our common stock would likely adversely impact the trading price of the 0.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 that we
issued in November 2013 (the “Notes”). Volatility or a lack of positive performance in our stock price may also adversely affect our ability to retain key employees
who have been granted stock options or other stock-based awards. A sustained decline in our stock price and market capitalization could lead to an impairment
charge to our long-lived assets.
33