Table,0f,C,0ntents
Legal Contingencies
Patent Matters. From time to time, third parties assert patent infringement claims against the Company. Currently, the Company is engaged in lawsuits
regarding patent issues and has been notiﬁed of other potential patent disputes.
Stockholder and Securities Matters. On April 22, 2015, a stockholder action captioned Cathy Buch v. David Filo, et al ., was ﬁled in the Delaware Court of
Chancery against the Company and certain of its current and former directors. The complaint asserts both derivative claims, purportedly on behalf of Yahoo, and
class action claims, purportedly on behalf of the plaintiff and all similarly situated stockholders, relating to the termination of, and severance payments made to,
the Company’s former chief operating ofﬁcer, Henrique de Castro. The plaintiff claims that certain current and former board members allegedly violated or
acquiesced in the violation of the Company’s Bylaws when Mr. de Castro was terminated without cause, and breached fiduciary duties by allowing Yahoo to
make allegedly false and misleading statements regarding the value of his severance. The plaintiff has also asserted claims against Mr. de Castro. The plaintiff
seeks to have the full Board reassess the propriety of terminating Mr. de Castro without cause, potentially leading to disgorgement in favor of the Company of
the severance paid to Mr. de Castro, an equitable accounting, monetary damages, declaratory relief, injunctive relief, and an award of attorneys’ fees and costs.
The Company and the individual defendants ﬁled a motion to dismiss the action, which the Court denied in part and granted in part on July 27, 2016.
On January 27, 2016, a stockholder action captioned UCFW Local 1500 Pension Fund v. Marissa Mayer, et al ., was ﬁled in the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of California against the Company, and certain current and former ofﬁcers and directors of the Company. On April 29, 2016, the plaintiff ﬁled an
amended complaint. The amended complaint asserts derivative claims, purportedly on behalf of Yahoo, for violations of the Investment Company Act of 1940,
breach of ﬁduciary duty, unjust enrichment, violations of Delaware General Corporation Law Section 124, and violations of California Business & Professions
Code Section 17200. The amended complaint seeks to rescind Yahoo’s employment contracts with the individual defendants because those defendants
allegedly caused Yahoo to illegally operate as an unregistered investment company. The plaintiff seeks disgorgement in favor of Yahoo, rescission, and an
award of attorneys’ fees and costs. In addition, the amended complaint asserts a direct claim against Yahoo for alleged violation of Delaware General
Corporation Law Section 124(1), based on the allegation that Yahoo has illegally operated as an unregistered investment company. Pursuant to this claim, the
plaintiff seeks injunctive relief preventing Yahoo from entering into any future contracts, including any contracts to sell its assets. On October 19, 2016, the
District Court dismissed the amended complaint, with leave to amend. On November 18, 2016, the plaintiff ﬁled a second amended complaint seeking
substantially the same relief as it did in the amended complaint. On February 10, 2017, the District Court dismissed the second amended complaint with
prejudice.
On January 24, 2017, a stockholder action captioned Madrack v. Yahoo! Inc., et al. , was ﬁled in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
against the Company and certain of its current ofﬁcers. The plaintiff purports to represent a class of investors who purchased or othenNise acquired the
Company’s stock between November 12, 2013 and December 14, 2016. The complaint asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint alleges that the Company’s public disclosures about its business, operations, and compliance policies were materially
misleading in light of the Security Incidents discussed under “Security Incidents Contingencies” below. The complaint seeks class certiﬁcation, damages,
interest, and an award of attorneys’ fees and costs.
On February 9, 2017, a stockholder derivative action captioned The LR Trust, et al. v. Marissa Mayer, et al ., was ﬁled in the Superior Court of California for the
County of Santa Clara. The complaint asserts
147