Table,0f,C,0ntents
intangible asset with its carrying amount is performed. The Company estimates the fair value of indeﬁnite-lived purchased intangible assets using an income
approach. Measurement of any impairment losses on both definite-lived and indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets are based on the excess of the carrying value of
the asset over its fair value.
As a result of the impairment testing performed in the fourth quarter of 2015, the entire carrying value of the indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets were fully impaired
as of December 31, 2015, and the Company did not purchase any indeﬁnite-lived intangibles during 2016. As of December 31, 2016, the Company only had
deﬁnite-lived intangible assets.
2016 Testing
During the second quarter of 2016, the Company reviewed its Tumblr asset group for impairment as there were events and changes in circumstances that
indicated that the carrying value of the long-lived assets may not be recoverable. As a result, the Company performed a quantitative test comparing the fair value
of the Tumblr long-lived assets with the carrying amounts and recorded a partial impairment charge of $87 million associated with its deﬁnite-lived intangible
assets, which were included within customer, afﬁliate, and advertiser related relationships and tradenames, trademarks, and domain names in the Americas
segment.
In the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company reviewed its definite-lived intangible assets for impairment. No impairment was identiﬁed for deﬁnite—lived intangibles.
2015 Testing
In the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company reviewed both deﬁnite-lived and indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets for impairment. No impairment was identiﬁed for
deﬁnite-lived intangibles. For indeﬁnite-lived intangibles, the Company performed a quantitative test comparing the fair value of the indeﬁnite-lived intangible
assets with their carrying amount and recorded an impairment charge of $15 million related to certain indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets in the EMEA segment. As
a result, the entire carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets was fully impaired as of December 31, 2015.
Note 7 Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Yahoo! Inc. Common
Stockholders Per Share
Basic and diluted net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc. common stockholders per share is computed using the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during the period, excluding net income attributable to participating securities (restricted stock units granted under the Directors’ Stock Plan
(the “Directors’ Plan”)). Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares and, if dilutive, potential common
shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares are calculated using the treasury stock method and consist of unvested restricted stock and
shares underlying unvested restricted stock units, the incremental common shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options, and shares to be purchased
under the 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “Employee Stock Purchase Plan”). The Company calculates potential tax windfalls and shortfalls by
including the impact of deferred tax assets.
The Company takes into account the effect on consolidated net income (loss) per share of dilutive securities of entities in which the Company holds equity
interests that are accounted for using the equity method.
136