Table,0f,C,ontents
existing security incident response protocols related to the 2014 Security Incident, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures for each of the annual and
quarterly periods ended December 31, 2014 through September 30, 2016 were not effective at the end of each such period. When the Company’s principal
executive ofﬁcer and principal ﬁnancial ofﬁcer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective for each of the annual and quarterly periods
ended December 31, 2014 through September 30, 2016, such conclusions were based on such persons’ knowledge at the time of certiﬁcation.
The Company is in the process of remediating deﬁciencies in its existing disclosure controls and procedures related to its security incident response protocols
consistent with the Independent Committee’s recommendations described in Item 7—“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations—Security Incidents,” including revising the design of its technical and legal information security incident response protocols to ensure that
material information about cybersecurity incidents we are required to disclose in reports ﬁled or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods speciﬁed in the SEC’s rules and forms.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as deﬁned in Rules 13a—15(f) and
15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including its principal executive ofﬁcer and
principal ﬁnancial ofﬁcer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over ﬁnancial reporting based on criteria established in
the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework).
Based on this evaluation, the Company’s management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2016.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
The Company’s independent registered public accounting ﬁrm has issued an attestation report regarding its assessment of the Company’s internal control over
ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, which appears on page 93.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There have been no changes in Yahoo’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting (as such term is deﬁned in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting.
Item QB. Other Information
The information under “Item 7—“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Security Incidents—Management
Changes” with respect to the resignation of the Company’s General Counsel is incorporated herein by reference.
171