Table,0f,C,0ntents
For originally developed content, the Company performs regular recoverability assessments on a program-by—program basis. If there are any events or changes
in circumstances indicating that the Company should assess whether the fair value of originally developed content is less than its unamortized costs, the
Company performs a fair value analysis using an expected cash ﬂow approach. The amount by which the unamortized costs of the originally developed content
exceed estimated fair value is charged to expense as an asset impairment. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recorded an asset
impairment charge of $16 million related to originally developed content.
For acquired content, the Company compares the net realizable value on a program-by—program basis with the unamortized cost. The amount by which the
unamortized costs of the acquired content exceed net realizable value is charged to expense as an asset impairment. During the year ended December 31 ,
2015, the Company recorded an asset impairment charge of $28 million related to acquired content, primarily driven by a reduction of forecasted revenues to be
generated from advertising on Yahoo Properties.
Investments in Equity Interests. Investments in the common stock of entities in which the Company can exercise signiﬁcant inﬂuence but does not own a
majority equity interest or othenNise control are accounted for using the equity method and are included as investments in equity interests on the consolidated
balance sheets. The Company records its share of the results of these companies one quarter in arrears within earnings in equity interests in the consolidated
statements of operations. Investments in privately held equity interests in which the Company cannot exercise signiﬁcant inﬂuence are accounted for using the
cost method of accounting.
The Company reviews its investments for other-than-temporary impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of the investment may not be fully recoverable. Investments identified as having an indication of impairment are subject to further analysis to determine if
the impairment is other-than-temporary and this analysis requires estimating the fair value of the investment. The determination of fair value of the investment
involves considering factors such as the stock prices of public companies in which the Company has an equity investment, current economic and market
conditions, the operating performance of the companies including current earnings trends and forecasted cash flows, and other company and industry specific
information.
Leasing. The Company leases ofﬁce space and data centers under operating leases and certain data center equipment under capital lease agreements with
original lease periods up to 15 years. Assets acquired under capital leases are amortized over the lesser of the useful life of the asset or the lease term. For the
years ended December 31, 2014, 2015, and 2016, the Company expensed $5 million, $4 million, and $3 million of interest related to capital leases, respectively,
which approximated the cash payments made for interest. As of December 31 , 2015 and 2016, the Company had net capital lease obligations included in other
short-term and long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets of $33 million and $23 million, respectively. Certain of the operating lease agreements
contain rent holidays and rent escalation provisions. For purposes of recognizing these lease incentives on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, the
Company uses the date that the Company has the right to control the asset to begin rent expense. Lease renewal periods are considered on a
lease-by—lease basis and are generally not included in the period of straight-line recognition of rent expense.
The Company establishes assets and liabilities for the estimated construction costs incurred under build—to—suit lease arrangements to the extent the Company is
involved in the construction of structural improvements or take construction risk prior to commencement of a lease. Upon the right to control the facilities under
build-to-suit leases, the Company assesses whether these arrangements
106