Table,0f,C,0ntents
unit approximated its carrying value. As such, any significant unfavorable changes in the forecast would result in the fair value being less than the carrying value.
Subsequent to the annual goodwill impairment assessment performed as of October 31, 2015, we continued to monitor actual performance of our reporting
units. During the three months ended June 30, 2016, we determined that there were indicators present to suggest that it was more likely than not that the fair
value of the Tumblr reporting unit was less than its carrying amount. The signiﬁcant changes for the Tumblr reporting unit subsequent to the annual goodwill
impairment test performed as of October 31, 2015 included a decline in the 2016 and beyond forecasted revenue, operating income and cash flows.
In determining the fair value of the Tumblr reporting unit, we used the following assumptions:
- Expected cash ﬂows underlying our business plans for the periods 2016 through 2027.
- Cash ﬂows beyond 2026 are projected to grow at a perpetual growth rate.
- In order to risk adjust the cash ﬂow projections in determining fair value, we utilized a discount rate of 15 percent.
We recorded goodwill impairment charges of $395 million in the Tumblr reporting unit during the second quarter of 2016.
It is reasonably possible that future changes in judgments, assumptions and estimates we made in assessing the fair value of goodwill could cause us to
consider some portion or all of the remaining goodwill of the Tumblr reporting unit to become impaired, which comprised $124 million of our remaining
$416 million goodwill balance as of December 31, 2016. In addition, a future decline in market conditions and/or changes in our market share could negatively
impact the estimated future cash ﬂows and discount rates used in the income approach to determine the fair value of the reporting unit and could result in an
impairment charge in the foreseeable future.
See “Operating Costs and Expenses—Goodwill Impairment Charge” for additional goodwill impairment information for the years ended December 31, 2014,
2015, and 2016 and also Note 5—“Goodwill” in the Notes to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
Long-lived Assets. We amortize long-lived assets, including property and equipment and intangible assets, over their estimated useful lives. Identiﬁable long—
lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Determination of
recoverability is based on the lowest level of identiﬁable estimated undiscounted future cash ﬂows resulting from use of the asset and its eventual disposition.
Measurement of any impairment loss is based on the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its fair value. Fair value is determined based on the lowest
level of identiﬁable estimated future cash ﬂows using discount rates determined by our management to be commensurate with the risk inherent in our business
model. Our estimates of future cash ﬂows attributable to our long-lived assets require signiﬁcant judgment based on our historical and anticipated results and are
subject to many factors. Different assumptions and judgments such as revenue growth rates and operating margins, the estimation of the useful life over which
the undiscounted cash ﬂows will occur, and the terminal value of the asset group at the end of that useful life could materially affect estimated future cash ﬂows
relating to our long—lived assets which could trigger impairment. We recorded intangible assets impairment charges of $87 million associated with Tumblr during
the second quarter of 2016. See “Operating Costs and Expenses—Asset Impairment Charge” and “Intangible Assets Impairment Charge” and Note 6
—“Intangible Assets, Net” in the Notes to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements in the Notes to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
Investments in Equity Interests. We account for investments in the common stock of entities in which we have the ability to exercise signiﬁcant inﬂuence but
do not own a majority equity interest
87