Table,0f,C,0ntents
As of December 31, 2016, there was $497 million of unamortized stock—based compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock and restricted stock
units, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.3 years.
The total fair value of restricted stock awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2015, and 2016 was $415 million, $502 million, and
$470 million, respectively.
During the year ended December 31, 2016, 14 million shares that were subject to previously granted restricted stock units vested. These vested restricted stock
awards were net share settled. The Company withheld 5 million shares based upon the Company’s closing stock price on the vesting date, to satisfy the
Company’s tax withholding obligation relating to the employees’ minimum statutory obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes. The
Company then remitted cash to the appropriate taxing authorities.
Total payments for the employees’ tax obligations to the relevant taxing authorities were $209 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 and are reﬂected as
a ﬁnancing activity within the consolidated statements of cash ﬂows. The payments were used for tax withholdings related to the net share settlements of
restricted stock units. The payments had the effect of share repurchases by the Company as they reduced the number of shares that would have othen/vise been
issued on the vesting date and were recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital.
In 2014, 2015, and 2016, $150 million, $58 million, and $18 million, respectively, of excess tax benefits from stock-based awards for options exercised and
restricted stock awards that vested in current and prior periods were included as a source of cash ﬂows from ﬁnancing activities. These excess tax benefits
represent the reduction in income taxes othen/vise payable during the period, attributable to the actual gross tax benefits in excess of the expected tax benefits
for options exercised and restricted stock awards that vested in current and prior periods. The Company has accumulated excess tax deductions relating to stock
options exercised and restricted stock awards that vested prior to January 1, 2006 available to reduce income taxes othenNise payable. To the extent such
deductions reduce income taxes payable in the current year, they are reported as ﬁnancing activities in the consolidated statements of cash ﬂows.
Performance-Based Executive Incentive Equity Awards
Performance Options. The ﬁnancial performance stock options awarded by the Company in November 2012 to Ms. Mayer and Mr. Goldman include multiple
performance periods. The number of stock options that ultimately vest for each performance period will range from 0 percent to 100 percent of the target amount
for such period stated in each executive’s award agreement based on the Company’s performance relative to goals. The ﬁnancial performance goals are
established at the beginning of each performance period and the portion (or “tranche”) of the award related to each performance period is treated as a separate
grant for accounting purposes. In March 2016, the Compensation Committee established performance goals under these stock options for the 2016 performance
year. The 2016 ﬁnancial performance metrics (and their weightings) under the performance stock options are GAAP revenue (one-third), revenue ex-TAC
(one-third), and adjusted EBITDA (one-third). The grant date fair value of the 2016 tranche of the November 2012 ﬁnancial performance stock options was
$13 million, and is being recognized over the twelve-month service period. The Company began recording stock—based compensation expense for this tranche in
March 2016, when the ﬁnancial performance goals were established.
Performance RSUs. In March 2016, the Compensation Committee approved additional annual ﬁnancial performance-based RSU awards to Ms. Mayer and
other senior ofﬁcers, and established the 2016 annual performance goals for these awards as well as for the similar performance-based RSUs
155