Table,0f,C,ontents
Paid Clicks on Afﬁliate sites and Yahoo Properties, including on desktop, due to a decline in trafﬁc. The increase in Price-per—Click was due to a mix shift toward
Yahoo Properties and higher monetizing Afﬁliate clicks, which resulted from a signiﬁcant reduction in lower monetizing Afﬁliate clicks. Search click-driven
revenue declined 14 percent for the year ended December 31, 2016, as compared to the same period of 2015, driven by the decline in trafﬁc on Yahoo
Properties and Afﬁliate sites.
For the year ended December 31, 2015, Paid Clicks increased 6 percent and Price-per—Click increased 2 percent, compared to 2014. The increase in Paid Clicks
for the year ended December 31, 2015 was primarily attributable to an increase in Paid Clicks on Yahoo Properties in the Americas segment, attributable to our
agreements with Mozilla and other distribution partners, partially offset by a decline in Paid Clicks from Afﬁliate and Yahoo trafﬁc. The increase in
Price-per—Click for year ended December 31, 2015 was attributable to a higher mix of trafﬁc from the Americas segment, which is higher monetizing as compared
to other segments, as well as improved pricing from Afﬁliate trafﬁc. Improvements in the search metrics resulted in year—over—year growth of 9 percent in search
click—driven revenue for the year ended December 31, 2015.
Display Metrics
For the year ended December 31, 2016, number of Ads Sold increased 4 percent and Price-per-Ad decreased 8 percent, compared to 2015. The increase in
number of Ads Sold was primarily due to an increase in native and audience Ads Sold, partially offset by a decline in premium Ads Sold. Native ad units
represented approximately 46 percent of total Ads Sold for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to 44 percent of total Ads Sold for the year ended
December 31, 2015. Native Ads Sold grew primarily due to our syndication (third-party, afﬁliate) business and an increase in native Ads Sold internationally. The
decrease in Price-per—Ad was primarily due to a decline in overall pricing of premium, video and native Ads Sold, partially offset by an increase in pricing of
audience Ads Sold on both Yahoo Properties and Afﬁliate sites.
For the year ended December 31, 2015, number of Ads Sold increased 12 percent and Price-per-Ad increased 2 percent, compared to 2014. The increase in
Ads Sold year—over—year for the year ended December 31, 2015 was attributable to an increase in native and video ad units sold which was partially offset by a
decline in premium ad units sold. The increase in native ad units sold was primarily attributable to growth internationally and growth in our network of mobile
apps. Native ad units represented approximately 44 percent of total Ads Sold for the year ended December 31, 2015, as compared to 31 percent of total Ads
Sold for the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase in Price-per-Ad was due to improved pricing for native advertising and video representing a larger
share of the inventory mix, partially offset by a shift in the mix of Ads Sold from premium advertising to native advertising.
Operating Costs and Expenses
Cost of Revenue— TAC
Cost of revenue—TAC consists of payments made to third-party entities that have integrated our advertising offerings into their websites or other offerings and
payments made to companies that direct consumer and business trafﬁc to Yahoo Properties. We enter into agreements of varying duration that involve TAC.
There are generally two economic structures of the Afﬁliate agreements: (i) variable payments based on a percentage of our revenue or based on a certain
metric, such as number of searches or paid clicks, or (ii) ﬁxed payments with or without a guaranteed minimum amount of trafﬁc delivered. We expense TAC
under two different methods. Agreements based on a percentage of revenue, number of searches, or other metrics are expensed based on the volume of the
underlying activity or revenue multiplied by the agreed—upon price or rate. Agreements with fixed
59