Table,0f,C,0ntents
7 I‘. “A ’ I I I I I I I 7
Item 7. Management 5 DISCUSSIOh and Analysrs of Fmancral Condition and
Results of Operations
Overview
Yahoo! Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries (“Yahoo,” the “Company,” “we,” or “us”), is a guide to digital information discovery, focused on informing,
connecting, and entertaining our users through our search, communications, and digital content products. By creating highly personalized experiences, we help
users discover the information that matters most to them around the world—on mobile or desktop. We create value for advertisers with a streamlined, simple
advertising technology that leverages Yahoo’s data, content, and technology to connect advertisers with their target audiences. Advertisers can build their
businesses through advertising to targeted audiences on our online properties and services (“Yahoo Properties”) and a distribution network of third party entities
(“Affiliates”) who integrate our advertising offerings into their websites or other offerings (“Afﬁliate sites”). Our revenue is generated principally from search and
display advertising. We continue to manage and measure our business geographically, principally in the Americas, EMEA (Europe, Middle East, and Africa), and
Asia Pacific.
In the following Management’s Discussion and Analysis, we provide information regarding the following areas:
- Recent Developments;
- Signiﬁcant Transactions;
- Key Financial Metrics;
- Results of Operations;
- Segment Reporting;
- Liquidity and Capital Resources;
- Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates; and
- Recent Accounting Pronouncements.
Recent Developments
Pending Sale of the Operating Business to Verizon Communications Inc.
On July 23, 2016, we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the “Original Stock Purchase Agreement”) with Verizon Communications Inc. (“Verizon”),
pursuant to which we have agreed to sell, and Verizon has agreed to purchase (the “Sale”), all of the outstanding shares of Yahoo Holdings, Inc., a newly formed
wholly-owned subsidiary of Yahoo (“Yahoo Holdings”) (and prior to the sale of Yahoo Holdings, to cause Yahoo Holdings to sell to a foreign subsidiary of Verizon
all of the equity interests in a foreign subsidiary of Yahoo Holdings that will hold certain foreign subsidiaries relating to our operating business), which,
immediately prior to the consummation of the Sale, will own our operating business. Under the Original Stock Purchase Agreement, the aggregate consideration
to be paid to us by Verizon in connection with the Sale was $4,825,800,000 in cash, subject to certain adjustments as provided in the Original Stock Purchase
Agreement.
Concurrently with the execution of the Original Stock Purchase Agreement, we entered into a Reorganization Agreement (the “Original Reorganization
Agreement”) with Yahoo Holdings,
43