Table,0f,C,0ntents
- Advertising networks, exchanges, demand side and supply side platforms, and traditional media companies, with which we compete for a share of
advertisers’ marketing budgets and in the development of the tools and systems for managing and optimizing advertising campaigns.
- Companies that provide analytics, monetization and marketing tools for mobile and desktop developers.
- In a number of international markets, especially those in Asia, Europe, Middle East and Latin America, we face substantial competition from local Internet
service providers and other entities that offer search, communications, and other commercial services and often have a competitive advantage due to
dominant market share in their territories, greater local brand recognition, focus on a single market, familiarity with local tastes and preferences, or greater
regulatory and operational flexibility.
As we introduce new products and our existing products evolve, we may become subject to additional competition.
We believe our principal competitive strengths relating to attracting users include the usefulness, accessibility, integration, and personalization of the online
services that we offer; the quality, personalization, and presentation of our search results; and the overall user experience on our premium properties. Our
principal competitive strengths relating to attracting advertisers and publishers are the reach, effectiveness, and efﬁciency of our marketing services as well as
the creativity of the marketing solutions that we offer.
Additional information regarding competition is included in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by
reference.
Intellectual Property
We create, own, and maintain a wide array of intellectual property assets that we believe are among our most valuable assets. Our intellectual property assets
include patents and patent applications related to our innovations, products and services; trademarks related to our brands, products and services; copyrights in
software and creative content; trade secrets; and other intellectual property rights and licenses of various kinds. We seek to protect our intellectual property
assets through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and laws of the U.S. and other countries, and through contractual provisions. We enter into
conﬁdentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, and utilize non-disclosure agreements with third parties with whom we
conduct business in order to secure and protect our proprietary rights and to limit access to, and disclosure of, our proprietary information. We consider the
Yahoo! trademark and our many related company brands to be among our most valuable assets, and we have registered these trademarks in the U.S. and other
countries throughout the world and actively seek to protect them. We have licensed in the past, and expect that we may license in the future, certain of our
technology and proprietary rights, such as trademark, patent, copyright, and trade secret rights, to third parties. In addition, Excalibur, our wholly owned
subsidiary, owns a portfolio of patent assets that are not core to our operating business (the “Excalibur lP Assets”). Upon completion of the Sale transaction with
Verizon, (i) Excalibur will remain an asset of Altaba Inc, and (ii) Verizon will receive, for its beneﬁt and that of its current and certain of its future afﬁliates, a
non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free license to the Excalibur IP Assets.
Additional information regarding certain risks related to our intellectual property is included in Part |, Item 1A “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10—K
and is incorporated herein by reference.
12