Table,of,C,ontents
The Directors’ Plan provides for the grant of nonqualified stock options and restricted stock units to non—employee directors of the Company. The Directors’ Plan
provides for the issuance of up to 9 million shares of the Company’s common stock, of which approximately 4 million were still available for award grant
purposes as of December 31,2016. Each share of the Company’s common stock issued in settlement of restricted stock units granted after the Company’s 2006
annual meeting of shareholders under the Directors’ Plan is counted as 1.75 shares against the Directors’ Plan’s share limit.
Options granted under the Directors’ Plan before May 25, 2006 generally become exercisable, based on continued service as a director, for initial grants to new
directors, in equal monthly installments over four years, and for annual grants, with 25 percent of such options vesting on the one year anniversary of the date of
grant and the remaining options vesting in equal monthly installments over the remaining 36-month period thereafter. Such options generally expire seven to 10
years after the grant date. Options granted on or after May 25, 2006 become exercisable, based on continued service as a director, in equal quarterly
installments over one year. Such options generally expire seven years after the grant date.
Restricted stock units granted under the Directors’ Plan generally vest in equal quarterly installments over a one-year period following the date of grant and,
once vested, are generally payable in an equal number of shares of the Company’s common stock on the earlier of the end of the one-year vesting period or the
date the director ceases to be a member of the Board (subject to any deferral election that may be made by the director).
Non-employee directors are also permitted to elect an award of restricted stock units or a stock option under the Directors’ Plan in lieu of a cash payment of their
quarterly Board retainer and any cash fees for serving on committees of the Board. Such stock options or restricted stock unit awards granted in lieu of cash fees
are fully vested on the grant date.
From time to time, the Company also assumes stock-based awards in connection with corporate mergers and acquisitions, which awards become payable in
shares of the Company’s common stock.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan . During the ﬁrst quarter of 2015, the Company discontinued the offering of the Employee Stock Purchase Plan to its
employees. The Employee Stock Purchase Plan allowed employees to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock through payroll deductions of up to
15 percent of their compensation subject to certain Internal Revenue Code limitations. The price of the common stock purchased under the plan was equal to
90 percent of the lower of the fair market value of the common stock on the commencement date of each three-month offering period or the speciﬁed purchase
date.
For the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2015 stock—based compensation expense related to the activity under the plan was $12 million and $2 million,
respectively.
152