Table,0f,C,0ntents
(loss), net of tax. See Note 2—“Marketable Securities, Investments and Fair Value Disclosures” and the consolidated statements of comprehensive income
(loss) for additional information. The Company does not currently intend to sell its shares of Alibaba Group in response to changes in the market price of the
shares.
Technology and Intellectual Property License Agreement. As a result of the Alibaba Group IPO, Alibaba Group’s obligation to make royalty payments
under the TlPLA ceased on September 24, 2014 and the Company’s recognition of the remaining TlPLA deferred revenue was completed on September 18,
2015. The Company recognized approximately $281 million and $199 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2015, respectively, related to the
TlPLA.
Note 9 Foreign Currency Derivative Financial Instruments
The Company uses derivative ﬁnancial instruments, primarily fonNard contracts (and previously including option contracts), to mitigate risk associated with
adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates.
The Company records all derivatives in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value, with assets included in prepaid expenses and other current assets or other
long-term assets, and liabilities included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities or other long-term liabilities. The Company’s accounting treatment for
these instruments is based on whether or not the instruments are designated as a hedging instrument. The effective portions of net investment hedges are
recorded in other comprehensive income (expense) as a part of the cumulative translation adjustment. The effective portions of cash ﬂow hedges are recorded
in accumulated other comprehensive income until the hedged item is recognized in revenue on the consolidated statements of operations when the underlying
hedged revenue is recognized. Any ineffective portions of net investment hedges and cash ﬂow hedges are recorded in other income (expense), net on the
Company’s consolidated statements of operations. For balance sheet hedges, changes in the fair value are recorded in other income (expense), net on the
Company’s consolidated statements of operations.
The Company has master netting arrangements, which are designed to reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of foreign exchange contracts with the
same counterparty, subject to applicable requirements. The Company presents its derivative assets and liabilities at their gross fair values on the consolidated
balance sheets. The Company is not required to pledge, and is not entitled to receive, cash collateral related to these derivative transactions.
Designated as Hedging Instruments
Net Investment Hedges. The Company currently hedges, on an after-tax basis, a portion of its net investment in Yahoo Japan with fonNard contracts to
reduce the risk that its investment in Yahoo Japan will be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. The total of the after-tax net
investment hedge was less than the Yahoo Japan investment balance as of both December 31, 2015 and 2016. As such, the net investment hedge was
considered to be effective.
Cash Flow Hedges. The Company entered into foreign currency fonNard contracts designated as cash ﬂow hedges of varying maturities through January 31,
2017. The cash flow hedges were considered to be effective as of December 31, 2014, 2015, and 2016. All of the fon/vard contracts designated as cash ﬂow
hedges that were settled were reclassiﬁed to revenue within ﬁscal years 2014, 2015 and 2016, and the Company recognized the hedge forecasted revenue
related to these contacts as of December 31, 2014, 2015, and 2016. These trades were de-designated as of December 31, 2016 and all current outstanding
cash flow hedges have been reclassiﬁed into revenue
140