Table,0f,C,ontents
During the year ended December 31, 2016, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $395 million, which was a result of the interim impairment analysis
performed in the second quarter of 2016 related to our Tumblr reporting unit, as discussed above. We did not have any goodwill impairment as a result of the
annual impairment test performed as of October 31, 2016.
During 2015, we recorded a $4,461 million goodwill impairment charge. The impairments were a result of a combination of factors, including a sustained
decrease in our market capitalization in the fourth quarter of 2015 and lower estimated projected revenue and proﬁtability in the near term. We concluded that
the carrying value of our U.S. & Canada, Europe, Tumblr, and Latin America reporting units exceeded their respective estimated fair values and recorded a
goodwill impairment charge of approximately $3,692 million, $531 million, $230 million and $8 million, respectively.
During 2014, we recorded an $88 million goodwill impairment charge for the Middle East and India & Southeast Asia reporting units. The impairment resulted
from a decline in business conditions in the Middle East and India & Southeast Asia during the latter half of 2014.
It is reasonably possible that future changes in judgments, assumptions and estimates we made in assessing the fair value of goodwill could cause us to
consider some portion or all of the remaining goodwill of the Tumblr reporting unit to become impaired. For example, a future decline in market conditions,
changes in our market share, and/or other factors could negatively impact the estimated future cash ﬂows and discount rates used in the income approach to
determine the fair value of the Tumblr reporting unit and could result in one or more additional impairment charges in the future.
See Note 5—“Goodwill” in the Notes to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements and “Critical Accounting Policies— Goodwill” within Management’s Discussion and
Analysis for additional information.
Intangible Assets Impairment Charge
The following table presents intangible assets impairment charge and those charges as a percentage of revenue for the periods presented (dollars in
thousandsy
Years Ended December 31,
2014 2015 2016
intangible assets impairment charge $ — $15,423 $81,335 I
Intangible assets impairment charge as a percentage of revenue 0% 0% 2%
During the second quarter of 2016, we reviewed our Tumblr asset group for impairment as there were events and changes in circumstances that indicated that
the carrying value of the long—lived assets may not be recoverable. As a result, we performed a quantitative test comparing the fair value of the Tumblr long-lived
assets with the carrying amounts and recorded an impairment charge of $87 million during the second quarter of 2016 associated with its deﬁnite-lived intangible
assets, which were included within customer, afﬁliate, and advertiser related relationships and tradenames, trademarks, and domain names.
In the fourth quarter of 2015, we reviewed both deﬁnite-lived and indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets for impairment. No impairment was identiﬁed for deﬁnite-lived
intangibles. For indeﬁnite-lived intangibles, we performed a quantitative test comparing the fair value of the indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets with their carrying
amount and recorded an impairment charge of $15 million related to certain indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets in the EMEA segment.
65