Table,0f,C,0ntents
Under the terms of the Settlement and Release Agreement, among other things, Verizon released certain claims, subject to certain exceptions, it (and its
afﬁliates and representatives) may have against the Company (or its afﬁliates and representatives) relating to certain data security incidents and other data
breaches incurred by the Company.
Upon completion of the Sale, Verizon will also receive for its beneﬁt and that of its current and certain of its future affiliates, a non—exclusive, worldwide,
perpetual, royalty-free license to certain intellectual property not core to the operating business held by Excalibur lP, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company (“Excalibur”), that is not being transferred to Yahoo Holdings with the operating business.
The excluded assets include our cash and marketable securities as of the closing of the Sale, our shares in Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“Alibaba Group”) and
Yahoo Japan Corporation (“Yahoo Japan”), certain other minority equity investments, and all of the equity in Excalibur. The retained liabilities will include the
0.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 (“Notes”) we issued in November 2013, securityholder litigation, certain director and ofﬁcer indemniﬁcation
obligations, and, pursuant to the RA Amendment, 50 percent of certain post—closing cash liabilities related to certain data security incidents and other data
breaches incurred by Yahoo. Following the closing of the Sale, the excluded assets and retained liabilities will remain in Yahoo which will be renamed Altaba Inc.
and will become an independent, publicly traded, management investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
The closing of the Sale is subject to certain conditions, including, among others, the approval of the Sale by our stockholders, the closing of the Reorganization,
and certain other customary closing conditions.
For additional detail, refer to “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this Annual Report on Form
10-K.
User Offerings
Yahoo is focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users with our search (Yahoo Search), communications (including Yahoo Mail and Yahoo
Messenger), and digital content products (including Tumblr, and our four core verticals: Yahoo News, Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Finance, and Yahoo Lifestyle).
Our user offerings include:
Search
Yahoo Search serves as a guide for users to discover the information on the Internet that matters to them the most. In 2016, Yahoo continued to invest in
platform enhancements; in acquiring new users through default search set and home page sets through our network and through partners; and in building out
compelling search experiences for major events, such as the Summer Olympics and the 2016 US. Presidential election.
We plan to continue investing in a differentiated mobile and desktop search experience by allocating additional resources to develop new search advertising
technology through our Yahoo Gemini platform that provides personalized, commercial results for the user and anticipates the user’s needs.
Under our Search and Advertising Services and Sales Agreement (“Search Agreement”) with Microsoft Corporation (“Microsoft”), Microsoft provides algorithmic
and paid search advertising
6