Table,0f,C,0ntents
Yahoo! Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1 The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Polimes
The Company. Yahoo! Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries (“Yahoo” or the “Company”), is a guide to digital information discovery, focused on
informing, connecting, and entertaining users through its search, communications, and digital content products. By creating highly personalized experiences, the
Company helps users discover the information that matters most to them around the world—on mobile or desktop. The Company creates value for advertisers
with a streamlined, simple advertising technology that leverages Yahoo’s data, content, and technology to connect advertisers with their target audiences.
Advertisers can build their businesses through advertising to targeted audiences on the Company’s online properties and services (“Yahoo Properties”) and a
distribution network of third party entities (“Afﬁliates”) who integrate the Company’s advertising offerings into their websites or other offerings (“Afﬁliate sites”).
The Company’s revenue is generated principally from search and display advertising. The Company manages and measures its business geographically,
principally in the Americas, EMEA (Europe, Middle East, and Africa) and Asia Paciﬁc.
Basis of Presentation. The consolidated ﬁnancial statements include the accounts of Yahoo! Inc. and its majority-owned or othen/vise controlled subsidiaries.
All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Investments in entities in which the Company can exercise significant inﬂuence, but does not
own a majority equity interest or othenNise control, are accounted for using the equity method and are included as investments in equity interests on the
consolidated balance sheets. The Company has included the results of operations of acquired companies from the date of the acquisition.
The preparation of consolidated ﬁnancial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) in the United States (“US”) requires
management to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses and the related
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including those related to revenue, the useful lives of
long-lived assets including property and equipment and intangible assets, investment fair values, originally developed content, acquired content, stock-based
compensation, goodwill, income taxes, contingencies, and restructuring charges. The Company bases its estimates of the carrying value of certain assets and
liabilities on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, when these carrying values are
not readily available from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Concentration of Risk. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentration of credit and equity price risk consist primarily
of cash equivalents, marketable securities (including Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“Alibaba Group”) and Hortonworks, lnc. (“Hortonworks”) equity securities,
as well as our portfolio of marketable debt securities), accounts receivable, and derivative financial instruments. The primary focus of the Company’s investment
strategy is to preserve capital and meet liquidity requirements. A large portion of the Company’s cash and cash equivalents and short-term and long-term
investments is managed by external managers within the guidelines of the Company’s investment policy. The Company’s investment policy addresses the level
of credit exposure by limiting the concentration in any one corporate issuer or sector and establishing a minimum allowable credit rating. To manage the risk
exposure, the Company maintains its portfolio of cash and cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments in marketable securities, including US.
and foreign government, agency, municipal and highly rated corporate debt obligations and money market funds.
101