Table,0f,C,ontents
goodwill remaining for Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Australia & New Zealand reporting units, which are included in the Asia Paciﬁc operating segment.
2015 Impairment Testing
In 2015, the estimated fair values of the reporting units for all reporting units identiﬁed, except for Tumblr and Latin America, were estimated using a combination
of a market approach and an income approach, giving equal weighting to each. This combination is deemed to be the most indicative of the reporting units’
estimated fair value in an orderly transaction between market participants and is consistent with the methodology used for the goodwill impairment test in prior
years. For the Tumblr reporting unit, the fair value was estimated using an income approach which was deemed to be the most indicative of fair value in an
orderly transaction between market participants. For the Latin America reporting unit, the fair value was estimated using the market approach as the income
approach yielded negative cash ﬂows and was not deemed to be comparable. The forecast and related assumptions were derived from the most recent annual
ﬁnancial forecast for which the planning process commenced in the fourth quarter of 2015. The estimated fair values of the Company’s Taiwan, Hong Kong, and
Australia & New Zealand reporting units exceeded their estimated carrying values and therefore goodwill in those reporting units was not impaired. In 2015, the
carrying value exceeded the fair value for the following reporting units: U.S. & Canada, Europe, Tumblr and Latin America. The Company completed an
assessment of the implied fair value of these reporting units, which resulted in an impairment of all goodwill for the US. & Canada, Europe, and Latin America
reporting units and a partial impairment for the Tumblr reporting unit. The Company recorded goodwill impairment charges of $3,692 million, $531 million,
$230 million and $8 million, associated with the US. & Canada, Europe, Tumblr, and Latin America reporting units, respectively, for the year ended
December 31, 2015. The impairments were a result of a combination of factors, including a sustained decrease in the Company’s market capitalization in fourth
quarter of 2015 and lower estimated projected revenue and proﬁtability in the near term. The lower estimated projected cash ﬂows and higher discount rates
were used to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit affected by such changes.
2014 Impairment Testing
In 2014, as a result of the annual goodwill impairment test, the Company concluded that the carrying value of the Middle East reporting unit, included in the
EMEA reportable segment, and the carrying value of the India & Southeast Asia reporting unit included in the Asia Paciﬁc reportable segment both exceeded
their respective fair values. As required by the second step of the impairment test, the Company performed an allocation of the fair value to all the assets and
liabilities of the reporting unit, including identifiable intangible assets, based on their estimated fair values, to determine the implied fair value of goodwill.
Accordingly, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge related to the Middle East and India & Southeast Asia reporting units of $79 million and
$9 million, respectively, during the quarter ended December 31, 2014 for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill in the reporting unit and its
implied fair value with no goodwill remaining in either reporting unit. The impairment resulted from a decline in business conditions in the Middle East and India &
Southeast Asia during the latter half of 2014.
134