Table,0f,C,0ntents
Sidley Austin LLP, and a forensic expert. The Board has separately been advised by other outside counsel regarding the Security Incidents and
recommendations regarding remedial actions.
Based on its investigation, the Independent Committee concluded that the Company’s information security team had contemporaneous knowledge of the 2014
compromise of user accounts, as well as incidents by the same attacker involving cookie forging in 2015 and 2016. In late 2014, senior executives and relevant
legal staff were aware that a state-sponsored actor had accessed certain user accounts by exploiting the Company’s account management tool. The Company
took certain remedial actions, notifying 26 speciﬁcally targeted users and consulting with law enforcement. While significant additional security measures were
implemented in response to those incidents, it appears certain senior executives did not properly comprehend or investigate, and therefore failed to act
sufﬁciently upon, the full extent of knowledge known internally by the Company’s information security team. Specifically, as of December 2014, the information
security team understood that the attacker had exfiltrated copies of user database backup ﬁles containing the personal data of Yahoo users but it is unclear
whether and to what extent such evidence of exfiltration was effectively communicated and understood outside the information security team. However, the
Independent Committee did not conclude that there was an intentional suppression of relevant information.
Nonetheless, the Committee found that the relevant legal team had sufﬁcient information to warrant substantial further inquiry in 2014, and they did not
sufﬁciently pursue it. As a result, the 2014 Security Incident was not properly investigated and analyzed at the time, and the Company was not adequately
advised with respect to the legal and business risks associated with the 2014 Security Incident. The Independent Committee found that failures in
communication, management, inquiry and internal reporting contributed to the lack of proper comprehension and handling of the 2014 Security Incident. The
Independent Committee also found that the Audit and Finance Committee and the full Board were not adequately informed of the full severity, risks, and
potential impacts of the 2014 Security Incident and related matters.
Actions the Company is Taking in Response to the Independent Committee’s Findings
Based on the Independent Committee’s ﬁndings, the Board has taken the management related actions described below, adopted certain process and structure
changes to address the Company’s issues with respect to the Security Incidents, and taken certain other disciplinary actions.
Management Changes
In response to the Independent Committee’s ﬁndings related to the 2014 Security Incident, the Board determined not to award to the Chief Executive Ofﬁcer a
cash bonus for 2016 that was othen/vise expected to be paid to her. In addition, in discussions with the Board, the Chief Executive Ofﬁcer offered to forgo any
2017 annual equity award given that the 2014 Security Incident occurred during her tenure and the Board accepted her offer.
On March 1, 2017, Ronald S. Bell resigned as the Company’s General Counsel and Secretary and from all other positions with the Company. No payments are
being made to Mr. Bell in connection with his resignation.
Other Remedial Actions
Additionally, in response to the Independent Committee’s ﬁndings and recommendations, the Board has directed the Company to implement or enhance a
number of corrective actions, including revision of its technical and legal information security incident response protocols to help ensure: escalation of
cybersecurity incidents to senior executives and the Board of Directors; rigorous investigation of cybersecurity incidents and engagement of forensic experts as
appropriate; rigorous assessment of
47