Table,0f,C,0ntents
approach based on expected losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of ﬁnancial instruments, including, but not limited to, trade and other receivables,
held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and net investments in leases. The new guidance also modifies the impairment model for available-for—sale debt securities
and requires the entities to determine whether all or a portion of the unrealized loss on an available-for—sale debt security is a credit loss. The standard also
indicates that entities may not use the length of time a security has been in an unrealized loss position as a factor in concluding whether a credit loss exists. The
ASU is effective for public companies for ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those ﬁscal years. Early adoption is
permitted for all entities for ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those ﬁscal years. The Company is currently
evaluating the effects, if any, that the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company’s consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash ﬂows.
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, “Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), a consensus of the FASB’s Emerging Issues Task Force.” The new
guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The ASU is effective for public
companies for ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including interim periods
within those ﬁscal years. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The guidance requires application using a
retrospective transition method. The Company is currently evaluating the effects, if any, that the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company’s
consolidated cash ﬂows.
In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16, “Income Taxes: lntra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory” which amends the accounting for income
taxes. The new guidance requires the recognition of the income tax consequences of an intra-entity asset transfer, other than transfers of inventory, when the
transfer occurs. For intra-entity transfers of inventory, the income tax effects will continue to be deferred until the inventory has been sold to a third party. The
ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The new guidance is required to be applied on a
modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The Company is
currently evaluating the effects, if any, that the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company’s consolidated ﬁnancial position, results of operations and
cash ﬂows.
In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18 “Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Restricted Cash” which provides guidance on the presentation of
restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the statements of cash ﬂows. The new guidance requires restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents to be
included within the cash and cash equivalents balances when reconciling the beginning—of-period and end—of—period amounts shown on the statements of cash
ﬂows. The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the
effects, if any, that the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company’s consolidated cash ﬂows.
In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017—04 “Intangibles—Goodwill and Other (Topic 350), Simplifying the Test for Goodwill lmpairment” which
eliminated Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. In computing the implied fair value of goodwill under Step 2, an entity had to perform procedures to
determine the fair value at the impairment testing date of its assets and liabilities (including unrecognized assets and liabilities) following the procedure that
would be required in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. Instead, under the amendments in this ASU
an entity should perform its annual, or interim, goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An entity should
recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value; however, the loss recognized should not
exceed the total amount of
114