Table,0f,C,ontents
consolidated ﬁnancial statements for additional information. We establish liabilities for tax-related uncertainties based on estimates of whether, and the extent to
which, additional taxes will be due. These liabilities are established when we believe that certain positions might be challenged despite our belief that our tax
return positions are in accordance with applicable tax laws. We adjust these liabilities in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax
audit, new tax legislation, developments in case law or interactions with the tax authorities. To the extent that the ﬁnal tax outcome of these matters is different
than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. The provision for
income taxes includes the effect of liability provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate, as well as the related net interest and penalties.
We record a valuation allowance against certain of our deferred income tax assets if it is more likely than not that those assets will not be realized. In evaluating
our ability to realize our deferred income tax assets we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our operating results, ongoing tax
planning, and forecasts of future taxable income on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. In the event we were to determine that we would be able to realize these
deferred income tax assets in the future, we would make an adjustment to the valuation allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes.
Goodwill. Goodwill is not amortized but is evaluated for impairment annually (as of October 31) or whenever we identify certain triggering events or
circumstances that would more likely than not reduce the estimated fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. Events or circumstances that might
indicate an interim evaluation is warranted include, among other things, unexpected adverse business conditions, regulatory changes, loss of key personnel and
reporting unit and macro-economic factors.
Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is at or one level below our operating segments. We identiﬁed U.S. & Canada, Latin America,
and Tumblr as the reporting units below the Americas operating segment; EMEA is the reporting unit as well as the operating segment; and Taiwan, Hong Kong,
Australia & New Zealand, and India & Southeast Asia as the reporting units below the Asia Paciﬁc operating segment. These operating segments are the same
as our reportable segments.
To test for impairment, we use the two-step quantitative test. The ﬁrst step of the quantitative test involves comparing the estimated fair value of our reporting
units to their carrying values, including goodwill. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step of the quantitative test is
performed by comparing the carrying value of the goodwill in the reporting unit to its implied fair value. An impairment charge is recognized for the excess of the
carrying value of goodwill over its implied fair value.
We use a combination of income and market approaches for valuing the reporting units. Refer to Note 5—“Goodwill” in the Notes to our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements for discussion of the methodologies utilized in 2016, 2015, and 2014 for each reporting unit. The components of these approaches, as outlined
below, require us to make assumptions about the timing and amount of future cash flows, growth rates and discount rates. Signiﬁcant management judgment is
involved in determining these estimates and assumptions, and actual results may differ from those used in valuations. Changes in these estimates and
assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value for each reporting unit which could trigger future impairment.
- Market comparables . We select comparable companies in the speciﬁc regions in which these reporting units operate based on similarity of type of
business, primarily those involved in online advertising, relative size, ﬁnancial proﬁle, and other characteristics of those companies compared
85