Table,0f,C,0ntents
The 2013 Security Incident, the 2014 Security Incident, and the Cookie Forging Activity are collectively referred to herein as the “Security Incidents.” V\ﬁth respect
to each of the Security Incidents, the impacted users and appropriate regulatory and law enforcement agencies have been notiﬁed.
The Company, with the assistance of outside forensic experts, has concluded its investigation of the Security Incidents. The Company continues to work with
US. law enforcement authorities on these matters.
Current and Future Expenses and Losses
We recorded expenses of $16 million related to the Security Incidents in the year ended December 31, 2016, of which $5 million was associated with the
ongoing forensic investigation and remediation activities and $11 million was associated with nonrecurring legal costs. The Security Incidents did not have a
material adverse impact on our business, cash ﬂows, financial condition, or results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2016. However, we have
subsequently incurred additional expenses related to the Security Incidents to investigate and take remedial actions to notify and protect our users and systems,
and expect to continue to incur investigation, remediation, legal, and other expenses associated with the Security Incidents in the foreseeable future. We will
recognize and include these expenses as part of our operating expenses as they are incurred. The Company does not have cybersecurity liability insurance.
Litigation, Claims, and Governmental Investigations
To date, approximately 43 putative consumer class action lawsuits have been ﬁled against the Company in US. federal and state courts, and in foreign courts,
relating to the Security Incidents. The plaintiffs, who purport to represent various classes of users, generally claim to have been harmed by the Company’s
alleged actions and/or omissions in connection with the Security Incidents and assert a variety of common law and statutory claims seeking monetary damages
or other related relief. In addition, a putative stockholder class action has been ﬁled against the Company, and certain current ofﬁcers of the Company, asserting
claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and seeking class certification, unspeciﬁed damages, interest, and an award of
attorney’s fees and costs. Four stockholder derivative actions have also been filed purportedly on behalf of the Company against current and former directors
and ofﬁcers. See Note 12—“Commitments and Contingencies” in the Notes to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements for additional information. Additional lawsuits
and claims related to the Security Incidents may be asserted by or on behalf of users, partners, shareholders, or others seeking damages or other related relief.
In addition, the Company is cooperating with federal, state, and foreign governmental ofﬁcials and agencies seeking information and/or documents about the
Security Incidents and related matters, including the US. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), the US. Federal Trade Commission, the US.
Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York, and two State Attorneys General.
Independent Committee Investigation
As previously disclosed, an independent committee (the “Independent Committee”) of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) has investigated the Security Incidents
and related matters, including the scope of knowledge within the Company in 2014 of access to Yahoo’s network by the state-sponsored actor responsible for
the theft and related incidents, the Company’s internal and external reporting processes and remediation efforts related to the 2014 Security Incident and related
incidents. The Independent Committee has concluded its investigation, although it will continue to review developments regarding the Security Incidents and
report to the Board on these issues, and cooperate with various government entities. The Independent Committee was assisted by independent counsel,
46