Table,0f,C,0ntents
Investment Exposure
We are exposed to investment risk as it relates to changes in the market value of our investments. We have investments in marketable debt securities and equity
instruments of public and private companies. As of the date of the Alibaba Group lPO, we no longer account for our remaining investment in Alibaba Group
using the equity method and no longer record our proportionate share of Alibaba Group’s ﬁnancial results in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements. Instead, we
now reﬂect our remaining investment in Alibaba Group as an available-for—sale equity security on the consolidated balance sheet and adjust the investment to
fair value each quarterly reporting period with changes in fair value recorded within other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. The change in the
classiﬁcation of our investment in Alibaba Group from an equity method investment to an available-for-sale equity security exposes our investment portfolio to
increased equity price risk. The fair value of the equity investment in Alibaba Group will vary over time and is subject to a variety of market risks including:
company performance, macro-economic, regulatory, industry, and systemic risks of the equity markets overall.
The objective of our corporate investment policy is to preserve capital, meet liquidity requirements, and provide a reasonable rate of return. A large portion of our
cash and cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments is managed by external managers according to the guidelines of our corporate investment
policy. We protect and preserve invested funds by limiting default, market, and reinvestment risk. To achieve this objective, we maintain our portfolio of cash and
cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments in a variety of marketable debt securities, including both government and corporate obligations and
money market funds. As of both December 31, 2016 and 2015, net unrealized losses on these investments were $5 million.
A sensitivity analysis was performed on our marketable equity securities portfolio to assess the potential impact of ﬂuctuations in stock price. Hypothetical
declines in stock price of ten percent, twenty percent, and thirty percent were selected based on potential near-term changes in the stock price that could have
an adverse effect on our marketable equity securities portfolio. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the fair value of our marketable equity securities portfolio
was approximately $34 billion and $31 billion, respectively. As of December 31 , 2016, declines in stock prices of ten percent, twenty percent and thirty percent
would result in a $3 billion, $7 billion and $10 billion decline, respectively, in the total value of our marketable equity securities portfolio.
We performed a separate sensitivity analysis on our Hortonworks warrants for which we estimate fair value using the Black-Scholes model. We have held all
other inputs constant and determined the impact of hypothetical declines in stock price of ten percent, twenty percent, and thirty percent, based on potential
near-term changes in the stock price that could have an adverse effect on the fair value of the warrants and result in a loss recorded to the consolidated
statements of operations. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the fair value of the Hortonworks warrants was approximately $29 million and $79 million,
respectively. As of December 31, 2016, declines in stock prices of ten percent, twenty percent and thirty percent would result in a $3 million, $6 million and
$9 million decline, respectively, in the total value of the Hortonworks warrants.
91