Table,0f,C,ontents
cause us to incur additional costs, require us to change business practices in a manner adverse to our business, or affect the manner in which we provide our
services.
The interpretation and application of privacy, data protection, data transfer and data retention laws and regulations are often uncertain and in ﬂux in the United
States and internationally. These laws may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and
practices, complicating long—range business planning decisions. If privacy, data protection, data transfer or data retention laws are interpreted and applied in a
manner inconsistent with our current policies and practices we may be ﬁned or ordered to change our business practices in a manner that adversely impacts our
operating results. Complying with these varying international requirements could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business
practices in a manner adverse to our business and operating results.
We are regularly involved in claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes.
We are regularly involved in claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings arising from the ordinary course of our business, including actions with
respect to intellectual property claims, privacy, consumer protection, information security, data protection or law enforcement matters, tax matters, labor and
employment claims, commercial claims, as well as actions involving content generated by our users, stockholder derivative actions, purported class action and
class action lawsuits, and other matters. Such claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be
predicted with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, such legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management
and other personnel, and other factors. In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in reputational harm, liability,
penalties, or sanctions, as well as judgments, consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services, or
requiring a change in our business practices, products or technologies, which could in the future materially and adversely affect our business, operating results,
and ﬁnancial condition. See Note 12—“Commitments and Contingencies” in the Notes to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
Risks associated with our Search Agreement with Microsoft may adversely affect our business and operating results.
Under our Search Agreement with Microsoft, Microsoft was the exclusive provider of algorithmic and paid search services for Yahoo Properties and Afﬁliate sites
on personal computers and the non-exclusive provider of such services on mobile devices. As of April 15, 2015, Microsoft became the non-exclusive provider of
such services on all devices. Commencing on May 1, 2015, the Company is required to request paid search results from Microsoft for 51 percent of its search
queries originating from personal computers accessing Yahoo Properties and its Afﬁliate sites (the “Volume Commitment”) and will display only Microsoft’s paid
search results on such search result pages. Approximately 37 percent, 35 percent, and 35 percent, of our revenue for 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively, were
attributable to the Microsoft Search Agreement (or approximately 25 percent for 2016 after excluding the impact of the change in revenue presentation related to
the implementation of the Eleventh Amendment to the Microsoft Search Agreement during the second quarter of 2016). Our business and operating results
would be adversely affected by a signiﬁcant decline in or loss of this revenue if we are not able to successfully replace this revenue with revenue from search
results displayed through our Yahoo Gemini platform or our Services Agreement with Google.
As a result of the Volume Commitment, we continue to be dependent on Microsoft continuing to invest and innovate to maintain and improve its algorithmic and
paid search services and to be
19