Table,0f,C,0ntents
Delaware statutes and certain provisions in our charter documents could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us.
Our Board has the authority to issue up to 10 million shares of preferred stock and to determine the price, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions,
including voting rights, of those shares without any further vote or action by the stockholders. The rights of the holders of our common stock may be subject to,
and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. The issuance of preferred stock may have the
effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of Yahoo without further action by the stockholders and may adversely affect the voting and other
rights of the holders of our common stock.
Some provisions of our charter documents, including provisions eliminating the ability of stockholders to take action by written consent and limiting the ability of
stockholders to raise matters at a meeting of stockholders without giving advance notice, may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or
changes in our management, which could have an adverse effect on the market price of our stock and the value of the $1.4375 billion aggregate principal
amount of the Notes we issued in November 2013. In addition, our charter documents do not permit cumulative voting, which may make it more difﬁcult for a
third-party to gain control of our Board. Further, we are subject to the anti-takeover provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which
will prohibit us from engaging in a “business combination” with an “interested stockholder” for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the
person became an interested stockholder, even if such combination is favored by a majority of stockholders, unless the business combination is approved in a
prescribed manner. The application of Section 203 also could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of us.
Any of these provisions could, under certain circumstances, depress the market price of our common stock and the Notes.
Risks Relating to the Notes
The conditional conversion feature of the Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our ﬁnancial condition and operating results.
In the event the conditional conversion feature of the Notes is triggered, holders of Notes will be entitled to convert the Notes at any time during speciﬁed periods
at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common
stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the
payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their Notes, we could be required under applicable
accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material
reduction of our net working capital.
We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Notes in cash or to repurchase the Notes upon a fundamental
change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the Notes.
Holders of the Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change at a repurchase
price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid special interest, if any. We may not have enough available
cash or be able to obtain ﬁnancing at the time we are required to make repurchases of Notes surrendered therefore, or pay cash with respect to Notes being
converted if we elect not to issue shares, which could harm our reputation and affect the trading price of our common stock.
34