Table,0f,C,0ntents
October 9, 2014, and July 24, 2015) which provided for a $750 million unsecured revolving credit facility. The termination of the credit agreement took effect on
May 23, 2016.
We invest excess cash predominantly in marketable debt securities, money market funds, and time deposits that are liquid and highly rated, and our investment
portfolio has an effective maturity of less than one year. Our marketable securities are classiﬁed as available-for—sale and are reported at fair value, with
unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. Realized gains or losses and declines in value judged to be
other-than-temporary, if any, on available-for—sale securities are reported in other income (expense), net. The fair value of securities is determined based on
quoted market prices of the historical underlying security or from readily available pricing sources for the identical underlying securities that may not be actively
traded as of the valuation date. As of December 31, 2016, certain of our marketable securities had a fair value below cost due primarily to the changes in market
rates of interest and yields on these securities. We evaluate these investments periodically for possible other-than-temporary impairment. We have no current
requirement or intent to sell these securities. We expect to recover up to (or beyond) the initial cost of the investment.
We currently hedge a portion of our net investment in Yahoo Japan with fonNard contracts to reduce the risk that our investment in Yahoo Japan will be
adversely affected by foreign currency translation exchange rate ﬂuctuations. The fon/vard contracts are required to be settled in cash and the amount of cash
payment we receive or could be required to pay upon settlement could be material.
While we have evaluated possible acquisitions of, or strategic investments in, businesses, products, and technologies that are complementary to our business in
the past, we do not anticipate pursuing any acquisitions and/or investments that may require the use of cash at this time.
We use cash generated by operations as our primary source of liquidity and believe that existing cash, cash equivalents, and investments in marketable
securities, together with any cash generated from operations, will be sufﬁcient to meet normal operating requirements and capital expenditures for the next
twelve months.
See Note 2—“Marketable Securities, Investments and Fair Value Disclosures” in the Notes to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements for additional information.
Cash Flow Changes
Net cash provided (used in) by operating activities . Cash provided by (used in) operating activities is driven by our net income (loss), adjusted for
non-cash items, working capital changes and dividends received from equity investees. Non—cash adjustments include depreciation, amortization of intangible
assets, accretion of convertible notes discount, stock—based compensation expense, non-cash restructuring charges, non—cash asset impairment charges,
non-cash goodwill impairment charges, non-cash intangible assets impairment charges, non—cash accretion on marketable securities, foreign exchange
gain/loss, gain/loss on sale of assets and other, gain/loss on sale of Hortonworks warrants, tax beneﬁts from stock-based awards, excess tax benefits from
stock-based awards, deferred income taxes, earnings in equity interests, and gain on sale of patents and land.
Cash flows from operating activities for the year ended December 31 , 2016 were driven by a net source of cash from working capital of $421 million (which
included a $190 million cash tax refund), dividends received from equity investees of $157 million and non-cash adjustments of $1,243 million, reduced by a net
loss of $209 million and earnings in equity interests of $363 million.
Cash ﬂows from operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2015 was reduced by a net loss of $4,351 million, changes in working capital of
$3,445 million (which included the reduction of the
78