Table,0f,C,0ntents
amounts paid to Affiliates under the Microsoft Search Agreement in the transitioned markets are recorded as cost of revenue—TAC rather than as a reduction to
revenue, resulting in revenue from the Microsoft Search Agreement being reported on a gross rather than net basis. Effective June 3, 2016, the Company and
Microsoft further amended the Microsoft Search Agreement to provide that sales responsibilities for premium advertisers in Taiwan and Hong Kong will not be
transitioned. TAC in those markets will continue to be reported as a reduction to revenue.
The table below presents how the Company accounted for amounts paid to Afﬁliates related to the Microsoft Search Agreement in transitioned markets, and
shows the impact of the implementation of the Eleventh Amendment in transitioned markets (in thousands):
Years Ended December 31,
2014 2015 2016
Cost of revenue—TAC in transitioned markets (*) $ — $ — $ 812,105 I
Reduction to revenue in transitioned markets $ 1,319,242 $ 1,269,134 $ 273,705
(*) For the year ended December 31, 2016, cost of revenue—TAC included $701 million in the Americas segment, $106 million in the EMEA segment, and
$5 million in the Asia Paciﬁc segment.
See Note 19—“Microsoft Search Agreement” for a description of the Search Agreement with Microsoft.
Prior to the Eleventh Amendment, the Company was entitled to receive a percentage of the revenue (the “Revenue Share Rate”) generated from Microsoft’s
services on Yahoo Properties and on Affiliate sites after deduction of the Afﬁliate sites’ share of revenue and certain Microsoft costs. The Revenue Share Rate
was 88 percent for the ﬁrst five years of the Microsoft Search Agreement and then increased to 90 percent on February 23, 2015. Pursuant to the Eleventh
Amendment, the Revenue Share Rate increased to 93 percent, but Microsoft now receives its 7 percent revenue share before deduction of the Afﬁliate site’s
share of revenue. The Company is responsible for paying the Afﬁliate for the Afﬁliate site’s share of revenue.
The Company also recognizes search revenue generated from mobile and desktop ads served through Yahoo Gemini (Yahoo’s uniﬁed marketplace for search
and native advertising on Yahoo Properties and Afﬁliate sites). The Company is considered the primary obligor to the advertisers who are the customers of the
search advertising service. Accordingly, the search revenue generated from mobile and desktop ads served through Yahoo Gemini that involve trafﬁc supplied
by Afﬁliates is reported gross of the traffic acquisition costs (“TAC”) paid to Afﬁliates (reported as cost of revenue—TAC) as the Company performs the search
service for advertisers.
In October 2015, Yahoo reached an agreement with Google that provides Yahoo with additional ﬂexibility to choose among suppliers of search results and ads.
Google’s offerings complement the search services provided by Microsoft and Yahoo Gemini. Yahoo is considered the principal in the sale of traffic to Google
because Yahoo is the primary obligor in its arrangement with Google and has discretion in how search queries from Afﬁliate sites will be fulﬁlled and monetized.
As a result, amounts paid to Affiliates under the Google agreement are recorded as cost of revenue—TAC. Additionally, the Company generates search revenue
from a revenue sharing arrangement with Yahoo Japan for search technology and services and records the related revenue as reported.
Display Revenue. The Company recognizes revenue from display advertising on Yahoo Properties and Afﬁliate sites as impressions of or clicks on display
advertisements, including native ads, are delivered. Impressions are delivered when a sold advertisement appears in pages viewed by users.
108