Table,0f,C,ontents
and documenting any legal reporting obligations and engagement of outside counsel as appropriate; comprehensive risk assessments with respect to
cybersecurity events; effective cross-functional communication regarding cybersecurity events; appropriate and timely disclosure of material cybersecurity
incidents; and enhanced training and oversight to help ensure processes are followed.
Significant Transactions
Microsoft Search Agreement
The term of the Search and Advertising Services and Sales Agreement (“Microsoft Search Agreement”) with Microsoft Corporation (“Microsoft”) is 10 years from
its commencement date, February 23, 2010, subject to earlier termination as provided in the Microsoft Search Agreement. Under the current terms of the
Microsoft Search Agreement, as amended on April 15, 2015 by the Eleventh Amendment to the Microsoft Search Agreement (the “Eleventh Amendment”), we
are entitled to receive a percentage of the revenue (the “Revenue Share Rate”) generated from Microsoft’s services on Yahoo Properties and on Afﬁliate sites
equal to 93 percent. Microsoft receives its 7 percent revenue share before deduction of the Afﬁliate site’s share of revenue. Yahoo is responsible for paying the
Afﬁliate for the Afﬁliate site’s share of revenue. Pursuant to the Eleventh Amendment, commencing on May 1, 2015, we also agreed to request paid search
results from Microsoft for 51 percent of our search queries originating from personal computers accessing Yahoo Properties and our Affiliate sites and will
display only Microsoft’s paid search results on such search result pages.
Trafﬁc acquisition costs (“TAC”) related to our Microsoft Search Agreement were recorded as a reduction to revenue through March 31, 2016. Pursuant to the
Eleventh Amendment to the Microsoft Search Agreement, we completed the transition of our exclusive sales responsibilities to Microsoft for Microsoft’s paid
search services to premium advertisers in the United States, Canada, and Europe on April 1, 2016 and in the remaining markets (other than Taiwan and Hong
Kong) on June 1, 2016. Following the transition in each respective market, we are considered the principal in the sale of trafﬁc to Microsoft and other customers
because we are the primary obligor in our arrangements with Microsoft and have discretion in how search queries from Affiliate sites will be fulﬁlled and
monetized. As a result, amounts paid to Afﬁliates under the Microsoft Search Agreement in the transitioned markets are recorded as cost of revenue—TAC
rather than as a reduction to revenue, resulting in GAAP revenue from the Microsoft Search Agreement being reported on a gross rather than a net basis.
Effective June 3, 2016, Yahoo and Microsoft further amended the Microsoft Search Agreement to provide that sales responsibilities for premium advertisers in
Taiwan and Hong Kong will not be transitioned. TAC in those markets will continue to be reported as a reduction to revenue.
The table below presents how we accounted for amounts paid to Afﬁliates related to the Microsoft Search Agreement in transitioned markets, and shows the
impact of the implementation of the Eleventh Amendment in transitioned markets (in thousands):
Years Ended December 31,
2014 2015 2016
post of revenue—TAC in transitioned markets (*) $ — $ — $ 812,105 I
Reduction to revenue in transitioned markets $ 1,319,242 $ 1,269,134 $ 273,705
(*) Includes $701 million in the Americas segment, $106 million in the EMEA segment, and $5 million in the Asia Pacific segment.
48