Table,0f,C,0ntents
Revenue ex-TAC. Revenue ex-TAC is a non—GAAP ﬁnancial measure deﬁned as GAAP revenue less TAC that has been recorded as a cost of revenue. TAC
consists of payments made to Affiliates and payments made to companies that direct consumer and business traffic to Yahoo Properties. TAC is recorded either
as a reduction to revenue or as cost of revenue.
We present revenue ex-TAC to provide investors a metric used by us for evaluation and decision-making purposes and to provide investors with comparable
revenue numbers when comparing to our historical reported ﬁnancial information. A limitation of revenue ex-TAC is that it is a measure we defined for internal
and investor purposes that may be unique to us, and therefore it may not enhance the comparability of our results to those of other companies in our industry
who have similar business arrangements but address the impact of TAC differently. Management compensates for these limitations by also relying on the
comparable GAAP ﬁnancial measures of revenue and cost of revenue—TAC.
Adjusted EBIT DA . Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP ﬁnancial measure deﬁned as net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc. before taxes, depreciation,
amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, other income (expense), net (which includes interest), earnings in equity interests, net
income attributable to noncontrolling interests, and other gains, losses, and expenses that we do not believe are indicative of our ongoing results.
We present adjusted EBITDA because the exclusion of certain gains, losses, and expenses facilitates comparisons of the operating performance of our
Company on a period—to-period basis. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for
results reported under GAAP. These limitations include: adjusted EBITDA does not reﬂect tax payments and such payments reﬂect a reduction in cash available
to us; adjusted EBITDA does not reﬂect the periodic costs of certain capitalized tangible and intangible assets used in generating revenues in our businesses;
adjusted EBITDA does not include stock-based compensation expense related to our workforce; adjusted EBITDA also excludes other income (expense), net
(which includes interest), earnings in equity interests, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and other gains, losses, and expenses that we do not
believe are indicative of our ongoing results, and these items may represent a reduction or increase in cash available to us; and adjusted EBITDA is a measure
that may be unique to us, and therefore it may not enhance the comparability of our results to other companies in our industry. Management compensates for
these limitations by also relying on the comparable GAAP financial measure of net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc., which includes taxes, depreciation,
amortization, stock-based compensation expense, other income (expense), net (which includes interest), earnings in equity interests, net income attributable to
noncontrolling interests and the other gains, losses and expenses that are excluded from adjusted EBITDA.
Free Cash Flow. Free cash ﬂow is a non—GAAP ﬁnancial measure deﬁned as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (adjusted to include excess
tax beneﬁts from stock-based awards), less acquisition of property and equipment, net (i.e., acquisition of property and equipment less proceeds received from
disposition of property and equipment including land) and dividends received from equity investees.
We consider free cash ﬂow to be a liquidity measure which provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated by
business operations, after deducting our net payments for acquisitions and dispositions of property and equipment, which cash can then be used for strategic
opportunities or other business purposes including, among others, investing in our business, making strategic acquisitions, strengthening the balance sheet, and
repurchasing stock. A limitation of free cash ﬂow is that it does not represent the total increase or decrease in the cash balance for the period. Management
compensates for this limitation by also
50