Table,0f,C,ontents
Customers,” which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, “Revenue Recognition” and requires entities to recognize revenue in a way
that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in
exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14, which defers by one year the effective date of ASU 2014—09.
Accordingly, this guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted for interim and annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2016. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08 “Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross
versus Net),” which ﬁnalizes its amendments to the guidance in the new revenue standard on assessing whether an entity is a principal or an agent in a revenue
transaction. This conclusion impacts whether an entity reports revenue on a gross or net basis. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10 “Identifying
Performance Obligations and Licensing” which ﬁnalizes its amendments to the guidance in the new revenue standard regarding the identiﬁcation of performance
obligations and accounting for the license of intellectual property. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12 “Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical
Expedients” which ﬁnalizes its amendments to the guidance in the new revenue standard on collectability, noncash consideration, presentation of sales tax, and
transition. The amendments are intended to make the guidance more operable and lead to more consistent application. The amendments have the same
effective date and transition requirements as the new revenue recognition standard. The standard is required to be applied either retrospectively to each prior
reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying it recognized at the date of initial application. The Company has not
yet selected the transition method. The Company will adopt the new revenue standards in its ﬁrst quarter of 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the
effects, if any, that the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company’s financial position, results of operations and cash ﬂows.
In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, “Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern” that requires
management to evaluate whether there are conditions and events that raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern within
one year after the financial statements are issued on both an interim and annual basis. Management is required to provide certain footnote disclosures if it
concludes that substantial doubt exists or when its plans alleviate substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. ASU 2014-15 is
effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016 and for annual and interim reporting periods thereafter. The adoption of this ASU did not have any
impact on the Company’s disclosures in the footnotes to its consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, “Financial Instruments—Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities”. The new standard principally affects accounting standards for equity investments, ﬁnancial liabilities where the fair value option has been elected, and
the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. Upon the effective date of the new standards, all equity investments in unconsolidated
entities, other than those accounted for using the equity method of accounting, will generally be measured at fair value through earnings. There will no longer be
an available-for—sale classiﬁcation and therefore, no changes in fair value will be reported in other comprehensive income (loss) for equity securities with readily
determinable fair values. The new guidance on the classiﬁcation and measurement will be effective for public business entities in ﬁscal years beginning after
December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those ﬁscal years and early adoption is permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact
of the adoption of ASU 2016-01 on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements and currently anticipates the new guidance would signiﬁcantly impact its consolidated
statements of operations and consolidated statements of comprehensive Income as the Company’s marketable equity securities, primarily the Company’s
investments in Alibaba Group and Hortonworks, are currently classified as available-for-sale and are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses, net
of tax, recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.
112