Table,0f,C,ontents
or otherwise control using the equity method. In accounting for these investments we record our proportionate share of the entities’ net income or loss, one
quarter in arrears.
We review our investments in equity interests for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the
investment may not be fully recoverable. Investments identiﬁed as having an indication of impairment are subject to further analysis to determine if the
impairment is other-than-temporary and this analysis requires estimating the fair value of the investment. The determination of fair value of the investment
involves considering factors such as the stock prices of public companies in which we have an equity investment, current economic and market conditions, the
operating performance of the companies, including current earnings trends and forecasted cash ﬂows, and other company and industry speciﬁc information. The
fair value determination, particularly for investments in privately-held companies, requires signiﬁcant judgment to determine appropriate estimates and
assumptions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could affect the calculation of the fair value of the investments and the determination of whether any
identiﬁed impairment is other-than-temporary.
Stock-Based Compensation Expense. We recognize stock-based compensation expense net of an estimated forfeiture rate and therefore only recognize
compensation expense for those shares expected to vest over the service period of the award. Calculating stock-based compensation expense requires the
input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected term of the stock—based options, stock price volatility, and the pre-vesting award forfeiture rate. We
estimate the expected life of options granted based on historical exercise patterns, which we believe are representative of future behavior. We estimate the
volatility of our common stock on the date of grant based on the implied volatility of publicly traded options on our common stock, with a term of one year or
greater. We believe that implied volatility calculated based on actively traded options on our common stock is a better indicator of expected volatility and future
stock price trends than historical volatility.
Therefore, expected volatility for the year ended December 31, 2016 was based on a market-based implied volatility. The assumptions used in calculating the
fair value of stock-based awards represent our best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment.
As a result, if factors change and we use different assumptions, our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition, we
are required to estimate the expected pre-vesting award forfeiture rate, as well as the probability that performance conditions that affect the vesting of certain
awards will be achieved, and recognize expense only for those shares expected to vest. Performance conditions are estimated and monitored throughout the
year. We estimate this forfeiture rate based on historical experience of our stock-based awards that are granted and cancelled before vesting. If our actual
forfeiture rate is materially different from our original estimates, the stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have
recorded in the current period. Changes in the estimated forfeiture rate can have a signiﬁcant effect on reported stock-based compensation expense, as the
effect of adjusting the forfeiture rate for all current and previously recognized expense for unvested awards is recognized in the period the forfeiture estimate is
changed. If the actual forfeiture rate is higher than the estimated forfeiture rate, then an adjustment will be made to increase the estimated forfeiture rate, which
will result in a decrease to the expense recognized in our consolidated ﬁnancial statements. If the actual forfeiture rate is lower than the estimated forfeiture rate,
then an adjustment will be made to lower the estimated forfeiture rate, which will result in an increase to the expense recognized in our consolidated financial
statements. See Note 14—“Employee Beneﬁts” in the Notes to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements for additional information.
88