Table,0f,C,ontents
Employees
As of December 31, 2016, we had approximately 8,500 full—time employees and 600 contractors. Our future success is substantially dependent on the
performance of our senior management and key technical personnel, as well as our continuing ability to attract, maintain the caliber of, and retain highly qualiﬁed
technical, executive, and managerial personnel. We remain committed to our talented employees and providing the best possible workplace culture for them.
Additional information regarding certain risks related to our employees is included in Part |, Item 1A “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is
incorporated herein by reference.
Available Information
Our website is located at https://www.yahoo.com. Our investor relations website is located at https://investor.yahoo.net. We make available free of charge on our
investor relations website under “Financial Info” our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10—Q, Current Reports on Form 8—K, and any
amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically ﬁle or furnish such materials to the US. Securities and Exchange
Commission (“SEC”). The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding our ﬁlings at
http://www.sec.gov .
Item 1A. Risk Factors
We face significant competition for users, advertisers, publishers, developers, and distributors.
We face signiﬁcant competition from online search engines, sites offering integrated internet products and services, social media and networking sites,
e-commerce sites, companies providing analytics, monetization and marketing and publishing tools for mobile and desktop advertisers, publishers, developers
and distributors, and digital, broadcast and print media. In a number of international markets, especially those in Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Latin
America, we face substantial competition from local Internet service providers and other entities that offer search, communications, and other commercial
services.
Several of our competitors offer an integrated variety of Internet products, advertising services, technologies, online services and content. We compete against
these and other companies to attract and retain users, advertisers, developers, and third—party website publishers as participants in our Afﬁliate network, and to
obtain agreements with third parties to promote or distribute our services. We also compete with social media and networking sites which are increasingly used
to communicate and share information, and which are attracting a substantial and increasing share of users, users’ online time, content, and online advertising
dollars.
A key element of our strategy is increasing revenue growth. As part of this strategy, we are focusing on mobile products and mobile advertising formats, as well
as increasing our revenue from mobile. A number of our competitors also have devoted significant resources to the development of products, services and apps
for mobile devices. Several of our competitors have mobile revenue signiﬁcantly greater than ours. If we are unable to develop products for mobile devices that
users ﬁnd engaging and that help us grow our mobile revenue, our competitive position, our ﬁnancial condition and our operating results could be harmed.
In addition, a number of competitors offer products, services and apps that directly compete for users with our offerings, including e-mail, search, video, social,
sports, news, ﬁnance, micro-blogging,
13