Table,of,C,ontents
2013, October 9, 2014, and July 24, 2015) which provided for a $750 million unsecured revolving credit facility. The termination of the credit agreement took
effect on May 23, 2016.
Note 11 Convertible Notes
0.00% Convertible Senior Notes
As of December 31, 2016, the Company had $1.4 billion in principal amount of Notes outstanding. In 2013, the Company issued the Notes. The Notes were sold
under a purchase agreement, dated November 20, 2013, with JP. Morgan Securities LLC and Goldman, Sachs & Co., as representatives of the several initial
purchasers named therein (collectively, the “Initial Purchasers”). The Notes were sold to the Initial Purchasers for resale to qualiﬁed institutional buyers pursuant
to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
In connection with the issuance of the Notes, the Company entered into an indenture (the “lndenture”) with The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.,
as trustee. Under the lndenture, the Notes are senior unsecured obligations of Yahoo, the Notes do not bear regular interest, and the principal amount of the
Notes was issued at par value. The Notes mature on December 1, 2018, unless previously purchased or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such
date. The Company may not redeem the Notes prior to maturity. However, holders of the Notes may convert them at certain times and upon the occurrence of
certain events in the future, as outlined in the indenture governing the Notes. Holders of the Notes who convert in connection with a “make-whole fundamental
change,” as deﬁned in the lndenture, may require Yahoo to purchase for cash all or any portion of their Notes at a purchase price equal to 100 percent of the
principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid special interest as deﬁned in the lndenture, if any. The Notes are convertible, subject to certain conditions, into
shares of Yahoo common stock at an initial conversion rate of 18.7161 shares per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (which is equivalent to an initial conversion
price of approximately $53.43 per share), subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. Certain corporate events described in the lndenture may
increase the conversion rate for holders who elect to convert their Notes in connection with such corporate event should they occur. Upon conversion of the
Notes, holders will receive cash, shares of Yahoo’s common stock, or a combination thereof, at Yahoo’s election. The Company’s intent is to settle the principal
amount of the Notes in cash upon conversion. If the conversion value exceeds the principal amount, the Company would deliver shares of its common stock with
respect to the remainder of its conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount (conversion spread). The conversion spread will be included in
the denominator for the computation of diluted net income per common share, using the treasury stock method. As of December 31, 2016, none of the
conditions allowing holders of the Notes to convert had been met.
In accounting for the issuance of the Notes, the Company separated the Notes into liability and equity components. The carrying amount of the liability
component was calculated by measuring the estimated fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated convertible feature. The carrying amount
of the equity component representing the conversion option was determined by deducting the fair value of the liability component from the face value of the
Notes as a whole. The excess of the principal amount of the liability component over its carrying amount (“debt discount”) is amortized to interest expense over
the term of the Notes using the effective interest method with an effective interest rate of 5.26 percent per annum. The equity component is not remeasured as
long as it continues to meet the conditions for equity classification.
In accounting for the transaction costs related to the Note issuance, the Company allocated the total amount incurred to the liability and equity components
based on their relative values. Issuance costs
143