Table,0f,C,0ntents
We may be subject to legal liability associated with providing online services or content.
We host and provide a wide variety of services and technology products that enable and encourage individuals and businesses to exchange information; upload
or othenNise generate photos, videos, text, and other content; advertise products and services; conduct business; and engage in various online activities both
domestically and internationally. The law relating to the liability of providers of online services and products for activities of their users is currently unsettled both
within the United States and internationally. As a publisher, producer, and distributor of content, we may be subject to claims such as copyright, libel, defamation
or improper use of publicity rights, as well as other infringement claims such as plagiarism. Claims have been threatened and brought against us for defamation,
negligence, breaches of contract, plagiarism, copyright and trademark infringement, unfair competition, unlawful activity, tort, including personal injury, fraud, or
other theories based on the nature and content of information which we publish or to which we provide links or that may be posted online or generated by us or
by third parties, including our users. In addition, we have been and may again in the future be subject to domestic or international actions alleging that certain
content we have generated or third—party content that we have made available within our services violates laws in domestic and international jurisdictions. We
could also face restrictions or blocking of our services in particular countries as a result of content hosted on our services. We arrange for the distribution of third—
party advertisements to third-party publishers and advertising networks, and we offer third—party products, services, or content, such as stock quotes and trading
information or search results, under the Yahoo brand or via distribution on Yahoo Properties. We may be subject to claims concerning these products, services,
or content by virtue of our involvement in marketing, branding, broadcasting, or providing access to them, even if we do not ourselves host, operate, provide, or
provide access to these products, services, or content. While our agreements with respect to these products, services, and content may provide that we will be
indemniﬁed against such liabilities, the ability to receive such indemniﬁcation may be disputed, could result in substantial costs to enforce or defend, and
depends on the financial resources of the other party to the agreement, and any amounts received might not be adequate to cover our liabilities or the costs
associated with defense of such proceedings. Defense of any such actions could be costly and involve signiﬁcant time and attention of our management and
other resources, may result in monetary liabilities or penalties, and may require us to change our business in an adverse manner.
It is also possible that if any information provided directly by us contains errors or is othen/vise wrongfully provided to users, third parties could make claims
against us. For example, we offer web-based e-mail services, which expose us to potential risks, such as liabilities or claims, by our users and third parties,
resulting from unsolicited e-mail, lost or misdirected messages, illegal or fraudulent use of e-mail, alleged violations of policies, property interests, or privacy
protections, including civil or criminal laws, or interruptions or delays in e-mail service. We may also face purported consumer class actions or state actions
relating to our online services, including our fee-based services (particularly in connection with any decision to discontinue a fee-based service). In addition, our
customers, third parties, or government entities may assert claims or actions against us if our online services or technologies are used to spread or facilitate
malicious or harmful code or applications.
Investigating and defending these types of claims are expensive, even if the claims are without merit or do not ultimately result in liability, and could subject us to
signiﬁcant monetary liability or cause a change in business practices that could negatively impact our ability to compete.
Certain of our metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our
reputation and negatively affect our business.
We present key metrics such as unique users, number of Ads Sold, number of Paid Clicks, Search click-driven revenue, Price-per—Click, Price—per—Ad, page
views, mail messages sent and read, and searches that are calculated using unaudited internal company data. We periodically review, reﬁne
29