Table,0f,C,0ntents
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1—“The Company and Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies” in the Notes to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements, which is incorporated herein
by reference.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
We are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates and changes in the market values of our investments.
We may use derivative ﬁnancial instruments to mitigate certain risks in accordance with our investment and foreign exchange policies.
We enter into master netting arrangements, which are designed to reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. We
present our derivative assets and liabilities at their gross fair values on the consolidated balance sheets.
Interest Rate Exposure
We are exposed to various risks that relate to our marketable securities portfolio, including market and interest rate risk. While our interest rate risk relates
primarily to the marketable debt securities in which we invest, interest rates may also impact our costs associated with foreign exchange hedging. We invest
excess cash in money market funds, time deposits, and liquid debt instruments of the U.S. and foreign governments and their agencies, and high credit-quality
corporate issuers which are classiﬁed as cash equivalents and/or marketable securities.
Investments in ﬁxed rate and floating rate interest earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value
adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while ﬂoating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these
factors, our future investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if forced to sell securities
that have declined in market value due to changes in interest rates or changes in credit quality. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would
result in a $35 million and $28 million decrease in the fair value of our available-for-sale debt securities as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
In November 2013, we issued $1.4375 billion of the Notes. We carry the Notes at face value less unamortized discount on our consolidated balance sheets. The
fair value of the Notes ﬂuctuates due to changes in interest rates, credit spreads, and time to maturity. There is no coupon payment associated with the Notes.
Foreign Currency Exposure
The objective of our foreign exchange risk management program is to identify material foreign currency exposures and identify methods to manage these
exposures to minimize the potential effects of currency fluctuations on our reported consolidated cash flows and results of operations. All counterparties to our
derivative contracts are major ﬁnancial institutions. See Note 9—“Foreign Currency Derivative Financial Instruments” in the Notes to our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements for additional information on our hedging programs.
89