Table,0f,C,0ntents
restructuring plans include one-time termination beneﬁts as well as certain contractual termination beneﬁts or employee terminations under ongoing benefit
arrangements. One-time termination benefits are recognized as a liability at estimated fair value when the approved plan of termination has been communicated
to employees, unless employees must provide future service, in which case the beneﬁts are recognized ratably over the future service period. Ongoing
termination beneﬁts arrangements are recognized as a liability at estimated fair value when the amount of such beneﬁts becomes estimable and payment is
probable. Contract termination costs are recognized at estimated fair value when the entity terminates the contract in accordance with the contract terms.
These restructuring initiatives require management to make estimates in several areas including: (i) expenses for severance and other employee separation
costs; (ii) realizable values of assets made redundant, obsolete, or excessive; and (iii) the ability to generate sublease income and to terminate lease obligations
at the estimated amounts.
Stock-Based Compensation Expense. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense, net of an estimated forfeiture rate and therefore only
recognizes compensation costs for those shares expected to vest over the service period of the award. Stock-based awards are valued based on the grant date
fair value of these awards; the Company records stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, generally one to
four years.
Calculating stock—based compensation expense related to stock options requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected term of the
stock options, stock price volatility, and the pre-vesting forfeiture rate of stock awards. The Company estimates the expected life of options granted based on
historical exercise patterns, which the Company believes are representative of future behavior. The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock on the
date of grant based on the implied volatility of publicly traded options on its common stock, with a term of one year or greater. The Company believes that
implied volatility calculated based on actively traded options on its common stock is a better indicator of expected volatility and future stock price trends than
historical volatility. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based awards represent the Company’s best estimates, but these estimates
involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result, if factors change and the Company uses different assumptions, the
Company’s stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition, the Company is required to estimate the expected
pre-vesting award forfeiture rate, as well as the probability that performance conditions that affect the vesting of certain awards will be achieved, and only
recognizes expense for those shares expected to vest. The Company estimates the forfeiture rate based on historical experience of the Company’s stock-based
awards that are granted and cancelled before vesting. See Note 14—“Employee Beneﬁts” for additional information.
The Company uses the ‘With and without” approach in determining the order in which tax attributes are utilized. As a result, the Company recognizes a tax
beneﬁt from stock-based awards in additional paid-in capital only if an incremental tax beneﬁt is realized after all other tax attributes currently available to the
Company have been utilized. When tax deductions from stock-based awards are less than the cumulative book compensation expense, the tax effect of the
resulting difference (“shortfall”) is charged ﬁrst to additional paid-in capital, to the extent of the Company’s pool of windfall tax beneﬁts, with any remainder
recognized in income tax expense. The Company determined that it had a sufficient windfall pool available through the end of 2016 to absorb any shortfalls. In
addition, the Company accounts for the indirect effects of stock-based awards on other tax attributes, such as the research tax credit, through the consolidated
statements of operations.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements. In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”)
2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with
111