Table,0f,C,0ntents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Yahoo! Inc.:
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income (loss), of
stockholders’ equity and of cash ﬂows present fairly, in all material respects, the ﬁnancial position of Yahoo! Inc. and its subsidiaries at December 31 , 2016 and
December 31, 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the ﬁnancial statement schedule listed in the
accompanying index presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated ﬁnancial
statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016,
based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). The Company’s management is responsible for these ﬁnancial statements and ﬁnancial statement schedule, for maintaining effective
internal control over ﬁnancial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, included in Management’s Report
on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these ﬁnancial statements, on the ﬁnancial
statement schedule, and on the Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the ﬁnancial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting
was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the ﬁnancial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the ﬁnancial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and signiﬁcant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
ﬁnancial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinions.
A company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of ﬁnancial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of ﬁnancial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
ls/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
San Jose, California
March 1, 2017
93