Table,0f,C,ontents
claims for breach of ﬁduciary duty, purportedly on behalf of the Company, against certain of the Company’s current and former directors and ofﬁcers. The
complaint alleges that defendants failed to disclose the Security Incidents discussed under “Security Incidents Contingencies” below and caused or allowed the
Company to issue materially false and misleading statements in its public ﬁlings and other public statements. The complaint seeks unspeciﬁed damages,
indemniﬁcation from the individual defendants, disgorgement of compensation obtained by defendants, an award of attorneys’ fees and costs, and other related
equitable and injunctive relief.
On February 16, 2017, a stockholder derivative action captioned Summer v. Marissa Mayer, et al. , was ﬁled in the US. District Court for the Northern District of
California purportedly on behalf of the Company against certain of its current and former directors and ofﬁcers. On February 17, 2017, a substantially identical
stockholder derivative action captioned Bowser v. Marissa Mayer, et al. , was filed in the US. District Court for the Northern District of California against the
same defendants. The complaints allege that defendants failed to disclose the Security Incidents discussed under “Security Incidents Contingencies” below and
caused or allowed the Company to issue materially false and misleading statements in its public ﬁlings and other public statements. The complaints assert
derivative claims, purportedly on behalf of the Company, for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, and violations of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaints seek unspeciﬁed damages, to enjoin defendants from proceeding with, consummating, or closing the
transactions contemplated by the Amended Stock Purchase Agreement with Verizon, disgorgement of proﬁts and compensation obtained by the defendants, an
award of attorneys’ fees and costs, and other related injunctive and equitable forms of relief.
On February 20, 2017, a stockholder derivative action captioned Oklahoma Fireﬁghters Pension and Retirement System v. Eric Brandt, et al. , was ﬁled in the
Delaware Court of Chancery purportedly on behalf of the Company and against certain of its current ofﬁcers and directors. The complaint asserts derivative
claims for breach of ﬁduciary duty. The complaint alleges the defendants violated their ﬁduciary duties by, among other things, causing or allowing the Company
to issue materially false and misleading public statements and failing to disclose the Security Incidents in the Company’s public disclosures and in
representations and warranties provided to Verizon in connection with the Original Stock Purchase Agreement. The complaint seeks unspeciﬁed damages,
equitable and injunctive relief, and an award to plaintiff of the costs and disbursements of the action, including but not limited to attorneys’ fees and expenses.
TCPA Litigation Concerning Yahoo Messenger. On March 21, 2014 and April 16, 2014, civil complaints were ﬁled in the US. District Court for the Northern
District of Illinois by plaintiffs Rachel Johnson and Zenaida CaIderin, respectively, against the Company, alleging that the process by which Yahoo Messenger
sends a notification SMS message in addition to delivering a user’s instant message to a recipient’s cellular telephone constitutes a violation of the Telephone
Consumer Protection Act (“TCPA”), 47 U.S.C. § 227. The penalty per violation ranges from $500 to $1,500. The complaints, which were consolidated, seek
statutory damages for a purported class of plaintiffs. In January 2016, the District Court denied class certiﬁcation treatment proposed by plaintiff CaIderin, who
accepted a $1,500 offer of judgment to resolve her case in its entirety. The District Court certiﬁed a class proposed by plaintiff Johnson comprising more than
300,000 potential members. The Company sought permission from the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit to appeal the District Court’s
certiﬁcation order, which the Court of Appeals denied. No decision has been made on the merits of plaintiffs’ claims, which the Company is defending vigorously.
The Company also previously defended related litigation in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California, which denied class certiﬁcation
in September 2015; that case was dismissed with prejudice in March 2016.
General. The Company is regularly involved in claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings arising from the ordinary course of the Company’s
business, including actions with
148