Table,0f,C,0ntents
Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any failure or inability to sufficiently protect them could harm our business and our operating
results.
We create, own, and maintain a wide array of copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade dress, trade secrets, rights to domain names and other intellectual property
assets which we believe are collectively among our most valuable assets. We seek to protect our intellectual property assets through patent, copyright, trade
secret, trademark, and other laws of the U.S. and other countries of the world, and through contractual provisions. However, the efforts we have taken to protect
our intellectual property and proprietary rights might not be sufﬁcient or effective at stopping unauthorized use of those rights. Protection of the distinctive
elements of Yahoo might not always be available under copyright law or trademark law, or we might not discover or determine the full extent of any unauthorized
use of our copyrights and trademarks in order to protect our rights. In addition, effective trademark, patent, copyright, and trade secret protection might not be
available or cost-effective in every country in which our products and media properties are distributed or made available through the Internet. Changes in patent
law, such as changes in the law regarding patentable subject matter, could also impact our ability to obtain patent protection for our innovations. In particular,
recent amendments to the U.S. patent law may affect our ability to protect our innovations and defend against claims of patent infringement. Further, given the
costs of obtaining patent protection, we might choose not to protect (or not to protect in some jurisdictions) certain innovations that later turn out to be important.
There is also a risk that the scope of protection under our patents may not be sufﬁcient in some cases or that existing patents may be deemed invalid or
unenforceable. To help maintain our trade secrets, we have entered into conﬁdentiality agreements with most of our employees and contractors, and
confidentiality agreements with many of the parties with whom we conduct business, in order to limit access to and disclosure of our proprietary information. If
these conﬁdentiality agreements are breached it could compromise our trade secrets and cause us to lose any competitive advantage provided by those trade
secrets.
If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use, the value of our intellectual property assets may be reduced. In addition, protecting our
intellectual property and other proprietary rights is expensive and time consuming. Any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it
more expensive to do business and consequently harm our operating results.
We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property infringement or other third-party claims, which are costly to defend, could result in
significant damage awards, and could limit our ability to provide certain content or use certain technologies in the future.
Internet, technology, media, and patent holding companies often possess a signiﬁcant number of patents. Further, many of these companies and other parties
are actively developing or purchasing search, indexing, e-commerce, and other Internet-related technologies, as well as a variety of online business models and
methods.
We believe that these parties will continue to take steps such as seeking patent protection to protect these technologies. In addition, patent holding companies
may continue to seek to monetize patents they have purchased or otherwise obtained. As a result, disputes regarding the ownership of technologies and rights
associated with online businesses are likely to continue to arise in the future. From time to time, parties assert patent infringement claims against us. Currently,
we are engaged in a number of lawsuits regarding patent issues and have been notiﬁed of a number of other potential disputes.
In addition to patent claims, third parties have asserted, and are likely in the future to assert, claims against us alleging infringement of copyrights, trademark
rights, trade secret rights or other proprietary rights, or alleging unfair competition, violation of federal or state statutes or other claims,
24