Table,0f,C,0ntents
Our business depends on a strong brand, and failing to maintain or enhance the Yahoo brands in a cost-effective manner could harm our operating
results.
Maintaining and enhancing our brands is an important aspect of our efforts to attract and expand our user, advertiser, and Afﬁliate base. We believe that the
importance of brand recognition will increase due to the relatively low barriers to entry in certain portions of the Internet market. Maintaining and enhancing our
brands will depend largely on our ability to provide high—quality, innovative products, and services, which we might not do successfully. We have spent and
expect to spend considerable money and resources on the establishment and maintenance of our brands, as well as advertising, marketing, and other brand-
building efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands. Our brands may be negatively impacted by a number of factors such as service
outages, product malfunctions, data protection and security issues, exploitation of our trademarks by others without permission, and poor presentation or
integration of our search marketing offerings by Afﬁliates on their sites or in their software and services.
Further, while we attempt to ensure that the quality of our brands is maintained by our licensees, our licensees might take actions that could impair the value of
our brands, our proprietary rights, or the reputation of our products and media properties. If we are unable to maintain or enhance our brands in a cost-effective
manner, or if we incur excessive expenses in these efforts, our business, operating results and ﬁnancial condition could be harmed.
If we are unable to attract, sustain, and renew distribution arrangements on favorable terms, our revenue may decline.
We enter into distribution arrangements with third parties to promote or supply our services to their users. For example:
- We maintain search and display advertising relationships with Afﬁliate sites, which integrate our advertising offerings into their websites.
- We enter into distribution alliances with Internet service providers (including providers of cable and broadband Internet access) and software distributors to
promote our services to their users.
- We enter into agreements with mobile phone, tablet, television, and other device manufacturers, electronics companies and carriers to promote our software
and services on their devices.
In some markets, we depend on a limited number of distribution arrangements for a signiﬁcant percentage of our user, publisher, and advertiser activity. A failure
by our distributors to attract or retain their user bases would negatively impact our user activity and, in turn, reduce our revenue. For mobile app distribution, we
depend on a limited number of distributors, primarily the developers of the operating systems or device manufacturers. If we are unable to reach agreements
with these distributors for distribution of our mobile apps or they refuse to distribute or block our mobile apps, our operating results will be harmed. In the future,
as new methods for accessing the Internet and our services become available, including through alternative devices, we may need to enter into amended
distribution agreements with existing access providers, distributors, and manufacturers to cover the new devices and new arrangements. We face a risk that
existing and potential new access providers, distributors, and manufacturers may decide not to offer distribution of our services on reasonable terms, or at all.
Distribution agreements often involve revenue sharing. Competition to enter into distribution arrangements has caused and may in the future cause our trafﬁc
acquisition costs to increase. In some cases, we guarantee distributors a minimum level of revenue and, as a result, run a risk that the distributors’ performance
(in terms of ad impressions, toolbar installations, etc.) might not be sufﬁcient to otherwise earn their minimum payments, in which case our payments could
exceed the
21