Table,0f,C,ontents
respect to intellectual property claims, privacy, consumer protection, information security, data protection or law enforcement matters, tax matters, labor and
employment claims, commercial claims, as well as actions involving content generated by users, stockholder derivative actions, purported class action lawsuits,
and other matters.
The Company has determined, based on current knowledge, that the amount or range of reasonably possible losses, including reasonably possible losses in
excess of amounts already accrued, is not reasonably estimable with respect to certain matters described above. The Company has also determined, based on
current knowledge, that the aggregate amount or range of losses that are estimable with respect to the Company’s legal proceedings, including the matters
described above, would not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated ﬁnancial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows. Amounts
accrued as of December 31, 2016 were not material. The ultimate outcome of legal proceedings involves judgments, estimates and inherent uncertainties, and
cannot be predicted with certainty. In the event of a determination adverse to Yahoo, its subsidiaries, directors, or ofﬁcers in these matters, the Company may
incur substantial monetary liability, and be required to change its business practices. Either of these events could have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The Company may also incur substantial legal fees, which are expensed as incurred, in
defending against these claims.
Security Incidents Contingencies
On September 22, 2016, the Company disclosed that a copy of certain user account information for approximately 500 million user accounts was stolen from
Yahoo’s network in late 2014 (the “2014 Security Incident”). On December 14, 2016, the Company disclosed that, based on its outside forensic expert’s analysis
of data ﬁles provided to the Company in November 2016 by law enforcement, the Company believes an unauthorized third party stole data associated with more
than one billion user accounts in August 2013 (the “2013 Security Incident”). In November and December 2016, the Company disclosed that based on an
investigation by its outside forensic experts, it believes an unauthorized third party accessed the Company’s proprietary code to learn how to forge certain
cookies. The outside forensic experts have identified approximately 32 million user accounts for which they believe forged cookies were used or taken in 2015
and 2016 (the “Cookie Forging Activity”). The 2013 Security Incident, the 2014 Security Incident, and the Cookie Forging Activity are collectively referred to
herein as the “Security Incidents.”
To date, approximately 43 putative consumer class action lawsuits have been ﬁled against the Company in U.S. federal and state courts, and in foreign courts,
relating to the Security Incidents. The plaintiffs, who purport to represent various classes of users, generally claim to have been harmed by the Company’s
alleged actions and/or omissions in connection with the Security Incidents and assert a variety of common law and statutory claims seeking monetary damages
or other related relief.
In addition, as described above, one putative stockholder class action has been ﬁled against the Company and certain current officers of the Company and four
stockholder derivative actions have been ﬁled purportedly on behalf of the Company against its current and former directors and ofﬁcers, each asserting claims
related to the Security Incidents.
Additional lawsuits and claims related to the Security Incidents may be asserted by or on behalf of users, partners, shareholders, or others seeking damages or
other related relief.
While a loss from these matters is reasonably possible, the Company cannot reasonably estimate a range of possible losses related to these legal proceedings
at this time because the legal proceedings remain in the early stages, alleged damages have not been specified, there is uncertainty as to the likelihood of a
class or classes being certiﬁed or the ultimate size of any class if certiﬁed, and there
149