Table,0f,C,0ntents
Critical Accounting Polrcres and Estimates
Our discussion and analysis of our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated ﬁnancial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated ﬁnancial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about, among other things, the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
estimates.
An accounting policy is considered to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at
the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely
to occur, could materially impact the consolidated ﬁnancial statements. We believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the more signiﬁcant
estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
Management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the Audit and Finance Committee (the “Audit Committee”)
of our Board, and the Audit Committee has reviewed the disclosure below. In addition, there are other items within our ﬁnancial statements that require
estimation, but are not deemed critical as defined above. Changes in estimates used in these and other items could have a material impact on our consolidated
ﬁnancial statements.
Revenue Recognition. Our revenue is generated from search and display advertising, and other sources. Display advertising revenue is generated from the
display of graphical, non-graphical, and video advertisements and search advertising revenue is generated from clicks on text-based links to advertisers’
websites that appear primarily on search results pages, and from a revenue sharing arrangement with Yahoo Japan for search technology and services. Other
revenue consists of listings-based services revenue, e—commerce transaction revenue, royalties, patent licenses and fees revenue. While the majority of our
revenue transactions contain standard business terms and conditions, there are certain transactions that contain contract-speciﬁc business terms and
conditions. In addition, we enter into certain sales transactions that involve multiple elements (arrangements with more than one deliverable). We also enter into
arrangements to purchase goods and/or services from certain customers. As a result, signiﬁcant contract interpretation is sometimes required to determine the
appropriate accounting for these transactions including: (1) whether an arrangement exists; (2) whether fees are ﬁxed or determinable; (3) how the arrangement
consideration should be allocated among potential multiple elements; (4) establishing selling prices for deliverables considering multiple factors; (5) when to
recognize revenue on the deliverables; (6) whether all elements of the arrangement have been delivered; (7) whether the arrangement should be reported gross
as a principal versus net as an agent; (8) whether we receive a separately identiﬁable beneﬁt from the purchase arrangements with certain customers for which
we can reasonably estimate fair value; and (9) whether the consideration received from a vendor should be characterized as revenue or a reimbursement of
costs incurred. In addition, our revenue recognition policy requires an assessment as to whether collection is reasonably assured, which inherently requires us to
evaluate the creditworthiness of our customers. Changes in judgments on these assumptions could materially impact the timing or amount of revenue
recognition.
Income Taxes. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. See Note 16
—“lncome Taxes” in the Notes to our
84