Table,0f,C,0ntents
The total purchase price of approximately $270 million consisted of cash consideration. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company acquired all of the
equity interests (including all outstanding vested options) of Flurry. Outstanding Flurry unvested options were assumed and converted into equivalent awards for
Yahoo common stock valued at $4 million, which is being recognized as stock-based compensation expense as the options vest over periods of up to four years
from the date of the acquisition.
Separately, in connection with the acquisition, the Company issued restricted stock units valued at $23 million, which are being recognized as stock-based
compensation expense as the restricted stock units vest over four years from the date of the acquisition.
The allocation of the purchase price of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values was as follows (in thousands):
Cash acquiired $ 12,1_3_9 l
Other ’gnggle assets acquired 51,235
,FA‘mortizable intangible assets: |
Developed technology 7,1_0_0
l (lustpmechntragtgemdielaﬂgdieteuionsbiRs 47,609 I
7 Other 729
Goodwill 194,081 4
V Total assets acquired 32,815
Qaiblitiesiassumeid (ﬁ,205)J
Total s 269,670
The amortizable intangible assets have useful lives not exceeding five years and a weighted average useful life of ﬁve years. The purchase price exceeded the
estimated fair value of the tangible and identiﬁable intangible assets and liabilities acquired and, as a result of the allocation, the Company recorded goodwill of
$194 million in connection with this transaction. Goodwill represented the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net tangible and
identifiable intangible assets acquired and was not deductible for tax purposes.
BrightRoll. On December 12, 2014, the Company completed the acquisition of BrightRoll, lnc. (“BrightRoll”), a leading programmatic video advertising
platform. The transaction combined Yahoo’s premium-desktop and mobile video advertising inventory with BrightRoll’s programmatic video platform and
publisher relationships to bring substantial value to advertisers on both platforms.
The purchase price of $581 million exceeded the estimated fair value of the net tangible and identiﬁable intangible assets and liabilities acquired and, as a result,
the Company recorded goodwill of $417 million in connection with this transaction. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company acquired all of the equity
interests (including all outstanding vested options) in BrightRoll and BrightRoll stockholders and vested option holders were paid in cash. Outstanding BrightRoll
unvested options were assumed and converted into equivalent awards for Yahoo common stock valued at $25 million, which is being recognized as stock-based
compensation expense as the options vest over periods of up to four years from the date of the acquisition.
Separately, in connection with the acquisition, the Company issued restricted stock units to employees valued at $78 million, which is being recognized as stock-
based compensation expense as
127