Table,0f,C,ontents
direct integration with commerce sites. And as part of Yahoo’s long-standing distribution partnership with Hulu, Yahoo View gives users access to watch
episodes of their favorite TV shows across mobile and desktop, and go beyond the episode with clips, recaps, and content from Tumblr.
Tumblr offers a web platform and mobile applications on iOS and Android that allow users to create, share, and curate content. Tumblr messaging enables
users to engage with other users that share their same interests and passions.
Advertiser Offerings
Yahoo has two core advertiser products: Gemini and BrightRoll, which includes the BrightRoll Demand Side Platform and BrightRoll Exchange. Advertisers
beneﬁt from our comprehensive approach to digital advertising across search and display advertising, which includes native, video, premium, and audience ads.
Gemini and BrightRoll are supported by Yahoo’s technology platform, data, and analytical tools.
Advertiser Products
Yahoo Gemini is Yahoo’s proprietary marketplace for search and native advertising across devices. Yahoo Gemini helps marketers achieve measurable results
with intent—driven advertising. By leveraging Yahoo’s proprietary data, Gemini helps advertisers target the audiences they are interested in reaching across
Yahoo Properties and third—party publishers and engage those audiences through search and native ads. Gemini search is focused on helping advertisers reach
their target audiences at the moment the user has made a relevant search query. Gemini native ads are built to match the content that a user is exploring. By
using the surrounding content to establish relevancy for targeting, Gemini native ads drive higher audience engagement and brand awareness for the advertiser.
BrightRoII is Yahoo’s uniﬁed brand for programmatic advertising technology, offering a suite of media-agnostic tools to help advertisers, publishers, and
partners connect with users across ad formats and devices. The BrightRo/I Demand Side Platform (“BrightRo/I DSP”) is technology that enables brand and
performance advertisers to plan, execute, optimize, and measure programmatic digital advertising campaigns. Our targeting solutions allow advertisers to reach
users across Yahoo, exclusive publishing partners, and a wide variety of sites and mobile apps with the scale and efficiency of programmatic buying. BrightRoll
DSP offers advertisers greater control and transparency with advanced programmatic buying capabilities and access to Yahoo’s proprietary data. Advertisers
can reach the right people with custom audience deﬁnition and manage frequency on any device with independent campaign measurement and insights. The
BrightRo/I Exchange connects display, video, and native inventory from the top publishers and ad exchanges with demand from the top DSPs, agencies, ad
networks, and advertisers. The BrightRoll Exchange delivers revenue to publishers with the goal of maximizing yield and offers buyers access to a variety of
premium digital advertising inventory and unique data with the goal of enabling them to efﬁciently value supply.
Advertising Formats
Search Advertising. Yahoo Gemini connects advertisers with the audiences across our network, with the support of strategic account teams, reporting,
analytics, and extensive campaign controls. Yahoo continues to focus on developing new search ad formats, features, and capabilities to engage users and
optimize performance across devices, including click-to-call functionality, sitelink extensions, location extensions, and product ads. To provide the richest
possible experience for our users, Yahoo also serves search ads from partners, including Microsoft and Google.
8