Table,0f,C,0ntents
and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and calculating these metrics. In addition, from time to time we provide, or rely on, certain other metrics,
including those relating to the reach and effectiveness of our ads.
While our metrics are based on what we believe to be reasonable measurements and methodologies, there are inherent challenges in deriving our metrics
across large online and mobile populations around the world. In addition, our user metrics may differ from estimates published by third parties or from similar
metrics of our competitors due to differences in methodology. Furthermore, over time we may revise or cease reporting certain metrics that we no longer believe
are useful or meaningful measures of our performance and add new metrics which we believe are better measurements of performance.
If advertisers, publishers or partners do not perceive our metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics, it could negatively affect
our reputation, business and ﬁnancial results.
Any failure to scale and adapt our existing technology architecture to manage expansion of user-facing services and to respond to rapid
technological change could adversely affect our business.
As some of the most visited sites on the Internet, Yahoo Properties deliver a significant number of products, services, page views, and advertising impressions to
users around the world. We expect our products and services to continue to expand and change signiﬁcantly and rapidly in the future to accommodate new
technologies, new devices, new Internet advertising solutions, and new means of content delivery.
In addition, widespread adoption of new Internet, networking or telecommunications technologies, or other technological or platform changes, could require
substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our services or infrastructure. The technology architectures and platforms utilized for our services are highly complex
and may not provide satisfactory security features or support in the future, as usage increases and products and services expand, change, and become more
complex. In the future, we may make additional changes to our existing, or move to completely new, architectures, platforms and systems, such as the changes
we have made in response to the increased use of mobile devices such as tablets and smartphones. Such changes may be technologically challenging to
develop and implement, may take time to test and deploy, may cause us to incur substantial costs or data loss, and may cause changes, delays or interruptions
in service. These changes, delays, or interruptions in our service may cause our users, Affiliates and other advertising platform participants to become
dissatisﬁed with our service or to move to competing providers or seek remedial actions or compensation. Further, to the extent that demands for our services
increase, we will need to expand our infrastructure, including the capacity of our hardware servers and the sophistication of our software. This expansion is likely
to be expensive and complex and require additional technical expertise. As we acquire users who rely upon us for a wide variety of services, it becomes more
technologically complex and costly to retrieve, store, and integrate data that will enable us to track each user’s preferences. Any difﬁculties experienced in
adapting our architectures, platforms and infrastructure to accommodate increased trafﬁc, to store user data, and track user preferences, together with the
associated costs and potential loss of trafﬁc, could harm our operating results, cash flows from operations, and ﬁnancial condition.
We rely on third parties to provide the technologies necessary to deliver content, advertising, and services to our users, and any change in the
licensing terms, costs, availability, or acceptance of these formats and technologies could adversely affect our business.
We rely on third parties to provide the technologies that we use to deliver the majority of the content, advertising, and services to our users. There can be no
assurance that these providers will
30