Table,0f,C,0ntents
- improving the quality of our user and advertiser products;
- continuing to innovate and improve users’ search experiences;
- maintaining and expanding our Afﬁliate program for search and display advertising services; and
- deriving better demographic and other information about our users to enable us to offer better, more personalized and targeted experiences to both our
users and advertisers.
In most cases, our agreements with advertisers have a term of one year or less, and may be terminated at any time by the advertiser or by us. Payments under
our agreements with advertisers often depend upon performance and click-through levels. Accordingly, it is difﬁcult to forecast search and display revenue
accurately. In addition, our expense levels are based in part on expectations of future revenue, including any guaranteed minimum payments and other trafﬁc
acquisition costs to our Affiliates in connection with search and/or display advertising, and in some cases, the expenses could exceed the revenue that we
generate. The state of the global economy, growth rate of the online advertising market, and availability of capital impacts the advertising spending patterns of
our existing and potential advertisers. Any reduction in spending by, or loss of, existing or potential advertisers would negatively impact our revenue and
operating results. Further, we may be unable to adjust our expenses and capital expenditures quickly enough to compensate for any unexpected revenue
shortfall.
As more people access our products via mobile devices rather than desktop computers and mobile advertising continues to evolve, if we do not
continue to attract and retain mobile users and grow mobile revenue, our financial results will be adversely impacted.
The number of people who access the Internet through mobile devices rather than a desktop computer, including mobile telephones, smartphones and tablets, is
increasing and will likely continue to increase dramatically. More than 650 million of our monthly users (including Tumblr users) are now accessing us on mobile
devices. In addition, search queries are increasingly being undertaken through mobile devices. As a result, our ability to grow advertising revenue increasingly
depends on our ability to generate revenue from ads displayed on mobile devices.
A key element of our strategy is focusing on mobile devices, and we expect to continue to devote significant resources to the creation and support of developing
new and innovative mobile products, services and apps. However, if our new mobile products, services and apps, including new forms of Internet advertising for
mobile devices, do not continue to attract and retain mobile users, advertisers and device manufacturers and to generate and grow mobile revenue, our
operating and ﬁnancial results will be adversely impacted. We are dependent on the interoperability of our products and services with mobile operating systems
we do not control and we may not be successful in maintaining relationships with the key participants in the mobile industry that control such mobile operating
systems. The manufacturer or access provider might promote a competitor’s or its own products and services, impair users’ access to our services by blocking
access through their devices, make it hard for users to readily discover, install, update or access our products on their devices, or charge us for delivery of ads,
or limit our ability to deliver ads or measure their effectiveness. It distributors impair access to or refuse to distribute our services or apps, or charge for or limit
our ability to deliver ads or measure the effectiveness of our ads, then our user engagement and revenue could decline.
If we do not manage our operating expenses effectively, our profitability could fail to improve and could decline.
We plan to continue to seek to operate efficiently and to manage our costs effectively. However, we are also investing in areas we believe will grow revenue and
our operating expenses might increase
15