Table,of,C,ontents
services that are greater than the cost of providing such services, our operating results could be harmed.
We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities which could negatively impact our income tax provision, net income, and cash flow.
We are subject to income taxes and other taxes in both the United States and the foreign jurisdictions in which we currently operate or have historically operated.
The determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and current and deferred tax assets and liabilities requires judgment and estimation. Our income
taxes could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in
jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax laws, regulations, or
accounting principles.
In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. As a US. multinational
corporation, we are subject to changing tax laws both within and outside of the United States. We cannot predict the form or timing of potential legislative
changes, but any newly enacted tax law could have a material adverse impact on our tax expense and cash flow. For example, several jurisdictions have sought
to increase revenues by imposing new taxes on internet advertising or increasing general business taxes. In addition, the Organization for Economic
Co-operation and Development (“OECD”), which represents a coalition of member countries, is supporting changes to numerous long-standing tax principles
through its base erosion and proﬁt shifting (BEPS) project, which is focused on a number of issues, including the shifting of proﬁts between afﬁliated entities in
different tax jurisdictions. To the extent any of these proposals are enacted into legislation by OECD member countries, or if other international, consensus-
based tax policies and principles are amended or implemented, they could adversely affect the amount of tax we pay and thereby our ﬁnancial position and
results of operations.
We earn a material amount of our income from outside the United States. As of December 31, 2016, we had undistributed foreign earnings of approximately $3.3
billion, related to our equity method investment in Yahoo Japan. While we do not currently anticipate repatriating these earnings, any repatriation of funds in
foreign jurisdictions to the United States could result in higher effective tax rates for us and subject us to signiﬁcant additional US. income tax liabilities.
We are subject to regular review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities as well as subject to the prospective and retrospective effects of
changing tax regulations and legislation. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may materially differ from the tax
amounts recorded in our consolidated ﬁnancial statements and may materially affect our income tax provision, net income, or cash ﬂows in the period or periods
for which such determination and settlement is made.
The pending transaction with Verizon requires signiﬁcant legal entity restructuring and realignment of corporate assets. While the restructuring and realignment
are intended to be performed in the most tax efﬁcient manner, there is no assurance that the anticipated benefits will be realized and that additional cash taxes
won’t become due.
Proprietary document formats may limit the effectiveness of our search technology by preventing our technology from accessing the content of
documents in such formats, which could limit the effectiveness of our products and services.
A large amount of information on the Internet is provided in proprietary document formats. These proprietary document formats may limit the effectiveness of
search technology by preventing the
32