Table,of,C,ontents
Cash and Cash Equivalents, Short- and Long-Term Marketable Securities. The Company invests its excess cash in money market funds, time deposits,
and liquid debt securities of the U.S. and foreign governments and their agencies, and high credit-quality corporate issuers which are classiﬁed as marketable
debt securities and cash equivalents. All investments in debt securities with an original maturity of 90 days or less are considered cash equivalents. Investments
in debt securities with remaining maturities of less than 12 months from the balance sheet date are classiﬁed as current assets, which are available for use to
fund current operations. Investments with remaining maturities greater than 12 months from the balance sheet date are classiﬁed as long-term assets.
Operating cash deposits held with banks may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. Generally, these deposits may be redeemed upon
demand and are maintained with ﬁnancial institutions with reputable credit and therefore bear limited credit risk. The Company seeks to mitigate its credit risk by
spreading such risk across multiple counterparties and monitoring the risk proﬁles of these counterparties.
The Company’s marketable equity securities, including Alibaba Group and Hortonworks, are classified as available-for-sale and are reported at fair value, with
unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. The change in the classiﬁcation of the Company’s investments in
Alibaba Group and Hortonworks to available-for-sale marketable securities exposes the Company’s investment portfolio to increased equity price risk. The
Company evaluates the marketable equity securities periodically for possible other-than-temporary impairment. A decline of fair value below cost basis is
considered an other-than-temporary impairment if the Company has the intent to sell the security or it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to
sell the security before recovery of the entire cost basis. In those instances, an impairment charge equal to the difference between the fair value and the cost
basis is recognized in earnings. Regardless of the Company’s intent or requirement to sell the marketable equity securities, an impairment is considered other-
than-temporary if the Company does not expect to recover the entire cost basis; in those instances, a loss equal to the difference between fair value and the cost
basis of the marketable equity security is recognized in earnings.
Realized gains or losses and declines in value judged to be other-than—temporary, if any, on available-for—sale securities are reported in other income (expense),
net. The Company evaluates its marketable debt investments periodically for possible other-than-temporary impairment. A decline of fair value below amortized
costs of debt securities is considered an other-than-temporary impairment if the Company has the intent to sell the security or it is more likely than not that the
Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of the entire amortized cost basis. In those instances, an impairment charge equal to the difference
between the fair value and the amortized cost basis is recognized in earnings. Regardless of the Company’s intent or requirement to sell a debt security, an
impairment is considered other-than—temporary if the Company does not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis; in those instances, a credit loss equal
to the difference between the present value of the cash ﬂows expected to be collected based on credit risk and the amortized cost basis of the debt security is
recognized in earnings. The Company has no current requirement or intent to sell a material portion of debt securities as of December 31, 2016. The Company
expects to recover up to (or beyond) the initial cost of investment for securities held. In computing realized gains and losses on available-for—sale securities, the
Company determines cost based on amounts paid, including direct costs such as commissions to acquire the security, using the speciﬁc identification method.
During the years ended December 31, 2014, 2015, and 2016, gross realized gains and losses on available-for—sale marketable debt and equity securities were
not material.
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts. The Company records its allowance for doubtful accounts based upon its assessment of various factors. The Company
considers historical experience, the age of the
103