Table,0f,C,0ntents
fair value of each of the elements of the agreement: $61 million was allocated to the sale of patents (“Sold Patents”), $135 million to the license to existing
patents (“Existing Patents”) and $264 million to the license of patents developed or acquired in the ﬁve years following the date the Company entered into the
agreement (“Capture Period Patents”). The Company recorded $61 million as a gain on the Sold Patents during 2014.
The amounts allocated to the license of the Existing Patents are being recorded as revenue over the four-year payment period under the license when payments
are due. The amounts allocated to the Capture Period Patents are being recorded as revenue over the ﬁve-year capture period. The Company recognized
$43 million, $86 million, and $86 million in revenue related to the Existing Patents and the Capture Period Patents during the years ended December 31 , 2014,
2015, and 2016, respectively.
Patent Sale Agreements
During 2014, the Company entered into patent sale agreements with a wholly—owned afﬁliate of Alibaba Group pursuant to which the Company sold certain
patents for aggregate consideration of $23.5 million. The gain on sale of these patents are recorded as a part of gain on sale of patents in the consolidated
statements of operations.
During 2014, the Company entered into a patent sale agreement with Yahoo Japan pursuant to which the Company sold certain patents for aggregate
consideration of $18 million. The gain on sale of these patents of $12 million is recorded as a part of gain on sale of patents in the consolidated statements of
operations.
During 2015 and 2016, the Company sold certain patents and recorded a gain on sale of patents of approximately $11 million and $2 million, respectively.
Sale of Santa Clara Property
During 2016, the Company entered into a purchase agreement to sell certain property located in Santa Clara, California. The total carrying value of the property
assets was $126 million, which mostly pertained to the land, and was reported within the Americas segment. The decision to sell this property was largely based
upon a general lack of operational need for the land and recent improvements in market conditions for commercial real estate in the area. The sale under the
purchase agreement was ﬁnalized on June 16, 2016 for total proceeds of $246 million, net of closing costs of $4 million. During the year ended December 31,
2016, the Company recorded a gain of $120 million, net of closing costs, on the sale of the property assets which is included in gain on sale of patents and land
in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.
Pending Sale of the Operating Business to Verizon Communications Inc.
On July 23, 2016, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the “Original Stock Purchase Agreement”) with Verizon Communications Inc.
(“Verizon”), pursuant to which the Company has agreed to sell, and Verizon has agreed to purchase (the “Sale”), all of the outstanding shares of Yahoo
Holdings, Inc., a newly formed wholly—owned subsidiary of the Company (“Yahoo Holdings”) (and prior to the sale of Yahoo Holdings to cause Yahoo Holdings to
sell to a foreign subsidiary of Verizon all of the equity interests in a foreign subsidiary of Yahoo Holdings that will hold certain foreign subsidiaries relating to the
Company’s operating business), which, immediately prior to the consummation of the Sale, will own the Company’s operating business. Under the Original Stock
Purchase Agreement, the aggregate consideration to be paid to the Company by Verizon in connection with the Sale was $4,825,800,000 in cash, subject to
certain adjustments as provided in the Original Stock Purchase Agreement.
130