Table,0f,C,0ntents
- The systems through which we provide our products and services are highly technical, complex, and interdependent. Design errors might exist in these
systems, or might be introduced when we make modifications, which might cause service malfunctions or require services to be taken ofﬂine while
corrective responses are developed.
- Despite our implementation of security measures, our servers and platforms are vulnerable to computer viruses, malware, worms, hacking, physical and
electronic break-ins, router disruption, sabotage or espionage, and other disruptions from unauthorized access and tampering (including through social
engineering such as phishing attacks), as well as coordinated denial-of-service attacks. We may not be in a position to promptly address attacks or to
implement adequate preventative measures if we are unable to immediately detect such attacks. Such events could result in large expenditures to
investigate or remediate, to recover data, to repair or replace networks, information systems, or platforms, including changes to security measures, to
deploy additional personnel, to defend litigation or regulatory actions or to protect against similar future events, and may cause damage to our reputation or
loss of revenue.
- We rely on third-party providers over which we have little or no control for our principal Internet connections and co-location of a signiﬁcant portion of our
data servers, as well as for our payment processing capabilities and key components or features of certain of our products and services. Any disruption of
the services they provide us or any failure of these third-party providers to handle higher volumes of use could, in turn, cause delays or disruptions in our
services and loss of revenue. In addition, if our agreements with these third-party providers are terminated for any reason, we might not have a readily
available alternative.
Prolonged delays or disruptions to our service could result in a loss of users, damage to our brands, legal costs or liability, and harm to our operating results.
Technologies, tools, software, and applications could block our advertisements, impair our ability to deliver interest-based advertising, or shift the
location in which advertising appears, which could harm our operating results.
Technologies, tools, software, and applications (including new and enhanced browsers) have been developed and are likely to continue to be developed that can
block or allow users to opt out of display, search, and interest-based advertising and content, delete or block the cookies used to deliver such advertising, or shift
the location in which advertising appears on pages so that our advertisements do not show up in the most monetizable places on our pages or are obscured.
Most of our revenue is derived from fees paid by advertisers in connection with the display of graphical and non—graphical advertisements or clicks on search
advertisements on web pages. As a result, the adoption of such technologies, tools, software, and applications could reduce the number of search and display
advertisements that we are able to deliver and/or our ability to deliver interest-based advertising and this, in turn, could reduce our advertising revenue and
operating results.
If we are unable to recruit, hire, motivate, and retain key personnel, we may not be able to execute our business plan.
Our business is dependent on our ability to recruit, hire, motivate, and retain talented, highly skilled personnel. Achieving this objective may be difﬁcult due to
many factors, including the pending Sale transaction with Verizon; the intense competition for such highly skilled personnel in the San Francisco Bay Area and
other metropolitan areas where our ofﬁces are located; competitors’ hiring practices; the effectiveness of our compensation and retention programs; and
ﬂuctuations in global economic and industry conditions. If we do not succeed in retaining and motivating our existing key employees, and in attracting new key
personnel, we may be unable to meet our business plan and as a result, our revenue and proﬁtability may decline.
23