Table,0f,C,0ntents
qualify for sales recognition under the sale-leaseback accounting guidance. If the Company continues to be the deemed owner, the facilities are accounted for
as ﬁnance leases.
Income Taxes. Deferred income taxes are determined based on the differences between the ﬁnancial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are
measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws. The Company records a valuation allowance against particular deferred income tax assets if it is more
likely than not that those assets will not be realized. The provision for income taxes comprises the Company’s current tax liability and change in deferred income
tax assets and liabilities.
Signiﬁcant judgment is required in evaluating the Company’s uncertain tax positions and determining its provision for income taxes. The Company establishes
liabilities for tax-related uncertainties based on estimates of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. These liabilities are established when
the Company believes that certain positions might be challenged despite its belief that its tax return positions are in accordance with applicable tax laws. The
Company adjusts these liabilities when new information becomes available, such as the closing of a tax audit, new tax legislation, developments in case law or
interactions with the tax authorities. To the extent that the ﬁnal tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect
the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. The provision for income taxes includes the effect of changes to liabilities for
tax-related uncertainties that are considered appropriate, as well as the related net interest and penalties. lncome taxes paid, net of refunds received, were
$90 million, $3 billion in the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2015, respectively. Income taxes refund received, net of payments made, was $151 million in
the year ended December 31, 2016. Interest paid was not material in any of the years presented. See Note 16—“lncome Taxes” for additional information.
Revenue Recognition. Revenue is generated from offerings, which include clicks on text-based links to advertisers’ websites that appear primarily on search
results pages (“search advertising”), the display of graphical, non—graphical, and video advertisements (“display advertising”), and other sources.
Search Revenue. Search revenue is generated from mobile and desktop clicks on text-based links to advertisers’ websites that appear primarily on search
results pages (“search advertising”). The Company recognizes revenue from search advertising on Yahoo Properties and Affiliate sites. Search revenue is
recognized based on Paid Clicks. A Paid Click occurs when an end—user clicks on a sponsored listing on Yahoo Properties and Afﬁliate sites for which an
advertiser pays on a per click basis. The Company also sells search trafﬁc to certain customers where it does not have a direct relationship with the advertiser, in
which case revenue is also recognized based on Paid Clicks. In the Microsoft Search Agreement, the Company agreed to request paid search results from
Microsoft for 51 percent of search queries originating from desktop computers accessing Yahoo Properties and Affiliate sites (the “Volume Commitment”). There
is no such Volume Commitment for trafﬁc generated on mobile devices.
On April 15, 2015, the Company and Microsoft Corporation (“Microsoft”) entered into the Eleventh Amendment (the “Eleventh Amendment”) to the Search and
Advertising Services and Sales Agreement (“Microsoft Search Agreement”). Pursuant to the Eleventh Amendment, the Company completed the transition of its
exclusive sales responsibilities to Microsoft for Microsoft’s paid search services to premium advertisers in the United States, Canada, and Europe on April 1,
2016 and in its remaining markets (other than Taiwan and Hong Kong) on June 1, 2016. Following the transition in each respective market, Yahoo is considered
the principal in the sale of trafﬁc to Microsoft and other customers because Yahoo is the primary obligor in its arrangements with Microsoft and has discretion in
how search queries from Afﬁliate sites will be fulﬁlled and monetized. As a result,
107