Table,0f,C,0ntents
The note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of the Notes and our common stock.
In connection with the pricing of the Notes, we entered into note hedge transactions with the option counterparties. The note hedge transactions are generally
expected to reduce the potential dilution upon conversion of the Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal
amount of converted Notes, as the case may be. We also entered into warrant transactions with the option counterparties. However, the warrant transactions
could separately have a dilutive effect to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants. The
initial strike price of the warrants was $71.24. Counterparties to the warrants may make adjustments to certain terms of the warrants upon the occurrence of
speciﬁed events, including the announcement of the Stock Purchase Agreement, if the event results in a material change to the trading price of our common
stock or the value of the warrants. To date, two counterparties have given us notices of adjustments reducing their warrant exercise prices.
In connection with establishing their initial hedge of the note hedge and warrant transactions, the option counterparties or their respective afﬁliates have
purchased shares of our common stock and/or entered into various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock concurrently with or shortly after
the pricing of the Notes. In addition, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various
derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to
the maturity of the Notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of Notes or following any repurchase of Notes by us on
any fundamental repurchase date or othenrvise). This activity could cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock or the
Notes.
Any adverse change in the rating of the Notes or the Company may cause their trading price to decline.
While we did not solicit a credit rating on the Company or on the Notes, one rating service has rated both the Notes and the Company. If that rating service
announces its intention to put the Company or the Notes on credit watch or lowers its rating on the Company or the Notes below any rating initially assigned to
the Company or the Notes, the trading price of the Notes could decline.
The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the Notes, could have a material effect on our reported
financial results.
In May 2008, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued FASB Staff Position No. APB 14-1, Accounting for Convertible Debt Instruments That
May Be Settled in Cash Upon Conversion (Including Partial Cash Settlement), which has subsequently been codiﬁed as Accounting Standards Codiﬁcation
(“ASC”) 470—20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options, which we refer to as ASC 470-20. Under ASC 470-20, an entity must separately account for the
liability and equity components of the convertible debt instruments (such as the Notes) that may be settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion in a
manner that reflects the issuer’s economic interest cost. The effect of ASC 470—20 on the accounting for the Notes is that the equity component is required to be
included in the additional paid-in capital section of stockholders’ equity on our consolidated balance sheet, and the value of the equity component would be
treated as debt discount for purposes of accounting for the debt component of the Notes. As a result, we will be required to record a greater amount of non—cash
interest expense in current periods presented as a result of the amortization of the discounted carrying value of the Notes to their face amount over the term of
the Notes. We will report lower net income in our ﬁnancial results because ASC 470-20 will require interest to include the current period’s amortization of the
debt discount, which could adversely affect our reported or future ﬁnancial results, the trading price of our common stock and the trading price of the Notes.
35