Table,0f,C,ontents
We transact business in various foreign currencies and have international revenue, as well as costs denominated in foreign currencies. This exposes us to the
risk of ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
We had net realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains of $4 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 and losses of $22 million and
$15 million for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, which include the impact of balance sheet hedging and remeasurements of foreign
denominated assets and liabilities on the balance sheets of the Company and our subsidiaries.
Translation Exposure. We are also exposed to foreign exchange rate ﬂuctuations as we convert the ﬁnancial statements of our foreign subsidiaries and our
investments in equity interests into U.S. dollars in consolidation. If there is a change in foreign currency exchange rates, the conversion of the foreign
subsidiaries’ ﬁnancial statements into U.S. dollars results in a gain or loss which is recorded as foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax within
accumulated other comprehensive income which is part of stockholders’ equity.
A Value-at-Risk (“VaR”) sensitivity analysis was performed on all of our foreign currency derivative positions to assess the potential impact of ﬂuctuations in
exchange rates. The VaR model uses a Monte Carlo simulation to generate thousands of random price paths assuming normal market conditions. The VaR is
the maximum expected one day loss in fair value, for a given statistical conﬁdence level, to our foreign currency derivative positions due to adverse movements
in rates. The VaR model is used as a risk management tool and is not intended to represent either actual or forecasted losses. Based on the results of the model
using a 99 percent conﬁdence interval, we estimate the maximum one-day loss in the net investment hedge portfolio was $6 million and $45 million at
December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The maximum one-day loss in the cash ﬂow hedge portfolio was $1 million and $3 million at December 31, 2016 and
2015, respectively. The maximum one-day loss in the balance sheet hedge portfolio was $5 million at December 31, 2016 compared to a $11 million and
$2 million loss at December 31 , 2015 and 2014, respectively. Actual future gains and losses associated with our derivative positions may differ materially from
the sensitivity analysis performed as of December 31, 2016 due to the inherent limitations associated with predicting the timing and amount of changes in foreign
currency exchange rates and our actual exposures and positions. In addition, the VaR sensitivity analysis may not reﬂect the complex market reactions that may
arise from the market shifts modeled within this VaR sensitivity analysis.
Revenue ex—TAC and related expenses generated from our international subsidiaries are generally denominated in the currencies of the local countries. Primary
currencies include Australian dollars, British pounds, Euros, Japanese yen, Taiwan dollars, Hong Kong dollars, Canadian dollars and Singapore dollars. The
statements of operations of our international operations are translated into U.S. dollars at exchange rates indicative of market rates during each applicable
period. To the extent the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign currency-denominated transactions results in reduced
consolidated revenue and operating expenses. Conversely, our consolidated revenue and operating expenses will increase if the U.S. dollar weakens against
foreign currencies. Using the foreign currency exchange rates from the year ended December 31, 2015, revenue ex-TAC for the Americas segment for the year
ended December 31, 2016 would have been higher than we reported by $5 million; revenue ex—TAC for the EMEA segment would have been higher than we
reported by $19 million; and revenue ex-TAC for the Asia Paciﬁc segment would have been lower than we reported by $4 million. Using the foreign currency
exchange rates from the year ended December 31, 2015, direct costs for the Americas segment for the year ended December 31, 2016 would have been higher
than we reported by $2 million; direct costs for the EMEA segment would have been higher than we reported by $4 million; and direct costs for the Asia Pacific
segment would have been higher than we reported by $4 million.
90