Table,0f,C,0ntents
Cost of revenuezTAC. TAC consists of payments made to Afﬁliates and payments made to companies that direct consumer and business trafﬁc to Yahoo
Properties. TAC is either recorded as a reduction of revenue or as cost of revenue—TAC.
TAC related to the Microsoft Search Agreement was recorded as a reduction to revenue for reporting periods through March 31, 2016. Beginning in the second
quarter of 2016, TAC related to the Microsoft Search Agreement is recorded as cost of revenue—TAC in markets that have completed the transition of exclusive
sales responsibilities to Microsoft for paid search services to premium advertisers pursuant to the Eleventh Amendment as described above. See Note 19
—“Microsoft Search Agreement” for additional information.
TAC recorded as cost of revenue—TAC also relates to the Company’s other offerings. The Company enters into Afﬁliate agreements of varying duration that
involve TAC. There are generally two economic structures of the Afﬁliate agreements: ﬁxed payments with or without a guaranteed minimum amount of trafﬁc
delivered or variable payments based on a percentage of the Company’s revenue or based on a certain metric, such as the number of searches or paid clicks.
The Company expenses TAC under two different methods. Agreements with ﬁxed payments are expensed ratably over the term the ﬁxed payment covers or as
the trafﬁc is delivered. Agreements based on a percentage of revenue, number of searches, or other metrics are expensed based on the volume of the
underlying activity or revenue multiplied by the agreed—upon price or rate.
The Company also has an agreement to compensate a third party, Mozilla Corporation (“Mozilla”), to make the Company the default search provider on certain
of Mozilla’s products in the United States. The Company records these payments as cost of revenue—TAC.
Cost of revenue=other. Cost of revenue—other consists of bandwidth costs, stock-based compensation, content, and other expenses associated with the
production and usage of Yahoo Properties, including expense and amortization of developed technology and patents. Cost of revenue—other also includes
costs for Yahoo’s technology platforms and infrastructure, including depreciation expense of facilities and other operating costs, directly related to revenue
generating activities.
Amortization of Intangibles. Amortization of customer, afﬁliate, and advertiser-related relationships and tradenames, trademarks and domain names are
classiﬁed within amortization of intangibles. Amortization of developed technology and patents is included in cost of revenue—other.
Product Development. Product development expenses consist primarily of compensation—related expenses (including stock-based compensation expense)
incurred for research and development, the development of, enhancements to, and maintenance and operation of Yahoo Properties, advertising products,
technology platforms, and infrastructure. Depreciation expense, third—party technology and development expense, and other operating costs are also included in
product development.
Advertising Costs. Costs of advertising are recorded as expense as advertising space or airtime is used. All other advertising costs are expensed as
incurred. Advertising expense totaled approximately $142 million, $184 million, and $135 million for 2014, 2015, and 2016, respectively.
Restructuring Charges. The Company has developed and implemented restructuring initiatives to improve efﬁciencies across the organization, reduce its
cost structure, and/or better align its resources with the Company’s product strategy. As a result of these plans, the Company has recorded restructuring charges
comprised principally of employee severance and associated termination costs related to the reduction of its workforce, the consolidation of certain real estate
facilities and data centers, losses on subleases, and contract termination costs. The Company’s
110