Table,0f,C,0ntents
accounts receivable balances, the credit quality of its customers, current economic conditions, and other factors that may affect customers’ ability to pay to
determine the level of allowance required.
Foreign Currency Derivative Financial Instruments. The Company uses derivative financial instruments, primarily foreign currency fon/vard contracts, to
mitigate certain foreign currency exposures. The Company hedges, on an after-tax basis, a portion of its net investment in Yahoo Japan Corporation (“Yahoo
Japan”). The Company has designated these foreign currency fonNard contracts as net investment hedges. The effective portion of changes in fair value is
recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet and any ineffective portion is recorded in other income
(expense), net on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. The Company expects the net investment hedges to be effective, on an after-tax basis,
and effectiveness will be assessed each quarter. Should any portion of the net investment hedge become ineffective, the ineffective portion will be reclassiﬁed to
other income (expense), net on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. The fair values of the net investment hedges are determined using
quoted observable inputs. Gains and losses reported in accumulated other comprehensive income will not be reclassiﬁed into earnings until a sale of the
Company’s underlying investment.
For derivatives designated as cash ﬂow hedges, the effective portion of the unrealized gains or losses on these fonNard contracts is recorded in accumulated
other comprehensive income on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets and reclassified into revenue in the consolidated statements of operations when
the underlying hedged revenue is recognized. If the cash flow hedges were to become ineffective, the ineffective portion would be immediately recorded in other
income (expense), net in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.
The Company hedges certain of its net recognized foreign currency assets and liabilities with foreign exchange fonNard contracts to reduce the risk that its
earnings and cash ﬂows will be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These balance sheet hedges are used to partially offset the
foreign currency exchange gains and losses generated by the re-measurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currency. Changes
in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded in other income (expense), net on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. The fair values of the
balance sheet hedges are determined using quoted observable inputs.
The Company recognizes all derivative instruments as other assets or liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets at fair value. See Note 9
—“Foreign Currency Derivative Financial lnstruments” for a full description of the Company’s derivative ﬁnancial instrument activities and related accounting.
Property and Equipment. Buildings are stated at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of 20 to 25 years.
Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of their expected useful lives and the remaining lease term. Computers and equipment and furniture and
ﬁxtures are stated at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally three to five years.
Property and equipment to be held and used are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the
assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on the lowest level of identiﬁable estimated undiscounted future cash ﬂows resulting
from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. Measurement of any impairment loss for long—lived assets that management expects to hold and use is
based on the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its fair value. No impairments of such assets were identiﬁed during any of the periods presented.
104