Table,0f,C,ontents
In some instances, however, we might purchase technology and license intellectual property rights if the opportunity is strategically aligned, operationally
compatible, and economically advantageous. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products, we
believe based on past experience and industry practice that such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially-reasonable terms. We believe our
continuing innovation and product development are not materially dependent upon any single license or other agreement with a third-party relating to the
development of our products.
Yahoo’s product teams, which include a broad array of engineering and product talent, support a large portion of the Yahoo product portfolio and technology
infrastructure. Our product teams have expertise in web and mobile user applications, scalable software platforms, information retrieval, machine learning and
science, editorial, networking/communications technologies, and presentation layer frameworks. We take security and privacy very seriously, and continuously
innovate to protect our users and their data.
Our engineering and production teams are primarily located in our Sunnyvale, California headquarters. Product development expenses for 2014, 2015, and 2016
totaled approximately $1,156 million, $1,178 million, and $1,055 million, respectively, which included stock-based compensation expense of $139 million,
$190 million, and $213 million, respectively.
Global Operations
We manage our business geographically. The primary areas of measurement and decision-making are Americas, EMEA (Europe, Middle East, and Africa), and
Asia Paciﬁc. Additional information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Note 18—“Segments” of the Notes to our consolidated financial
statements, which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10—K.
We own a majority or 100 percent of all of these international operations (except in Australia, New Zealand, and Japan where we have joint ventures and/or
noncontrolling interests). We support these businesses through a network of offices worldwide.
Revenue is primarily attributed to individual countries according to the international online property that generated the revenue.
Information regarding risks involving our international operations is included in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10—K and is
incorporated herein by reference.
Sales
We sell our advertising services through four primary channels: ﬁeld, mid-market, reseller/small business, and platform and exchange. Our ﬁeld advertising sales
team sells display advertising in all markets and search advertising to both premium and non-premium advertisers using Yahoo Gemini. Previously under the
Search Agreement, Yahoo had sales exclusivity for both the Company’s and Microsoft’s premium advertisers. Pursuant to the current terms of the Search
Agreement, as amended on April 15, 2015 by the Eleventh Amendment to the Search Agreement (the “Eleventh Amendment”), this sales exclusivity terminated
on July 1, 2015. In 2016, the Company and Microsoft completed the transition of premium advertisers for Microsoft’s paid search services to Microsoft on a
market-by—market basis (other than Taiwan and Hong Kong which will not transition). Our mid-market channel sells our advertising services to medium-sized
businesses, while our reseller/small business channel allows us to sell advertising services to additional regional and small business
10