Table,0f,C,ontents
The Amended Stock Purchase Agreement may be terminated by us or Verizon in certain circumstances. If the Amended Stock Purchase Agreement is
terminated, we may be required to pay Verizon a termination fee of $134,274,000 (which was reduced from $144,744,000 pursuant to the SPA Amendment) in
certain circumstances, including if we terminate the Amended Stock Purchase Agreement to enter into a superior proposal satisfying certain requirements.
Under the terms of the Amended Stock Purchase Agreement, each of our stock options outstanding immediately prior to the closing will, if not already vested,
become fully vested as of the closing and will remain outstanding in accordance with its terms, and we will retain all liabilities and obligations with respect to such
outstanding stock options. Each restricted stock unit (an “RSU”) of the Company that is outstanding immediately prior to the closing generally will be replaced
with a cash-settled Verizon RSU award, and will be subject to the same vesting and other terms and conditions as the Yahoo RSUs.
The Sale is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017.
We ﬁled a preliminary proxy statement regarding the Sale with the US. Securities and Exchange Commission on September 9, 2016.
Security Incidents
Description of Events
On September 22, 2016, we disclosed that a copy of certain user account information for approximately 500 million user accounts was stolen from Yahoo’s
network in late 2014 (the “2014 Security Incident”). The Company believes the user account information was stolen by a state-sponsored actor. The user
account information taken included names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, hashed passwords (the vast majority with the “bcrypt” hashing
algorithm) and, in some cases, encrypted or unencrypted security questions and answers. Our forensic investigation indicates that the stolen information did not
include unprotected passwords, payment card data, or bank account information. Payment card data and bank account information are not stored in the system
that the investigation found to be affected. We have no evidence that the state-sponsored actor is currently in or accessing the Company’s network.
On December 14, 2016, we disclosed that, based on our outside forensic expert’s analysis of data ﬁles provided to the Company in November 2016 by law
enforcement, we believe an unauthorized third party stole data associated with more than one billion user accounts in August 2013 (the “2013 Security
lncident”). We have not been able to identify the intrusion associated with this theft, and we believe this incident is likely distinct from the 2014 Security Incident.
For potentially affected accounts, the user account information stolen included names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, hashed passwords
(using the MD5 algorithm) and, in some cases, encrypted or unencrypted security questions and answers. The stolen information did not include passwords in
clear text, payment card data, or bank account information.
In November and December 2016, we disclosed that our outside forensic experts were investigating the creation of forged cookies that could allow an intruder to
access users’ accounts without a password. Based on the investigation, we believe an unauthorized third party accessed the Company’s proprietary code to
learn how to forge certain cookies. The outside forensic experts have identified approximately 32 million user accounts for which they believe forged cookies
were used or taken in 2015 and 2016 (the “Cookie Forging Activity”). We believe that some of this activity is connected to the same state-sponsored actor
believed to be responsible for the 2014 Security Incident. The forged cookies have been invalidated by the Company so they cannot be used to access user
accounts.
45