Table,0f,C,0ntents
- the impact of known potential liabilities or liabilities that may be unknown, including as a result of inadequate internal controls, associated with the
companies we acquired or in which we invested.
Our failure to be successful in addressing these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our acquisitions and strategic investments could cause
us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally.
A variety of new and existing U.S. and foreign government laws and regulations could subject us to claims, judgments, monetary liabilities and other
remedies, and to limitations on our business practices.
We are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. New laws and regulations, changes in existing
laws and regulations or the interpretation of them, our introduction of new products or forms of advertising (such as native advertising), or an extension of our
business into new areas, could increase our future compliance costs, make our products and services less attractive to our users, or cause us to change or limit
our business practices. We may incur substantial expenses to comply with laws and regulations or defend against a claim that we have not complied with them.
Further, any failure on our part to comply with any relevant laws or regulations may subject us to signiﬁcant civil or criminal liabilities, penalties, and negative
publicity.
The application of existing domestic and international laws and regulations to us relating to issues such as user privacy and data protection, data transfer, data
localization, security, defamation, pricing, advertising, taxation, gambling, sweepstakes, promotions, billing, real estate, fantasy sports, consumer protection,
accessibility, content regulation, quality of services, law enforcement demands, telecommunications, mobile, television, and intellectual property ownership and
infringement in many instances is unclear or unsettled. Further, the application to us or our subsidiaries of existing laws regulating or requiring licenses for
certain businesses of our advertisers can be unclear. For example, paid fantasy sports contests are an area of current regulatory uncertainty, with various
government authorities having taken positions that some types of contests are unlawful and/or subject to licensing requirements. Similarly, there are a number of
legislative proposals in the European Union and its member states that could impose new obligations in areas affecting our business, including, but not limited to,
copyright. U.S. export control laws and regulations also impose requirements and restrictions on exports to certain nations and persons and on our business.
Internationally, we may also be subject to laws regulating our activities in foreign countries and to foreign laws and regulations that are inconsistent from country
to country.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) is intended, in part, to limit the liability of eligible online service providers for caching, hosting, listing or linking to,
third-party websites or user content that include materials that give rise to copyright infringement. Portions of the Communications Decency Act (“CDA”) are
intended to provide statutory protections to online service providers who distribute third—party content. We rely on the protections provided by both the DMCA
and the CDA in conducting our business, and may be adversely impacted by future legislation and future judicial decisions altering these safe harbors or if
international jurisdictions refuse to apply similar protections.
Various U.S. and international laws restrict the distribution of materials considered harmful to children and impose additional restrictions on the ability of online
services to collect information from minors. These laws currently impose restrictions and requirements on our business, and future federal, state or international
laws and legislative efforts designed to protect children on the Internet may impose additional requirements on us.
27