Table,0f,C,ontents
The fair value of the equity investments in Alibaba Group and Hortonworks will vary over time and is subject to a variety of risks including: company
performance, macro-economic, regulatory, industry, and systemic risks of the equity markets overall. Consequently, the carrying value of the Company’s
investment portfolio will vary over time as the value of the Company’s investments in marketable equity securities fluctuates, including Alibaba Group and
Hortonworks changes.
Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenue earned from customers. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its
customers and maintains allowances for potential credit losses.
The Company’s derivative instruments, including the convertible note hedge transactions, expose the Company to credit risk to the extent that its derivative
counterparties become unable to meet their ﬁnancial obligations under the terms of the agreements. The Company seeks to mitigate this risk by limiting its
derivative counterparties to major ﬁnancial institutions and by spreading the risk across several major ﬁnancial institutions. In addition, the potential risk of loss
with any one counterparty resulting from this type of credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis. See “Note 9—Foreign Currency Derivative Financial
Instruments” for additional information related to the Company’s derivative instruments.
The Company also holds warrants in Hortonworks, which expose the Company to variability in fair value based on changes in the stock price and volatility as
inputs to the Black-Scholes model.
Revenue under the Company’s Search and Advertising Services and Sales Agreement (as amended, “Microsoft Search Agreement”) with Microsoft Corporation
(“Microsoft”) represented approximately 35 percent, 35 percent, and 37 percent of the Company’s revenue for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2015, and
2016, respectively, and no other individual customer accounted for 10 percent or more of the Company’s revenue for 2014, 2015, or 2016. As of December 31,
2015 and 2016, no one customer accounted for 10 percent or more of the accounts receivable balance.
Comprehensive Income (Loss). Comprehensive income (loss) consists of two components, net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss). Other
comprehensive income (loss) refers to revenue, expenses, and gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as an element of stockholders’ equity but are
excluded from net income (loss). The Company’s other comprehensive income (loss) consists of foreign currency translation adjustments from subsidiaries or
equity method investments where the local currency is the functional currency, from unrealized gains and losses on marketable securities classiﬁed as
available-for-sale, unrealized gains and losses on cash flow hedges, net changes in fair value of derivative instruments related to the Company’s net investment
hedges, as well as the Company’s share of its equity investees’ other comprehensive income.
Foreign Currency. The functional currency of the Company’s international subsidiaries is evaluated on a case-by-case basis and is often the local currency.
The ﬁnancial statements of these subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars using period—end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities, historical rates of
exchange for equity, and average rates of exchange for the period for revenue and expenses. Translation gains (losses) are recorded in accumulated other
comprehensive income as a component of stockholders’ equity. In addition, the Company records translation gains (losses) related to its foreign equity method
investments in accumulated other comprehensive income. The Company records foreign currency transaction gains and losses, realized and unrealized and
foreign exchange gains and losses due to re-measurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies in other income
(expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company recorded $15 million and $22 million net losses in 2014 and 2015, respectively, and a
$4 million net gain in 2016.
102