Table,0f,C,ontents
advertisers. Our platform sales team sells display, video and native advertising through the BrightRoll DSP, Yahoo’s demand side platform to agencies and
agency trading desks. Our exchange sales team sells display, video and native advertising through the BrightRoIl Exchange, Yahoo’s ad marketplace, to
demand side platforms, agency trading desks and brands. Our U.S. sales force is structured vertically, allowing us to offer customers integrated customer—centric
solutions. We believe this approach allows us to provide the best solutions across all of our products based on a deeper understanding of our customers’
businesses.
In the U.S., we employ sales professionals in multiple locations, including Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Detroit, Hillsboro, the Los Angeles area, Miami, New
York, Omaha, San Francisco, and Sunnyvale as of December 31, 2016. In international markets, we either have our own internal sales professionals or rely on
our established sales agency relationships in 35 countries, regions, and territories as of December 31, 2016.
Revenue under the Search Agreement represented approximately 35 percent, 35 percent, and 37 percent of our revenue for the years ended December 31,
2014, 2015, and 2016, respectively, and no other individual customer represented more than 10 percent of our revenue in 2014, 2015, or 2016.
Internet usage is subject to seasonal ﬂuctuations, typically declining during customary summer vacation periods and increasing during the fourth quarter holiday
period due to higher online retail activity. These seasonal patterns have affected, and we expect will continue to affect, our business and quarterly sequential
revenue growth rates.
Marketing
Yahoo is one of the most recognized brands in the world. Our products, services, and content enable us to attract, retain, and engage users, advertisers, and
publishers. Our marketing team will help shape our offerings to better market them to our potential and existing users.
Competition
Our industry is characterized by rapid evolution and innovation through disruptive technologies. We face signiﬁcant competition from a wide range of businesses,
particularly companies that seek to connect people with digital content and with each other. We compete on a global scale for audience share, marketers, and
talent. Our competition includes:
- General purpose search engines and information services such as Alphabet’s Google and Microsoft’s Bing.
- Companies such as Facebook and Twitter that provide mail, photo sharing, blogging, microblogging, and other social or communication services. These
areas are attracting an increasing share of users, users’ online time (across mobile and desktop), and advertising dollars.
- Companies that offer an integrated variety of Internet products, advertising services, technologies, online services, and/or content in a manner similar to us
that compete for the attention of our users, advertisers, developers, and third—party website publishers. We also compete with these companies to obtain
agreements with third parties to promote or distribute our services.
- Digital, broadcast, and print media companies with which we compete for the attention of consumer audiences and share of advertising dollars. This area
has become increasingly competitive as traditional media companies make the shift online to compete for users, users’ time, and advertising dollars across
mobile and desktop.
11