Table,0f,C,ontents
services on a non-exclusive basis for Yahoo Properties on mobile, desktop, and Afﬁliate sites. This agreement is subject to a volume commitment by the
Company to request paid search results from Microsoft for 51 percent of its search queries originating from desktop computers accessing Yahoo Properties and
its Afﬁliate sites and to display only Microsoft’s paid search results on such search result pages. In October 2015, Yahoo entered into the Google Services
Agreement (the “Services Agreement”) with Google Inc. (“Google”) that provides Yahoo with additional ﬂexibility to choose among suppliers of search results and
ads. Google’s offerings complement the search services provided by Microsoft and Yahoo Gemini (Yahoo’s platform for search and native advertising). See
“Advertiser Products” and “Advertising Formats” below for further information about our Yahoo Gemini platform. Yahoo continues to develop and launch features
around the results to enhance the search experience for our users.
Communications
Yahoo Mail is a primary driver of engagement across our user offerings. Yahoo Mail connects users to the people and content most important to them across
mobile and desktop. We support connecting external mail providers (such as Gmail, AOL, and Outlook) for users to manage multiple accounts from the Yahoo
Mail client. Each Yahoo Mail account comes with one terabyte of free storage and is integrated with contacts, calendar, and messaging (see Yahoo Messenger
section below). The Yahoo Mail mobile app includes user-centric features such as account key, compose assistant, document preview, and smart contacts.
Yahoo Messenger, our instant messaging service, provides an interactive and personalized way for users to connect, communicate, and share experiences in
real—time. It incorporates many of our existing platforms including Tumblr and Xobni, with features like GlF search, “hearting” messages, and unsend. Yahoo
Messenger is available as a mobile app, on the web, and also integrated directly into Yahoo Mail on desktop to drive deeper engagement with users.
Digital Content
Our Digital Content offerings include: Tumblr, our global social platform, and our four core verticals: Yahoo News, Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Finance, and Yahoo
Lifestyle. Our Digital Content is available on mobile or desktop.
Yahoo News , which can be accessed through the Yahoo App and the Yahoo homepage at Yahoo.com , gives users access to discover , consume, and engage
around the news, content, and video they care about all in one place. We continue to provide current and trending news and information from Yahoo original
editorial and partner content. Yahoo News is optimized to provide a consistent, easy-to-use content discovery experience across mobile and desktop with
breaking news, local weather, a personalized content stream, and social sharing capabilities.
Yahoo Sports serves one of the largest audiences of sports enthusiasts in the world and delivers experiences for every fan, every day. Yahoo Sports provides
users access to Fantasy Sports.
Yahoo Finance provides a comprehensive set of ﬁnancial data, information, and tools that helps users make informed financial decisions. The robust content on
Yahoo Finance is a mix of Yahoo original editorial and syndicated news via relationships with several third-party partners.
Yahoo Lifestyle brings together content, commerce, and community to engage users passionate about style, fashion, and entertainment. Yahoo’s Lifestyle
features Yahoo’s original editorial voice to deliver authoritative and authentic style and beauty content. V\ﬁth Polyvore, users have access to discover and publish
their own style trends, and to buy items featured in articles and sets through
7