Table,0f,C,ontents
$218 million and $36 million, respectively. The decline in fees revenue was primarily due to the completion of recognition of deferred revenue under the TIPLA
with Alibaba Group pursuant to which we recognized $199 million in the year ended December 31, 2015. The decline in listings—based revenue for the year
ended December 31, 2016 was primarily attributable to a decline in e—commerce revenue and a directory product that we shut down in 2015.
Other revenue for the year ended December 31, 2015 decreased $137 million, or 15 percent, compared to 2014, primarily attributable to a decline in fees and
listings-based revenue of $79 million and $59 million, respectively. The decline in fees revenue was primarily attributable to a decline in Alibaba Group royalty
revenue pursuant to the TIPLA, for which we ceased recognizing fees revenue in September 2014 due to the Alibaba Group lPO. The decline in listings—based
revenue was attributable to a decline in auction and exchange fees, shopping traffic, and expiration of a partner agreement. The decline in fees and listings—
based revenue was also attributable to declines in Yahoo Small Business associated with a reduction in its subscriber base.
The decline in other revenue for the year ended December 31, 2015 described above included the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange ﬂuctuations of
$10 million using the foreign currency exchange rates from the year ended December 31, 2014.
Search and Display Metrics
We present information below regarding the number of “Paid Clicks” and “Price-per—Click” for search and the number of “Ads Sold” and “Price-per—Ad” for
display. This information is derived from internal data.
“Paid Clicks” are deﬁned as clicks by end-users on sponsored search listings (excluding native ad units, which are deﬁned as display ads that appear in the
content streams viewed by users) on Yahoo Properties and Afﬁliate sites. Advertisers generally pay for sponsored search listings on a per—click basis. “Search
click-driven revenue” is gross search revenue (GAAP search revenue plus the related revenue share with third parties), excluding search revenue from Yahoo
Japan. “Price-per—Click” is deﬁned as search click-driven revenue divided by our total number of Paid Clicks.
“Ads Sold” consist of display ad impressions for paying advertisers on Yahoo Properties and Affiliate sites. “Price-per—Ad” is deﬁned as display revenue from
Yahoo Properties and Afﬁliate sites divided by our total number of Ads Sold. Our price and volume metrics for display are based on display revenue which we
report on a gross basis (before TAC), and include data for graphical, sponsorship, and native ad units on Yahoo Properties and Afﬁliate sites.
We periodically review, reﬁne and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting number of Paid Clicks and Ads Sold and for calculating
search click—driven revenue, Price—per—Click, and Price-per—Ad. Commencing in the ﬁrst quarter 2015, our display price and volume metrics (Price-per-Ad and
Ads Sold) include (a) results from Yahoo Properties worldwide (other than Japan, where Yahoo branded sites are operated by third-party licensees), whereas
previously those metrics excluded countries and regions where historical data was not previously retained in a manner that would support
period—to-period comparisons; (b) results from Afﬁliate sites (including Afﬁliates of Flurry and BrightRoll) and (c) historical Tumblr data. Prior period amounts have
been updated to conform to the current presentation.
Search Metrics
For the year ended December 31, 2016, Paid Clicks decreased 22 percent and Price-per—Click increased 10 percent, compared to 2015. The decline in Paid
Clicks was primarily due to a decline in
58