Table,0f,C,ontents
Company, and the Company likely being removed from the Standard and Poor’s 500 Index and other indices which could have an adverse impact on the
Company’s share price following the Sale transaction.
All of these risks and uncertainties could potentially have an adverse impact on our business and ﬁnancial performance, and could cause our stock price to
decline.
We are still in the process of assessing the full extent of the impact of the Security Incidents and the related government investigations and civil
litigation on our results of operations, which could be material.
We are still in the process of assessing the ﬁnancial and other effects of the Security Incidents (See Item 7—“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Security Incidents”), which may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and reputation.
As a result of the Security Incidents, we are facing approximately 43 putative consumer class action lawsuits, four stockholder derivative actions and one
putative stockholder class action, and other lawsuits and claims may be asserted by or on behalf of users, partners, shareholders, or others seeking damages or
other related relief, allegedly arising out of the Security Incidents. We are also facing investigations by a number of federal, state, and foreign governmental
ofﬁcials and agencies. These claims and investigations may adversely affect how we operate our business, divert the attention of management from the
operation of the business, and result in additional costs and potential fines. In addition, the governmental agencies investigating the Security Incidents may seek
to impose injunctive relief, consent decrees, or other civil or criminal penalties which could, among other things, materially increase our data security costs, and
affect how we operate our systems and collect and use customer and user information.
Our security measures may be breached as they were in the Security Incidents and user data accessed, which may cause users and customers to
curtail or stop using our products and services, and may cause us to incur significant legal and financial exposure.
Our products and services involve the storage and transmission of Yahoo’s users’ and customers’ personal and proprietary information in our facilities and on
our equipment, networks, and corporate systems. Yahoo is routinely targeted by outside third parties, including technically sophisticated and well—resourced
state-sponsored actors, attempting to access or steal our user and customer data or othenNise compromise user accounts. We believe such a state-sponsored
actor was responsible for the theft involved in the 2014 Security Incident and for at least some of the Cookie Forging Activity. Security breaches or other
unauthorized access or actions expose us to a risk of theft of user data, regulatory actions, litigation, investigations, remediation costs, damage to our reputation
and brand, loss of user and partner conﬁdence in the security of our products and services and resulting fees, costs, and expenses, loss of revenue, damage to
our reputation, and other potential liability. Outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce our employees, users, partners, customers, or other parties to
disclose sensitive information or take other actions to gain access to our data or our users’ or customers’ data, and such unauthorized access may continue
undetected for an extended period of time. In addition, hardware, software, or applications we procure from third parties may contain defects in design or
manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise network and data security. In addition, systems and software implemented by us or our
partners may contain security vulnerabilities, or may be implemented improperly due to human error or limitations in affected systems. Additionally, some third
parties, such as our distribution partners, service providers, vendors, and app developers, may receive, transmit, process, access or store information provided
by us or by our users through systems and applications that are integrated with Yahoo systems, properties and services. If these third parties fail to adopt or
adhere to adequate data security practices, or in the event of a breach of their networks, our data or our users’ data may be improperly
17