Table,0f,C,0ntents
revenue that we receive. In other cases, we agree that if the distributor does not realize specified minimum revenue we will adjust the distributor’s revenue-share
percentage or provide make-whole arrangements.
Some of our distribution agreements are not exclusive, have a short term, are terminable at will, or are subject to early termination provisions. The loss of
distributors, increased distribution costs, or the renewal of distribution agreements on signiﬁcantly less favorable terms may cause our revenue to decline.
If we are unable to license, acquire, create or aggregate compelling content and services at reasonable cost, or receive compelling content, the
number of users of our services may not grow as anticipated, or may decline, or users’ level of engagement with our services may decline, all of
which could harm our operating results.
Our future success depends in part on our ability to aggregate compelling content and deliver that content through our online properties. We license from third
parties much of the content and services on our online properties, such as news, stock quotes, weather, sports, video, and photos. In addition, our users also
contribute content to us, and our employees and contractors produce unique content for us. We believe that users will increasingly demand high—quality content
and services. We may need to make substantial payments to third parties from whom we license or acquire such content or services. Our ability to maintain and
build relationships with such third—party providers is critical to our success. In addition, as users increasingly access the Internet via mobile and other alternative
devices, we may need to enter into amended agreements with existing third-party providers to cover new devices. We may be unable to enter into new, or
preserve existing, relationships with the third—parties whose content or services we seek to obtain. In addition, as competition for compelling content increases
both domestically and internationally, our third-party providers may increase the prices at which they offer their content and services to us, stop offering their
content or services to us, or offer their content and services on terms that are not agreeable to us. An increase in the prices charged to us by third-party
providers or in the costs we incur to produce our own content could harm our operating results and ﬁnancial condition. Further, because many of our licenses for
our content and services with third parties are non-exclusive, other media providers may be able to offer similar or identical content. This increases the
importance of our ability to deliver compelling editorial content and personalization of this content for users in order to differentiate Yahoo from other businesses.
If we are unable to license or acquire compelling content at reasonable cost, if other companies distribute content or services that are similar to or the same as
that provided by us, or if we do not receive compelling content from our users, the number of users of our services may not grow as anticipated, or may decline,
users’ level of engagement with our services may decline, clicks on our ads may decrease, or advertisers may reduce future purchases of our ads, all or any of
which could harm our operating results.
Interruptions, delays, or failures in the provision of our services could damage our reputation and harm our operating results.
Delays or disruptions to our service, or the loss or compromise of data, could result from a variety of causes, including the following:
- Our operations are susceptible to outages and interruptions due to ﬁre, ﬂood, earthquake, tsunami, other natural disasters, power loss, equipment or
telecommunications failures, cyber attacks, terrorist attacks, political or social unrest, and other events over which we have little or no control. We do not
have multiple site capacity for all of our services and some of our systems are not fully redundant in the event of delays or disruptions to service, so some
data or systems may not be fully recoverable after such events.
22