Table,0f,C,0ntents
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, “Leases” which, for operating leases, requires a lessee to recognize a right-of—use asset and a lease liability,
initially measured at the present value of the lease payments, in its balance sheet. The standard also requires a lessee to recognize a single lease cost,
calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term, on a generally straight-line basis. The ASU is effective for public companies for ﬁscal
years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those ﬁscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the effects that the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on the Company’s consolidated ﬁnancial position, results of operations and cash ﬂows and anticipates the
new guidance will significantly impact its consolidated ﬁnancial statements given the Company has a signiﬁcant number of leases.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-06, “Contingent put and call options in debt instruments, a consensus of the FASB’s Emerging Issues Task Force,”
which simpliﬁes the embedded derivative analysis for debt instruments containing contingent call or put options. The new guidance clariﬁes that an exercise
contingency does not need to be evaluated to determine whether it relates to interest rates and credit risk in an embedded derivative analysis. A contingent put
or call option embedded in a debt instrument would be evaluated for possible separate accounting as a derivative instrument without regard to the nature of the
exercise contingency. The ASU is effective for public companies for ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those ﬁscal
years. Early adoption is permitted for any interim and annual ﬁnancial statements that have not yet been issued. The new guidance is required to be applied on a
modified retrospective basis to all existing and future debt instruments. An entity will be able to elect the fair value option at transition for the entire debt
instrument, including its embedded features, but will not be able to unwind a previously-elected fair value option. The Company is not early adopting this
standard and will consider the guidance for future transactions once it is effective.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07, “Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting,” which eliminates the requirement to apply the
equity method of accounting retrospectively when a reporting entity obtains signiﬁcant inﬂuence over a previously held investment in order to reduce recognition
and presentation complexity in ﬁnancial reporting. Instead, the new guidance requires equity method of accounting to be applied prospectively from the date
signiﬁcant inﬂuence is obtained. The ASU is effective for public companies for ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those
ﬁscal years. Early adoption is permitted for any interim and annual ﬁnancial statements that have not yet been issued. The new guidance is required to be
applied prospectively for investments that qualify for the equity method of accounting after the effective date. The Company is not early adopting this standard
and will consider the guidance for future transactions once it is effective.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, “Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting” as part of its simpliﬁcation initiative, which
involves several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax effects, statutory withholding requirements, forfeitures,
and classiﬁcation on the statement of cash ﬂows. Under ASU 2016-09, stock based compensation excess beneﬁts (if any) will be recorded to the consolidated
statements of operations. The ASU is effective for public companies for ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those ﬁscal
years. The Company will adopt this guidance in the ﬁrst quarter of 2017. Upon adoption of this guidance, the Company will record the cumulative tax beneﬁts
that were not previously recognized because the related tax deduction had not reduced taxes payable. This cumulative impact is expected to increase retained
earnings by approximately $100 million.
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, “Financial Instruments—Credit Losses”, which introduces new guidance for credit losses on instruments within its
scope. The new guidance introduces an
113