Table,0f,C,ontents
Display Advertising. Yahoo display ads leverage a comprehensive set of proprietary data signals to identify and engage the right users on Yahoo and across
the web. V\ﬁth display ads, Yahoo can help brands make meaningful connections with the right users at the right time, across devices.
Native Advertising. Yahoo native ads are a seamless part of a user’s experience on Yahoo sites across devices, as well as third-party partner publisher sites
and mobile apps. This natural integration helps advertisers connect with people in a compelling and impactful way, driving awareness and performance,
especially on mobile where native ads are the predominant ad format. Yahoo native ads are visually rich and come in a variety of formats, like text, image, and
video that deliver measurable branding and sales results. Yahoo offers native ads through Yahoo Gemini and the BrightRoll DSP.
Video Advertising. Yahoo video ads enable brands to align with premium, contextually relevant video programming across our properties and third party
publisher partners. In addition, we leverage Yahoo’s unique user data to connect brands to their target audiences at scale across devices.
Premium Advertising. Yahoo premium ads offer a unique and engaging canvas for brand storytelling. We offer high-impact advertising opportunities on
Yahoo.com, Yahoo Mail, and program sponsorships of major events. Brands have the ability to anchor buys within premium content and scale programmatically,
while applying unique data strategies to reach their target audience.
Audience Advertising. Yahoo audience ads leverage a comprehensive set of proprietary data signals to identify and engage the right users on Yahoo and
across the web. VWth audience ads, Yahoo can help brands make meaningful connections with the right users at the right time, across ad formats and devices.
Developer Offerings
The Yahoo Mobile Developer Suite gives developers the ability to measure, monetize, advertise, and improve their apps with Yahoo tools.
FIurryAnaIytics is a free mobile app analytics solution that is implemented in applications on more than 2 billion devices worldwide. Flurry is integrated in third—
party applications via a lightweight software developer kit (“SDK”). Flurry provides mobile app developers insight into the actions their users are taking in—app. as
well as their audience’s interests and demographics. Additionally, Flurry Pulse allows users to share data with partners and comScore for data validation.
Yahoo App Publishing (“YAP”) enables third-party app developers to monetize their app experiences with native and video advertising from Yahoo Gemini,
Flurry, and BrightRoll advertisers. Developers can integrate YAP through the Flurry SDK.
Yahoo App Marketing gives third-party app developers the ability to advertise their apps through targeted native and video advertising on Yahoo, Tumblr, and
across our app network. Yahoo App Marketing ads are powered by Yahoo Gemini and priced on a cost-per-click basis.
Tumblr In-App Sharing allows developers to integrate a Tumblr sharing button into their app experiences to enable their users to share content directly to
Tumblr without leaving their app. When a user shares content from a developer’s app, it will be posted to the user’s Tumblr blog along with a deep-link back to
the developer’s app. By clicking this deep-link, users will be directed to the developer’s app, and if the user does not have the developer’s app, they will see a
prompt to install it.
Product Development
Yahoo continually launches, improves, and scales products and features to meet evolving user, advertiser, and publisher needs. Most of our software products
and features are developed internally.
9