Expected
Adoption Date Financial
Date Issued Reference Description and Method Statement Impact
June 2016-13: Financial The purpose of this ASU is to amend the January Currently
2016 Instruments - Credit current incurred loss impairment 2020, under
Losses (Topic 326) methodology with a new methodology Adoption evaluation; not
— Measurement of that reflects expected credit losses and method varies expected to be
Credit Losses on requires a broader range of reasonable by material.
Financial and supportable information to inform amendment
Instruments credit loss estimates. This is the final
credit accounting standard, out of a
series, with detailed guidance on the
new loss reserve model, Current
Expected Credit Loss ("CECL"). Among
other provisions, the amendments in the
ASU require a financial asset (or group
of assets) measured at amortized cost
basis to be presented at the net amount
expected to be collected. Entities are
no longer required to wait until a loss is
probable to record it.
May 2016 2016-12: Revenue The amendments in this ASU clarify January Currently
from Contracts with certain aspects regarding the 2018, under
Customers (Topic collectibility criterion, sales taxes Modified evaluation (1)
606) — Narrow- collected from customers, noncash retrospective
scope consideration, contract modifications,
Improvements and and completed contracts at transition. lt
Practical Expedients additionally clarifies that retrospective
application only requires disclosure of
the accounting change effect on prior
periods presented, not on the period of
adopﬁon.
April 2016 2016-10: Revenue The amendments in this ASU clarify the January Currently
from Contracts with following two aspects of Topic 606: 2018, under
Customers (Topic identifying performance obligations and Modified evaluation (1)
606) — Identiij/ing the licensing implementation guidance, retrospective
Performance while retaining the related principles for
Obligations and those areas. The amendments do not
Licensing change the core principle of the
guidance.
March 2016-08: Revenue The amendments in this ASU are January Currently
2016 from Contracts With intended to improve the operability and 2018, under
Customers (Topic understandability of the implementation Modified evaluation (1)
606) — Principal guidance on principal versus agent retrospective
versus Agent considerations, but do not change the
Considerations core principle of the guidance.
(Reporting Re venue
Gross versus Net)
March 2016-09: The amendments in this ASU are January Expected to
2016 Compensation — intended to simplify various aspects of 2017, be material (2)
Stock accounting for stock-based Adoption
Compensation compensation, including income tax method varies
(Topic 718) — consequences, classification of awards by
Improvements to as equity or liability, as well as amendment
Employee Share- classification of activities within the
based Payment statement of cash flows.
Accounting
February 2016-02: Leases The new standard requires lessees to January Currently
2016 (Topic 842) recognize assets and liabilities arising 2019, under
from both operating and financing Modified evaluation;
leases on the balance sheet. Lessor retrospective expected to be
accounting for leases is largely material, but
unaffected by the new guidance. not yet
quantifiable.
94