Property and Equipment — Property and equipment are stated at cost. Costs to construct significant assets
include capitalized interest incurred during the construction and development period. Expenditures for replacements
and improvements are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred.
Depreciation of property and equipment is calculated on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful
lives:
Category Range
iFacilities and improvements 73 to 40 years,
Revenue and service equipment 2 to 20 years
Furniture and office equipment 3 to 5years
Net gains on the disposal of property and equipment are presented in the consolidated income statements within
operating income.
Tires on purchased revenue equipment are capitalized along with the related equipment cost when the vehicle is
placed in service and depreciated over the life of the vehicle. Replacement tires are classified as inventory and
expensed when placed in service.
Management evaluates its property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable in accordance with ASC Topic 360, Property, Plant and
Equioment. When such events or changes in circumstances occur, management performs a recoverability test that
compares the carrying amount with the projected undiscounted cash flows from the use and eventual disposition
of the asset or asset group. An impairment is recorded for any excess of the carrying amount over the estimated
fair value. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques including discounted cash flow models,
quoted market values and third-party independent appraisals, as considered necessary.
Intangible Assets other than Goodwill — The Company's intangible assets other than goodwill primarily consist
of acquired customer relationships and trade names. Amortization of acquired customer relationships is calculated
on the 150% declining balance method over the estimated useful life of 15 years. The customer relationship
contributed to the Company at May 9, 2007 is amortized over 15 years on a straight-line basis. The trade name
has an indefinite useful life and is not amortized, but is tested for impairment at least annually, unless events occur
or circumstances change between annual tests that would more likely than not reduce the fair value.
Management reviews its intangible assets for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable, in accordance with ASC Topic 350, Intangibles — Goodwill
and Other. When such events or changes in circumstances occur, management performs a recoverability test that
compares the carrying amount with the projected undiscounted cash flows from the use and eventual disposition
of the asset or asset group. An impairment is recorded for any excess of the carrying amount over the estimated
fair value, which is generally determined using discounted future cash flows.
Goodwill —Management evaluates goodwill on an annual basis as of November 30th, or more frequently if indicators
of impairment exist. The Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that
the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount. If the Company concludes that it is more likely
than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the Company conducts a two-step
quantitative goodwill impairment test. The first step of the quantitative impairment test involves comparing the fair
values of the applicable reporting units with their carrying values. Management estimates the fair values of its
reporting units using a combination of the income and market approaches. If the carrying amount of a reporting
unit exceeds the reporting unit's fair value, then management performs the second step of the quantitative impairment
test. The second step of the quantitative impairment test involves comparing the implied fair value of the affected
reporting unit's goodwill with the carrying value of that goodwill. Any amount by which the carrying value of the
goodwill exceeds its implied fair value is recognized as an impairment loss. Refer to Note 8 for discussion of the
results of the Company's annual evaluation as of November 30, 2016.
90