7 California Wage, Meal, and Rest: Driver Class Actions
The plaintiffs generally allege one or more of the following: that the Company 1) failed to pay the California minimum
wage; 2) failed to provide proper meal and rest periods; 3) failed to timely pay wages upon separation from
employment; 4) failed to pay for all hours worked; 5) failed to pay overtime; 6) failed to properly reimburse work-
related expenses; and 7) failed to provide accurate wage statements.
I Court or agency currently
Plaintiff(s) 7 iDefendant(s) 7 :Date instituted : :pending in _
John Burnell (1) 7 Swift Transportation Co., March 22, 2010 United States District
lnc Court for the Central
District of California
James R. Rudsell (1) Swift Transportation Co. April 5, 2012 United States District
of Arizona, LLC and Court for the Central
Swift Transportation District of California
Company
Lawrence Peck (1) Swift Transportation Co. September 25, 2014 United States District
of Arizona, LLC Court for the Central
District of California
Lawrence Peck (“(2) Swift Transportation Co. November 20, 2014 Superior Court of
of Arizona, LLC, et al. California, County of
Riverside
Sadashiv Mares (1) Swift Transportation Co. February 27, 2015 United States District
of Arizona, LLC Court for the Central
District of California
Rafael McKinstym Swift Transportation Co. April 15, 2015 United States District
of Arizona, LLC, et al. Court for the Central
District of California
Thor Nilsen (1) October 15, 2015 United States District
Swift Transportation Co. Court for the Central
of Arizona, LLC District of California
I Recent Developments and Current Status
Before and during 2016, the Rudsell, Peck, Peck PAGA, Mares, McKinsty, and Nilsen complaints were stayed,
pending resolution of earlier-filed cases. In May 2016, the Burnell plaintiffs were denied class certification. Their
subsequent petition to appeal the decertification order was also denied. Following the Burnell plaintiffs' failure to
certify the class, the stays on certain cases were lifted. Those cases are now in discovery. Based on the current
procedural nature of the cases, the final disposition of the matter and impact to the Company cannot be determined
at this time. The likelihood that a loss has been incurred is remote.
_ California Wage, Meal, and Rest: Yard Host/er Class Actions I
The plaintiffs, representing yard hostlers employed by the Company in California, generally allege one or more of
the following: that the Company 1) failed to pay minimum wage; 2) failed to pay overtime and doubletime wages
required by California law; 3) failed to provide accurate, itemized wage statements; 4) failed to timely pay wages
upon separation from employment; 5) failed to reimburse for business expenses; and 6) failed to provide proper
meal and rest periods.
I Court or agency currently
Plaintiff(s) 7 :Defendant(s) : :Date instituted : :pending in _
Grant F ritsch (1) Swift Transportation January 28, 2016 Superior Court of
Company of Arizona, California, County of
LLC and Swift San Bernardino
Transportation Company
Bill Barker, Tab Swift Transportation April 1, 2016 United States District
Bachman3 and William Company of Arizona, Court for the Eastern
Yingling (1 LLC District of California
I Recent Developments and Current Status
The Barker and Fritsch complaints are currently in discovery. The Company retains all of its defenses against
liability and damages related to these lawsuits. Additionally, the Company intends to vigorously defend against
the merits of the claims and to challenge certification. The final disposition of these matters and the impact on the
Company cannot be determined at this time. The likelihood that a loss has been incurred is remote.
112