Seasonality
In the truckload industry, results of operations generally show a seasonal pattern. As customers ramp up for the
year-end holiday season, the late third and fourth quarters have historically been our strongest volume quarters.
As customers reduce shipments after the winter holiday season, the first quarter has historically been a lower volume
quarter for us than the other three quarters. In recent years, the macro consumer buying patterns combined with
shippers' supply chain management, which historically contributed to the fourth quarter "peak" season, continued
to evolve. As a result, our fourth quarter 2016, 2015, and 2014 volumes did not peak early in the quarter. Instead,
volumes during the fourth quarter were more evenly disbursed throughout the quarter, with a brief decrease the
week of the US. Thanksgiving holiday and then tapering off the last week of the year. In the eastern and mid-
western United States, and to a lesser extent in the western United States, during the winter season our equipment
utilization typically declines and operating expenses generally increase, with fuel efficiency declining because of
engine idling and severe weather sometimes creating higher accident frequency, increased claims, and more
equipment repairs. Revenue may also be affected by holidays as a result of curtailed operations or vacation
shutdowns, because our revenue is directly related to available working days of shippers. From time to time, we
also suffer short-term impacts from severe weather and similar events, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, blizzards,
ice storms, floods, fires, earthquakes, and explosions that could harm our results of operations or make our results
of operations more volatile.
Environmental Regulation
General — We have bulk fuel storage and fuel islands at many of our terminals, as well as vehicle maintenance,
repair, and washing operations at some of our facilities, which exposes us to certain environmental risks. Soil and
groundwater contamination have occurred at some of ourfacilities in prior years, for which we have been responsible
for remediating the environmental contamination. Also, less than one percent of our total shipments contain
hazardous materials, which are generally rated as low- to medium-risk. In the past, we have been responsible for
the costs of clean-up of cargo and diesel fuel spills caused by traffic accidents or other events.
We have instituted programs to monitor and mitigate environmental risks and maintain compliance with applicable
environmental laws dealing with the hauling, handling, and disposal of hazardous materials, fuel spillage or seepage,
emissions from our vehicles and facilities, engine-idling, discharge and retention of storm water, and other
environmental matters. As part of our safety and risk management program, we periodically perform internal
environmental reviews. We are a Charter Partner in the EPA's SmartWay Transport Partnership, a voluntary program
promoting energy efficiency and air quality. We believe that our operations are sufficiently in compliance with current
laws and regulations and do not know of any existing environmental condition that would reasonably be expected
to have a material adverse effect on our business or operating results.
If we are held responsible for the cleanup of any environmental incidents caused by our operations or business, or
if we are found to be in violation of applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to liabilities, including
substantial fines or penalties or civil and criminal liability. We have paid penalties for spills and violations in the
past; however, they have not been material to our financial results or position.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Fuel Efﬁciency Standards — In 2008 the State of California's Air Resources
Board ("ARB") approved the Heavy-Duty Vehicle GHG Emission Reduction Regulation in efforts to reduce GHG
emissions from certain long-haul tractor-trailers that operate in California by requiring them to utilize technologies
that improve fuel efficiency (regardless of where the vehicle is registered). The regulation required owners of long-
haul tractors and 53-foot trailers to replace or retrofit their vehicles with aerodynamic technologies and low rolling
resistance tires. The regulation also contained certain emissions and registration standards for refrigerated trailers.
Thereafter, the EPA and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ("NHTSA") began taking coordinated
steps in support of a new generation of clean vehicles and engines through reduced GHG emissions and improved
fuel efficiency at a national level.
16