[ mammm ]
I Aggregate information regarding accruals for the below owner-operator matters: I
I Explanation if no accrual has I
Aggregate accrual : : Aggregate range of loss in excess of accrual : : been made _
For certain matters, it is
not probable that a loss
was incurred and/or the
$25.0 million $— million - $44.0 million amount of loss cannot be
reasonably estimated.
For those matters, no
accrual has been made.
_ Arizona Owner-operator Class Action I
The putative class alleges that the Company improperly compensated owner-operators (later expanding the class
to include employee drivers) using the contracted and industry standard remuneration based upon dispatched
miles, instead of using a method of calculating mileage that the plaintiffs allege would be more accurate.
I Court or agency currently
Plaintiff(s) 7 :Defendant(s) : :Date instituted : : pending in _
ILeonel Garza (1) Swift Transportation Co., January 30, 2004 Arizona Supreme Court I
Inc.
I Recent Developments and Current Status
The original trial court's decision was to deny class certification of the owner-operators, which was reversed and
reinstated several times by various courts prior to 2016. The class is currently certified, based on an appellate
court's decision from July 2016. The Company filed a petition for review with the Arizona Supreme Court in August
2016, which was denied in January 2017. The matter will now proceed in the Maricopa County Superior Court.
The final disposition of the matter and impact to the Company cannot be determined at this time. The likelihood
that a loss has been incurred is remote.
_ Ninth Circuit Owner-operator Misc/assiﬁcation Class Action I
The putative class alleges that the Company misclassified owner-operators as independent contractors in violation
of the F LSA and various state laws, and that such owner-operators should be considered employees. The lawsuit
also raises certain related issues with respect to the lease agreements that certain owner-operators have entered
into with lEL.
I Court or agency currently
Plaintiff(s) 7 iDefendant(s) 7 Date instituted : : pending in _
Joseph Sheer, Virginia Swift Transportation Co., December 22, 2009 Unites States District
Van Dusen, Jose lnc., Interstate Court of Arizona and
Motolinia, Vickii Equipment Leasing, lnc., Ninth Circuit Court of
Schwalm, Peter Wood (1) Jerry Moyes, and Chad Appeals
Killebrew
I Recent Developments and Current Status
For several years, the parties have been arguing over the proper venue in which to proceed. The plaintiffs argue
that they signed contracts of employment, thus exempting them from arbitration under the Federal Arbitration Act,
and claim that their case should be heard in court by ajudge. The Company takes the position that these individuals
signed independent contractor agreements and therefore can properly be required to submit their claims to
arbitration. In January 2017, the district court issued an order finding that the plaintiffs had signed contracts of
employment and thus the case could properly proceed in court. The Company has appealed this decision to the
Ninth Circuit and will seek to stay the district court case, pending resolution of the appeal. The Company intends
to vigorously defend against any proceedings. The final disposition of the matter and impact to the Company
cannot be determined at this time. The likelihood that a loss has been incurred is remote.
114