received by Swift with entities affiliated with Mr. Moyes. Because certain entities controlled by Mr. Moyes and certain
members of his family operate in the transportation industry, Mr. Moyes' ownership may create conflicts of interest
or requirejudgments that are disadvantageous to our stockholders in the event we compete for the same freight or
other business opportunities. As a result, Mr. Moyes may have interests that conflict with our stockholders.
We have a policy that requires prior approval of related party transactions. Additionally, our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation contains provisions that specifically relate to prior approval of related party transactions
with Mr. Moyes, the Moyes Affiliates, and any Moyes-affiliated entities. However, we cannot provide assurance that
the policy or these provisions will be successful in eliminating conflicts of interest. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation also provides that in the event that any Swift officer or director is also an officer, director,
or employee of an entity owned by (or affiliated with) Mr. Moyes (or any Moyes Affiliate) and acquires knowledge
of a potential transaction or other corporate opportunity not involving the transportation industry or involving
refrigerated or LTL transportation, then, subject to certain exceptions, we shall not be entitled to such transaction
or corporate opportunity and there should be no expectancy that such transaction or corporate opportunity will be
available to us.
Mr. M0 yes, our majority shareholder and Board member, has substantial ownership interests in and
guarantees related to several other businesses and real estate investments, Which may expose Mr. M0 yes
to signiﬁcant lawsuits or liabilities.
in addition to being our majority shareholder and Board member, Mr. Moyes is the principal stakeholder of, and
serves as chairman of the board of directors of SME Industries, Inc, a steel erection and fabrication company,
Southwest Premier Properties, LLC, a real estate management company, and is involved in other business endeavors
in a variety of industries and has made substantial real estate investments.
in one instance of litigation arising from another business owned by Mr. Moyes, Swift was named as a defendant
even though Swift was not a party to the transactions that were the subject of the litigation. It is possible that litigation
relating to other businesses owned by Mr. Moyes in the future may result in Swift being named as a defendant and,
even if such claims are without merit, that we will be required to incur the expense of defending such matters. In
many instances, Mr. Moyes has given personal guarantees to lenders to the various businesses and real estate
investments in which he has an ownership interest and, in certain cases, the underlying loans are in default and
are in the process of being restructured and/or settled. If Mr. Moyes is otherwise unable to settle or raise the
necessary amount of proceeds to satisfy his obligations to such lenders, he may be subject to significant lawsuits,
and expose his shares of stock to creditors.
IITEM 73. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS I
None.
| ITEM 2. PROPER TIES |
Our headquarters are owned by the Company and situated on approximately 118 acres in Phoenix, Arizona. Our
headquarters consist of a three-story administration building with 126,000 square feet of office space; 106,000
square feet of repair and maintenance buildings; a 20,000 square-foot drivers' center and restaurant; an 8,000
square-foot recruiting and training center; a 6,000 square-foot warehouse; a BOO-space parking structure; a two-
bay truck wash; and an eight-lane fueling facility.
We have over 40 locations in the United States and Mexico, including terminals, driver academies, and certain other
locations. Our terminals may include customer service, marketing, fuel, and/or repair facilities. We believe that
substantially all of our property and equipment is in good condition and our facilities have sufficient capacity to meet
our current needs. From time to time, we invest in additional facilities to meet the needs of our business as we
pursue additional growth.
32