IITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON I
7 ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 7
None.
IITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES |
Disclosure Controls and Procedures 7
As of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K, we carried out an evaluation, under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 1 3a-1 5(e) and 1 5d-1 5(e), including
controls and procedures to timely alert management to material information relating to Swift Transportation Company
and subsidiaries required to be included in our periodic SEC filings. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO
have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by
this report.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There has been no significant change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended
December 31, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) underthe Securities Exchange Act of 1 934. The Company's internal control
over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that:
(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the Company's assets;
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with the authorization of management and directors of the Company; and
(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or
disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance
with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
Under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and CFO, management conducted an evaluation of
the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016. In making this evaluation,
management used the criteria in Internal Control — Integrated Framework, issued in 2013 by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Based on this assessment, management
concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2016.
The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 was audited by KPMG LLP,
the independent registered public accounting firm that also audited the Company's consolidated financial statements
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. KPMG LLP's report on the Company's internal control over financial
reporting is included herein.
132