These regulations may increase our costs of regulatory compliance, limit our ability to change premiums, restrict
our ability to access cash held in our captive insurance companies, and otherwise impede our ability to take actions
we deem advisable.
We are subject to certain risks arising from doing business in Mexico.
We have a growing operation in Mexico, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Trans-Mex, which subjects us to
general international business risks, including:
- foreign currency fluctuation;
0 changes in the economic strength of Mexico;
0 difficulties in enforcing contractual obligations and intellectual property rights;
0 burdens of complying with a wide variety of international and Unites States export, import, and business
procurement laws;
0 changes in trade agreements and United States-Mexico relations; and
o social, political, and economic instability.
In addition, if we are unable to maintain our C-TPAT status, we may have significant border delays. This could
cause our Mexican operations to be less efficient than those of competitor truckload carriers that have C-TPAT
status and operate in Mexico. We also face additional risks associated with our foreign operations, including
restrictive trade policies and imposition of duties, taxes, or government royalties imposed by the Mexican government,
to the extent not preempted by the terms of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
’Financial Risk 7
A material portion of our revenue is concentrated in a group of major customers. As such, we would be
adversely affected if we lost one or more of these major customers.
Our revenue is concentrated in a group of major customers, as discussed in Part I, Item 1, under "Customers and
Marketing." Retail and discount retail customers account for a substantial portion of our freight, creating a
dependency on consumer spending and retail sales for us. Given this, our results may be more susceptible to
trends in unemployment and retail sales than carriers that do not have this concentration.
Economic conditions and capital markets may adversely affect our customers and their ability to remain solvent.
Our customers' financial difficulties can negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition if they
were to curtail their operations or delay or default on their payments to us. Aside from our Dedicated segment, we
generally do not have contractual relationships that guarantee any minimum volumes with our customers, and we
cannot provide assurance that our customer relationships will continue. Our Dedicated segment is generally subject
to longer-term written contracts than our Truckload segment business; however, certain of these contracts contain
cancellation clauses. If we lost one or more major customers, it could have a material impact on our results of
operations and financial position. There is no assurance that any of our customers will continue to utilize our
services, renew our existing contracts, or continue at the same volume levels.
We have signiﬁcant ongoing capital requirements that necessitate sufﬁcient cash flow from operations and/
or obtaining ﬁnancing on favorable terms.
The truckload industry is capital intensive. Historically, we have depended on cash from operations, borrowings
from banks and finance companies, issuances of notes, and leasing activities to expand the size of our terminal
network and upgrade and expand the size of our revenue equipment fleet.
Credit markets may weaken again at some point in the future, which would make it difficult for us to access our
current sources of credit and difficult for our lenders to find the capital to fund us. We may need to incur additional
debt, or issue debt or equity securities in the future, to refinance existing debt, fund working capital requirements,
make investments, or support other business activities. Declines in consumer confidence, decreases in domestic
spending, economic contractions, and other trends in the credit market may impair our future ability to secure
financing on satisfactory terms, or at all.
In the future, we could face inabilities with generating sufficient cash from operations, obtaining sufficient financing
on favorable terms, or maintaining compliance with financial and other covenants in our financing agreements. If
any of these events occur, then we may face liquidity constraints, be forced to enter into less favorable financing
25