Based on the information currently available from the diagnostic phase, management cannot yet determine the
quantitative impact on the financial statements; however, the impact is expected to be immaterial (potentially
with changes only to the timing of revenue recognition between reportable periods, as well as changes in the
requirements for accounting policy and other new disclosures). The financial impact is expected to be
quantifiable by the time the Company files its first Quarterly Report on Form 10-0 in 2017, at which time the
Company will be transitioning into the design and planning phase of implementing ASC Topic 606. Since we
are continuing to evaluate the impact of ASC Topic 606, our disclosures around our preliminary assessments
are subject to change.
(2) The amendments to ASC Topic 718, Compensation — Stock Compensation, that are expected to affect the
Company are discussed below.
- Accounting for Income Tax Beneﬁts/Deﬁciencies: All excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies (including
tax benefits of dividends on share-based payment awards) should be recognized as income tax expense
or benefit in the income statement. The tax effects of exercised or vested awards should be treated as
discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur. An entity should also recognize excess tax
benefits regardless of whether the benefit reduces taxes payable in the current period. Modified
retrospective application is required, by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity.
Upon adoption, the Company will need to reclassify approximately $16.8 million in historical net tax benefit/
deficiency amounts previously recorded within additional paid-in capital into retained earnings/accumulated
deficit. Going forward, tax benefit/deficiency amounts will be recorded in net income.
- Classiﬁcation of Excess Tax Beneﬁts on the Statement of Cash Flows: Excess tax benefits should be
classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity. Application is permitted to be
prospective or retrospective.
Current GAAP requires classification within cash flows from financing activities. The Company presents
its statement of cash flows using the indirect method, which presents excess tax benefits within cash flows
from financing activities and a corresponding offset within the net income reconciliation of cash flows from
operating activities. As such, the Company will need to reclassify the excess tax benefit amounts out of
cash flows from financing activities and into cash flows from operating activities, upon adoption.
Management expects to apply these amendments retrospectively.
- Forfeitures: An entity can make an entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate the number of
awards that are expected to vest (current GAAP) or account for forfeitures when they occur. Modified
retrospective application is required, by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity.
Upon adoption, the Company expects to transition to accounting for forfeitures when they occur. This
would result in approximately a $2.5 million unfavorable cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings/
accumulated deficit to catch-up the previously unrecognized stock-based compensation associated with
historical assumed forfeiture rates. Going forward, forfeitures will be recorded as favorable adjustments
to stock-based compensation as they occur.
- Ctassiﬁcatioozoi:EmgxeejaxeszEatdzonzttzejtatemenLoLCastL/EtowsiWhenaoimﬁyeolildtonotds,
Soatesjorlax;withholdingoucooses: Cash paid by an employer when directly withholding shares for tax-
withholding purposes should be classified as a financing activity. Retrospective application is required.
Beginning in 2016, the Company began allowing certain members of management to have shares withheld
for taxes when their restricted stock awards and performance units vest. As such, upon adopting the
amendments in this ASU, the Company will need to present the amounts out of cash flows from operating
activities and into cash flows from financing activities for the periods presented. For 2016, the amount
was approximately $0.5 million.
96