years, we increased these rates to better attract and retain drivers. To the extent that the economy improves, we
expect that we would need to continue to increase driver compensation and owner-operator contracted rates in
order to remain competitive. in addition to intense driver market conditions, proposed changes to regulations around
drug and alcohol testing and corresponding compliance measures implemented by the Company may further
challenge our ability to attract and retain qualified drivers.
Our high driver turnover rate (especially within 90 days of hire) requires us to continually recruit a substantial number
of drivers in order to operate existing revenue equipment. If we do not attract and retain enough drivers, we could
be forced to operate with fewer trucks. This would likely erode our size and profitability.
Our contractual agreements with owner-operators expose us to risks that we do not face with our company
drivers.
Our financing subsidiaries offer financing to some of the owner-operators we contract with to purchase or lease
tractors from us. If these owner-operators default or experience a lease termination in conjunction with these
agreements and we cannot replace them, we may incur losses on amounts owed to us. Also, if liquidity constraints
or other restrictions prevent us from providing financing to the owner-operators we contract with in the future, then
we could experience a shortage of owner-operators. This would be detrimental to our efforts to maximize our
capacity contracted from owner-operators.
Pursuant to our fuel reimbursement program with owner-operators, when fuel prices increase above a certain level,
we share the cost with the owner-operators we contract with in order to mute the impact that increasing fuel prices
may have on their business operations. A significant increase or rapid fluctuation in fuel prices could cause our
reimbursement costs under this program to be higher than the revenue we receive from our customers under our
fuel surcharge programs.
Owner-operators are third-party service providers, as compared to company drivers, who are employed by Swift.
As independent business owners, the owner-operators we contract with may make business or personal decisions
that conflict with the best interests of Swift. For example, if a load is unprofitable, route distance is too far from
home, personal scheduling conflicts arise, or for other reasons, owner-operators may deny loads of freight from
time to time. In these circumstances, Swift must be able to timely deliver the freight in order to maintain relationships
with customers.
We depend on key personnel to manage our business and operations.
Our success depends on our ability to retain our executive officers, including Richard Stocking (our President and
CEO) and Virginia Henkels (our CFO). Inadequate succession planning or unexpected departure of key executive
officers could cause substantial disruption to our business operations, deplete our institutional knowledge base and
erode our competitive advantage. We currently have severance protection agreements in place with certain members
of our executive management team. We believe that the executive officers identified above possess valuable
knowledge about the trucking industry and that their knowledge and relationships with our key customers and
vendors would be difficult to replicate. Although we believe we could replace key personnel, we may not be able
to do so without incurring substantial costs.
Our ability to offer intermodal and brokerage services could be limited if we experience performance
instability from third parties we use in those businesses.
Our intermodal business utilizes railroads and some third-party drayage carriers to transport freight for our customers.
in most markets, rail service is limited to a few railroads or even a single railroad. Our ability to provide intermodal
services in certain traffic lanes would be reduced or eliminated if the railroads' services became unstable. The cost
of our rail-based services would likely increase, and the reliability, timeliness, and overall attractiveness of these
services would likely decrease. Furthermore, railroads increase shipping rates as market conditions permit. Price
increases could result in higher costs to our customers and negatively impact the demand for our intermodal services.
in addition, we may not be able to negotiate additional contracts with railroads to expand our capacity, add additional
routes, or obtain multiple providers, which could limit our ability to provide this service.
Our brokerage business is dependent upon the services of third-party capacity providers, including other truckload
carriers that are our competitors. These third-party providers seek other freight opportunities and may require
increased compensation in times of improved freight demand or tight trucking capacity. Our inability to secure the
services of these third parties, or increases in the prices we must pay to secure such services, could have an adverse
effect on our operations and profitability.
22