The truckload industry is highly competitive and fragmented, which subjects us to competitive pressures
pertaining to pricing, capacity, and service.
Our operating segments compete with many truckload carriers, and some LTL carriers, railroads, logistics, brokerage,
freight forwarding, and other transportation companies. Additionally, some of our customers may utilize their own
private fleets rather than outsourcing loads to us. Some of our competitors may have greater access to equipment,
a wider range of services, greater capital resources, less indebtedness, or other competitive advantages. Numerous
competitive factors could impair our ability to maintain or improve our profitability. These factors include the following:
0 Many of our competitors periodically reduce their freight rates to gain business, especially during times of
reduced growth in the economy. This may make it difficult for us to maintain or increase freight rates, or may
require us to reduce our freight rates, or lose freight. Additionally, it may limit our ability to maintain or expand
our business.
0 Since some of our customers also operate their own private trucking fleets, they may decide to transport more
of their own freight.
0 Some shippers have selected core carriers for their shipping needs, for which we may not be selected.
- Many customers periodically solicit bids from multiple carriers for their shipping needs, which may depress
freight rates or result in a loss of business to competitors.
- The continuing trend toward consolidation in the trucking industry may result in more large carriers with greater
financial resources and other competitive advantages, with which we may have difficulty competing.
0 Higher fuel prices and higher fuel surcharges to our customers may cause some of our customers to consider
freight transportation alternatives, including rail transportation.
0 Competition from freight logistics and brokerage companies may negatively impact our customer relationships
and freight rates.
- Smaller carriers may build economies of scale with procurement aggregation providers, which may improve
the smaller carriers' abilities to compete with us.
Our company strategy includes pursuing selected acquisitions; however, we may not be able to execute
or integrate future acquisitions successfully.
Historically, a key component of our growth strategy has been to pursue acquisitions of complementary businesses,
for example, the Central Acquisition. Although we currently do not have any additional acquisition plans, we expect
to consider acquisitions in the future. Current or future acquisition and integration of target companies may negatively
impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations because:
~ The business may not achieve anticipated revenue, earnings, or cash flows.
~ We may assume liabilities beyond our estimates or what was disclosed to us.
~ We may be unable to integrate successfully and realize the anticipated economic, operational, and other benefits
in a timely manner, which could result in substantial costs and delays or other operational, technical, or financial
problems.
0 The acquisition could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management, and divert our resources.
- We may have limited experience in the acquiree's market and may experience difficulties operating in its market.
~ There is a potential for loss of customers, employees, and drivers of the acquired company.
0 We may incur indebtedness or issue additional shares of stock.
Operational Risk *
Consistent with industry trends, we face challenges with attracting and retaining qualiﬁed company drivers
and owner-operators.
Recent driver shortages have required, and could continue to require, us to spend more for hiring, including recruiting
and advertising. Our challenge with attracting and retaining qualified drivers stems from intense market competition,
which subjects us to increased payments for driver compensation and owner-operator contracted rates. In recent
21