Other Obligations — On April 20, 2016, Mr. Moyes entered into a settlement agreement with the National Hockey
League ("NHL") relating to a previously disclosed lawsuit between the NHL and Mr. Moyes. As part of the settlement
agreement, certain of Mr. Moyes' adult children entered into a Non-Recourse Guaranty and Pledge Agreement with
the NHL pursuant to which they guaranteed certain obligations of Mr. Moyes and certain Moyes Affiliates to the
NHL. The guarantor's obligations are collateralized by 2.0 million shares of Class B common stock owned by the
guarantors.
Margin Pledging Limitations —The Company has a securities trading policy ("STP") that includes, among other
things, limitations on the pledging of Company stock on margin. As disclosed at the time of our IPO, under the STP,
directors, senior executive officers (including the CEO), and compliance officers were not permitted to pledge more
than 20% of their family stock holdings for margin loans. In July 2013, the Nominating and Governance Committee
and the Board approved revisions to the STP to further limit pledging of stock on margin, under which, effective July
1, 2014, the limitation was reduced to 15% of family stock holdings and was scheduled to be reduced to 10% of
family stock holdings as of July 1, 2015.
In June 2015, our then-Chief Executive Officer, Jerry Moyes, reported to the independent chairman of the Board
that he was in compliance with the limitation on pledging stock on margin and was working to reduce the amount
pledged on margin to below the 10% limit scheduled to take effect, but needed until November 2015 to do so in an
orderly fashion. Following Board discussion of these circumstances, the Board amended the STP so that the 15%
limit would remain in effect through November 30, 2015 and the 10% limit would take effect on December 1, 2015.
In October 2015, Mr. Moyes informed the Company that due to the drop in the stock price he had pledged additional
shares of Company stock on margin in August and September 2015, in contravention of the STP, and that the
percentage of family stock holdings pledged on margin was in excess of the 15% limit. He was precluded from
selling shares during this time because he was in possession of material non-public information.
The independent members of the Board met and considered these events in light of competing concerns. On the
one hand, the policy and limitations on pledging stock on margin were intended to avoid the risks of stock being
sold to satisfy a margin call at a time when Company insiders might have material nonpublic information. On the
other hand, unwinding margin positions in significant amounts in a short period could generate adverse market
perceptions concerning the Company and the stock. In addition, the Board sought additional information regarding
Mr. Moyes' plans to reduce the level of stock pledged on margin.
In response to these developments and the competing concerns identified, the Board directed Mr. Moyes to reduce
the level of stock pledged on margin to 1 5% or less of family holdings no later than November 4, 2015 and determined
to waive compliance with the 10% limit (but not the 15% limit) through December 31, 2016 so that the margin
positions could be reduced in an orderly fashion. In addition, the Board formally reprimanded Mr. Moyes and imposed
sancﬁons.
The Company's stock price volatility continued in December 2015 and necessitated Mr. Moyes to increase the level
of Company stock pledged on margin; thereby exceeding the 15% limit. Taking into account various competing
concerns, on December 18, 2015, the Board determined to waive compliance with the 15% limit (but not the 20%
limit) through December 31, 2016 to allow Mr. Moyes to reduce the margin position in an orderly manner.
After giving effect to the amendments and waivers discussed above, the current STP provides that directors, senior
executive officers (including the CEO), and compliance officers are not permitted to pledge more than 20% of their
family stock holdings for margin loans through December 31 , 2016, reducing to 15% of family stock holdings through
December 31, 2017 and 10% of family stock holdings after January 1, 2018.
Mr. Moyes' consulting contract with Swift, effective December 31 , 2016, contains a clause that addresses his hedging
and pledging transactions. With respect to these transactions, so long as Mr. Moyes remains an officer or director
of the Company, those transactions are generally required to be conducted in accordance with the Company's STP,
effective as of August 31, 2016. As such, Board approval is required prior to Mr. Moyes conducting any such
transactions. Pursuant to the consulting contract, the Company has agreed to take reasonable and prompt action
(including Board consideration and submission of customary transfer agent and similar letters and confirmations)
to permit the Moyes Affiliates to effect such transactions.
We engage in transactions With otherbusinesses controlled b y ourmajority shareholder and Board member,
Jerry Mo yes. This could create conflicts of interest between Mr. Mo yes and our other stockholders.
We engage in various transactions with companies controlled by and/or affiliated with related parties. These
transactions include freight services, facility leasing, air transportation, and other services provided by and/or
31