[almiﬁzoﬁgso ]
We supplement our company tractor fleet with owner-operators, who own and operate their own tractors and are
responsible for ownership and operating expenses. We believe that owner-operators provide significant
advantages that primarily arise from the entrepreneurial motivation of business ownership. The owner-operators
we contract with tend to be more experienced, have fewer accidents per million miles, and on average, produce
higher weekly revenue per tractor than our company drivers.
[catamaran ]
Historically, driver recruiting and retention have been significant challenges for truckload carriers. To address
these challenges, we employ nationwide recruiting efforts through our terminal network, operate eleven driver
academies, partner with third-party driver training facilities, provide drivers with modern tractors, and promote
numerous driver satisfaction initiatives.
[WW ]
Our short- and medium-haul regional operating model contributes to higher revenue per mile and takes advantage
of shipping trends toward regional distribution. We also experience less competition in our short- and medium-
haul regional business from railroads. In addition, our regional terminal network allows our drivers to be home
more often, which assists with driver retention.
Our management team has a proven track record of growth and cost control. Management focuses on disciplined
execution and financial performance by measuring our progress through a combination of financial metrics. We
align management's priorities with our stockholders' through equity incentive awards and an annual performance-
based bonus plan.
Company Strategy 7
Our key financial goals include improving our asset utilization, controlling costs, growing Adjusted EPS (defined in
"Non-GAAP Financial Measures" under Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations), improving return on net assets, as well as generating cash flow to reinvest in our business,
repay debt, and return capital to our stockholders. We align our company focus to attain these goals by implementing
the following strategies, which we believe also serve to minimize the impact of challenges currently faced in the
trucking industry.
8