[ ]
To increase freight volumes and yield, we intend to further penetrate our existing customer base, cross-sell our
services, pursue new customer opportunities by leveraging our outstanding customer service and extensive suite
of truckload services, and effectively price fuel surcharges. In our pursuit to be best in class, we survey our
customers and identify areas where we can accelerate the capture of new freight opportunities, improve our
customers' experience, and profit from enhancing the value our customers receive. We are continuously refining
our freight management tools to allocate our equipment to more profitable loads and complementary shipping
lanes. In addition to growth in our core OTR dry van truckload business, we are targeting expansion in the following
areas:
W Dedicated contracts are often used by our customers with high-service and high-priority
WWW freight, sometimes to replace private fleets previously operated by them. The size and
scale of our fleet and terminal network allows us to provide the equipment availability
and high service levels required for dedicated contracts. We believe these opportunities
will increase in times of scarce capacity in the truckload industry.
Beginning with the Central Acquisition, we compete in the over-the-road temperature-
eon 0 led controlled business to complement our dedicated temperature-controlled and our OTR
dry van service offerings. Growth in the temperature-controlled market has outpaced
the dry van market over the past ten years, and many of our current customers have a
need for this service. We believe the scale provided by the Central Acquisition and our
ability to penetrate our existing customer base provides us with future opportunities in
this growing market.
mm The combination of our United States, cross-border, customs brokerage, and Mexican
operations enables us to provide efficient door-to-door service between the United States
and Mexico, as well as Canada. We believe our sophisticated load security measures,
as well as our DHS status as a C-TPAT carrier, allow us to offer more efficient service
than most competitors and afford us substantial advantages with major cross-border
United States/Mexico and United States/Canada shippers.
gig-g We believe we have a substantial opportunity to continue to increase our non-asset-
_ based freight brokerage and logistics services. We believe many customers increasingly
seektransportation companies that offer both asset-based and non-asset-based services
to ensure additional certainty that safe, secure, and timely truckload service will be
available on demand. We intend to continue growing our transportation management
and freight brokerage capability to build market share, earn marginal revenue on more
loads, and preserve our assets for the most attractive lanes and loads.
We have intermodal agreements with most major North American rail carriers, which
have helped increase our volumes through more competitive pricing. Our intermodal
presence, which expanded to service Mexico in 2013, complements our regional
operating model and allows us to better serve customers in longer haul lanes and reduce
our investment in fixed assets. Our intermodal fleet has more than doubled its size since
its inception in 2005. Our capacity totaled 9,131 and 9,150 containers as of December
31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
9