| Limits I
$250.0 million of coverage per occurrence ($350.0 million aggregated limits 7
MMIEZ through October 31, 2016), subject to a $10.0 million self-insured retention
per-occurrence.
$2.0 million limit per truck or trailer with a $10.0 million limit per occurrence;
provided that there is a $1.0 million limit for tobacco loads and a $250
thousand deductible
Property $150.0 million limit for property and $100.0 million limit for vehicle damage,
Physi excluding over the road exposures, subject to a $1.0 million deductible
a”? w; Statutory coverage limits; employers' liability of $1.0 million bodily injury by
W_gw accident and disease, subject to a $5.0 million self-insured retention for each
accident or disease
Primary policy with a $10.0 million limit subject to a $2.5 million self-insured
retention
As of January 1, 2015, we are fully insured on our medical benefits, subject
to contributed premiums. Prior to January 1, 2015, we had a $500 thousand
specific deductible with an aggregating individual deductible of $150
thousand of each employee health care claim, as well as commercial
insurance for the balance.
mimmﬁrﬁ We maintain insurance that covers our directors and officers for losses and
expenses arising out of claims, based on acts or omissions in their capacities
as directors or officers.
We insure certain casualty risks through our wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiaries, Mohave and Red Rock.
Mohave and Red Rock provide reinsurance associated with a share of our automobile liability risk. In addition to
insuring a proportionate share of our corporate casualty risk, Mohave provides reinsurance coverage to third-party
insurance companies associated with our affiliated companies' owner-operators.
While under dispatch and our operating authority, the owner-operators we contract with are covered by our liability
coverage and self-insurance retention limits. However, each is responsible for physical damage to his or her own
equipment, occupational accident coverage, and liability exposure while the truck is used for non-company purposes.
Additionally, fleet operators are responsible for any applicable workers' compensation requirements for their
employees.
For safety, we electronically govern the speed of substantially all of our company tractors to a maximum of 62 miles
per hour. Additionally, our owner-operator contracts include statements that owner-operators must comply with the
Company's speed policy, which indicates that they must limit their speed to 67 miles per hour. These adopted speed
limits are below the limits established by statute in many states. We believe our adopted speed limits for drivers
reduce the frequency and severity of accidents, enhance fuel efficiency, and reduce maintenance expense, when
compared to operating without our imposed speed limits.
’Fuel 7
We actively manage our fuel purchasing network in an effort to maintain adequate fuel supplies and reduce our fuel
costs. Additionally, we utilize a fuel surcharge program to pass a majority of increases in fuel costs to our customers.
In 2016, we purchased 16.9% of our fuel in bulk at 56 Swift and dedicated customer locations across the United
States and Mexico. We purchased substantially all of the remainder through a network of retail truck stops with
which we have negotiated volume purchasing discounts. The volumes we purchase at terminals and through the
fuel network vary based on procurement costs and other factors. We seek to reduce our fuel costs by routing our
drivers to truck stops when fuel prices at such stops are cheaper than the bulk rate paid for fuel at our terminals.
We store fuel in underground storage tanks at two of our bulk fueling terminals and in above-ground storage tanks
at our other bulk fueling terminals. We believe that we are sufficiently in compliance with applicable environmental
laws and regulations relating to the storage and dispensing of fuel.
15