0 increased prices for new revenue equipment, design changes of new engines, and volatility in the used
equipment sales market.
’Our Mission and Vision 0
Our mission is to attract and retain customers by providing best in class transportation solutions and fostering a
profitable, disciplined culture of safety, service, and trust.
7 7We are an efficient and nimble world class service organization that is focused on the customer.
© We are aligned and working together at all levels to achieve our common goals.
[Ll] Our team enjoys our work and co-workers and this enthusiasm resonates both internally and
[s externally.
w We are on the leading edge of service, always innovating to add value to our customers.
I] Our information and resources can easily be adapted to analyze and monitor what is most important
§ in a changing environment.
% Our financial health is strong, generating excess operating cash flows and growing profitability year-
m after-year with a culture that is cost- and environmentally-conscious.
We train, build, and develop our employees through perpetual learning opportunities to enhance their
skill sets, allowing us to recognize our talented people.
’Our Competitive Strengths 7
We aspire to achieve the themes of our mission and vision and believe our competitive strengths and strategies
will enable us to attain our desired level of service to customers and results for our shareholders. We believe the
following competitive strengths provide a solid platform for pursuing our goals and strategies:
[mm WWMammm ]
Our fleet size offers wide geographic coverage, while maintaining the efficiencies associated with significant traffic
density within our operating regions. Our terminals are strategically located near key population centers, driver
recruiting areas, and cross-border hubs, often in close proximity to our customers. This broad network offers
benefits such as in-house maintenance, more frequent equipment inspections, localized driver recruiting, rapid
customer response, and personalized marketing efforts. Our size allows us to achieve substantial economies of
scale in purchasing items such as tractors, trailers, containers, fuel, and tires where pricing is volume-sensitive.
We believe our scale also offers additional benefits in brand awareness and access to capital.
Our OTR sleeper fleet has an average age of 2.4 years for our approximately 10,200 core operating units. By
maintaining a newer fleet than many of our industry competitors, we believe that we have the following advantages:
- Newer tractors typically have fewer repairs and lower operating costs.
- Newer tractors are available for dispatch more often.
- Drivers are typically more attracted to newer tractors, which helps with driver recruiting and retention.
- Many competitors that allowed their fleets to age excessively will likely face a deferred capital expenditure
spike, accompanied by difficulty in replacing their tractors because while new tractor prices have increased
and the value received for the old tractors has decreased.
]
Our intense focus on customer satisfaction has helped us establish a strong platform for cross-selling our other
services to our strong and diversified customer base. We believe customers continue to search for ways to better
streamline their transportation management functions. We respond to this need by providing our customers with
solutions that include a wide variety of shipping services, including general and specialized truckload, cross-border
services, regional distribution, high-service dedicated operations, intermodal service, and surge capacity through
fleet flexibility and brokerage and logistics operations. This breadth of service helps diversify our customer base
and provides us with a competitive advantage, especially for customers with multiple needs and cross-border
United States/Mexico and United States/Canada shipments.
7