I I!
National Customer Service Misc/assiﬁcation Class Action
The plaintiff, a former Customer Service Representative IV, alleges that the Company failed to pay overtime under
the F LSA. Additionally, with respect to California state law, the plaintiff alleges that the Company: 1) failed to pay
overtime; 2) failed to pay timely final wages; 3) failed to provide meal and rest periods; and 4) violated the unfair
competition law.
I Court or agency currently
Plaintiff(s) 7 :Defendant(s) : :Date instituted : :pending in _
Salvador Castro (1) Swift Transportation Co. May 11, 2016 United States District
of Arizona, LLC Court for the Central
District of California
I Recent Developments and Current Status
Castro, along with five other former Customer Service Representative lV employees opted into this collective action
lawsuit, which was being pursued under the F LSA. in addition to the Castro collective action, thirteen Customer
Service Representative lV employees pursued similar claims in individual arbitrations. The parties conducted
three arbitrations regarding the individual claimants. The parties agreed to mediation, which was held in January
2017. The parties are currently finalizing a global settlement of the collective action and the individual arbitrations.
_ Arizona Fair Labor Standards Act Class Action I
The plaintiff alleges that the Company violated the F LSA by failing to pay its trainee drivers minimum wage for all
work performed and by failing to pay overtime.
I Court or agency currently I
Plaintiff(s) 7 iDefendant(s) : :Date instituted : :pending in _
Pamela Julian (1) Swift Transportation Inc, December 29, 2015 United States District
et al. Court for the District of
Arizona
Recent Developments and Current Status -
In March 2016, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the plaintiff's overtime claims, which was granted by the
district court in May 2016. The plaintiff recently filed a Motion for Conditional Class Certification, which the Company
intends to oppose. The Company retains all of its defenses against liability and damages for the remaining claims.
Additionally, the Company intends to vigorously defend against the merits of the claims and to challenge certification.
The final disposition of the matter and the impact on the Company cannot be determined at this time. The likelihood
that a loss has been incurred is remote.
_ Washington Overtime Class Actions I
The plaintiffs allege one or more of the following, pertaining to Washington state-based drivers: that the Company
1) failed to pay minimum wage; 2) failed to pay overtime; 3) failed to pay all wages due at established pay periods;
4) failed to provide proper meal and rest periods; 5) failed to provide accurate wage statements; and 6) unlawfully
deducted from employee wages.
I Court or agency currently
Plaintiff(s) 7 iDefendant(s) 7 :Date instituted : :pending in _
Troy Slack (1) 7 Swift Transportation September 9, 2011 United States District
Company of Arizona, Court for the Western
LLC and Swift District of Washington
Transportation
Corporation
Julie Hedglin (1) Swift Transportation January 14, 2016 United States District
Company of Arizona, Court for the Western
LLC and Swift District of Washington
Transportation
Corporation
I Recent Developments and Current Status
The parties in the Slack matter are finishing discovery and the next step will be for the parties to file dispositive
motions. The case is scheduled for trial in September 2017. The Hedglin matter is currently in discovery. The
Company retains all of its defenses against liability and damages for both matters. Additionally, the Company
intends to vigorously defend against the merits of the claims and to challenge certification. The final disposition
of the matter and the impact on the Company cannot be determined at this time. The likelihood that a loss has
been incurred is remote.
7(1) Individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated.
(2) Peck PAGA complaint.
113