Segments —The Company uses the "management approach" to determine its reportable segments, as well as to
determine the basis of reporting the operating segment information. The management approach focuses on financial
information that management uses to make operating decisions. Our CODMs use operating revenues, operating
expense categories, operating ratios, operating income, and key operating statistics to evaluate performance and
allocate resources to the Company's operations.
Operating income is the measure that management uses to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources,
which is consistent with US-GAAP for segment reporting. Operating income should not be viewed as a substitute
for US-GAAP net income (loss). Management believes the presentation of operating income enhances the
understanding of the Company's performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability
drivers of the business segments. Operating income is defined as operating revenues less operating expenses,
before income tax expense.
Based on the unique nature of the Company's operating structure, revenue-generating assets are interchangeable
between segments. Therefore, the Company does not prepare separate balance sheets by segment, as assets
are not separately identifiable by segment. The Company allocates depreciation and amortization expense of its
property and equipment to the segments based on the actual utilization of the asset by the segment during the
penod.
Cash and Cash Equivalents —The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with original
maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
Restricted Cash —The Company's wholly-owned captive insurance companies, Red Rock and Mohave, maintain
certain operating bank accounts, working trust accounts, and investment accounts. The cash and short-term
investments within the accounts are restricted by insurance regulations to fund the insurance claim losses to be
paid by the captive insurance companies. Therefore, these cash and short-term investments are classified as "Cash
and cash equivalents — restricted" in the consolidated balance sheets.
Restricted Investments — The Company's investments are restricted by insurance regulations to fund the
insurance claim losses to be paid by the captive insurance companies. The Company accounts for its investments
in accordance with ASC Topic 320, Investments — Debt and Equity Securities. Management determines the
appropriate classification of its investments in debt securities at the time of purchase and re-evaluates the
determination on a quarterly basis. As of December 31, 2016, all of the Company's investments in fixed-maturity
securities were classified as held-to-maturity, as the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold these
securities to maturity. Held-to-maturity securities are carried at amortized cost. The amortized cost of debt securities
is adjusted using the effective interest rate method for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts.
Amortization and accretion is reported in "Other income, net" in the consolidated income statements.
Management periodically evaluates restricted investments for impairment. The assessment of whether impairments
have occurred is based on management's case-by-case evaluation of the underlying reasons for the decline in
estimated fair value. Management accounts for other-than-temporary impairments of debt securities in accordance
with ASC Topic 320, Investments — Debt and Equity Securities. This guidance requires the Company to evaluate
whether it intends to sell an impaired debt security or whether it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell
an impaired debt security before recovery of the amortized cost basis. If either of these criteria are met, an impairment
loss equal to the difference between the debt security's amortized cost and its estimated fair value is recognized in
earnings. For impaired debt securities that do not meet these criteria, the Company determines if a credit loss
exists with respect to the impaired security. If a credit loss exists, the credit loss component of the impairment (i.e.,
the difference between the security's amortized cost and the present value of projected future cash flows expected
to be collected) is recognized in earnings and the remaining portion of the impairment is recognized as a component
of AOCl.
Inventories and Supplies — Inventories and supplies primarily consist of spare parts, tires, fuel, and supplies and
are stated at lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out method.
89