Available Information 7
General information about Swift is provided, free of charge, on our website, wwwswﬁifttransucom. This website also
includes our annual reports on Form 10-K with accompanying XBRL documents, quarterly reports on Form 10-0
with accompanying XBRL documents, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports that are filed
or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably
practicable once the material is electronically filed or furnished to the SEC.
| ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS |
When evaluating our company, the following risks should be considered in conjunction with the other information
contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. If we are unable to mitigate and/or are exposed to any of the following
risks in the future, then there could be a material, adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial
condition.
Strategic Risk 7
The truckload industry is affected by economic and business risks that are largely beyond our control.
The truckload industry is highly cyclical, and our business is dependent on a number of factors that may have a
negative impact on our results of operations, many of which are beyond our control. We believe that some of the
most significant of these factors are economic changes that affect supply and demand in transportation markets,
such as:
o recessionary economic cycles, such as the period from 2007 to 2009;
~ changes in customers' inventory levels, including shrinking product/package sizes, and in the availability of
funding for their working capital;
~ excess tractor capacity in comparison with shipping demand; and
o downturns in customers' business cycles.
The risks associated with these factors are heightened when the United States economy is weakened. Some of
the principal risks during such times, which we experienced during the most recent recession, are as follows:
- low overall freight levels, which typically impair our asset utilization;
~ customers with credit issues and cash flow problems;
0 changing freight patterns from redesigned supply chains, resulting in imbalance between our capacity and
customer demand;
~ customers bidding out freight or selecting competitors that offer lower rates, in an attempt to lower their costs,
forcing us to lower our rates or lose freight; and
o more deadhead miles incurred to obtain loads.
We are also subject to cost increases outside our control (for example fuel and diesel prices) that could materially
reduce our profitability if we are unable to increase our rates sufficiently.
In addition, events outside our control, such as strikes or other work stoppages at our facilities or at customer, port,
border, or other shipping locations, actual or threatened armed conflicts or terrorist attacks, efforts to combat
terrorism, military action against a foreign state or group located in a foreign state, or heightened security
requirements could lead to reduced economic demand, reduced availability of credit, ortemporary closing of shipping
locations or United States borders.
20