2 Utah Collective and Individual Arbitration
The plaintiffs allege that the Central Parties (defined below) misclassified owner-operator drivers as independent
contractors and were therefore liable to these drivers for minimum wages and other employee benefits under the
FLSA. The complaint also alleges a federal forced labor claim under U.S.C. ยง1589 and ยง1595, as well as fraud
and other state-law claims.
I Court or agency currently
Plaintiff(s) 7 iDefendant(s) 7 iDate instituted : : pending in _
Gabriel Ciluffo, Kevin Central Refrigerated June 1, 2012 American Arbitration
Shire, and Bryan Service, Inc., Central Association
Ratterree (1X2 Leasing, Inc, Jon
lsaacson, and Jerry
Moyes (the "Central
Parties"), as well as
Swift Transportation
Company
I Recent Developments and Current Status
In June 2016, mediation commenced, but there was ultimately no settlement of the matter. In October 2016, the
arbitrator ruled that approximately 1,300 Central Refrigerated Service, Inc. drivers were misclassified as
independent contractors, and should have been compensated as employees. The arbitrator ruled that damages
could be assessed in a collective proceeding and declined to decertify the collective proceeding. Based on the
October 2016 arbitration ruling, the Company increased its accrual related to this matter. A damages trial is
scheduled for April 2017. No trial date on the claimants' damages has been set by the arbitrator. The Company
and the Central Parties dispute the arbitrator's rulings to date and intend to continue to vigorously defend against
the plaintiffs' claims in both the collective action and individual proceedings. The likelihood that a loss has been
incurred is probable.
(1) Individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated.
(2) In addition to the collective arbitration that is pending before the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), the
named plaintiffs, along with approximately 325 other owner-operators, have initiated a series of individual,
bilateral proceedings against the Central Parties with the AAA. Discovery is commencing in these individual
cases, which are pending before various separate arbitrators. A sample of these cases will be litigated and
proceed to hearing, while the remaining cases will be stayed. Trials for the sample cases are expected to occur
in the second quarter of 2017.
115