Expected
Adoption Date Financial
Date Issued Reference Description and Method Statement Impact
October 2016-17: This ASU updates the consolidation January No financial
2016 Consolidation (Topic guidance on how a reporting entity that 2017, statement
810) — Interests is a single decision maker of a Variable Modified impact. The
He/o’ through Interest Entity ('VIE") should treat Retrospective Company is
Related Parties that indirect interests in the entity held not the
are under Common through related parties that are under primary
Control common control when determining beneficiary of
whether it is the primary beneficiary of any of its
the VIE. The primary beneficiary of a related parties.
VIE is the reporting entity that has a
controlling financial interest in a VIE
and, therefore, consolidates the VIE. A
reporting entity that has an indirect
interest in a VIE if it has a direct interest
in a related party that, in turn has a
direct interest in the VIE.
October 2016-16: Income This ASU states that entities should January Currently
2016 Taxes (Topic 740) — recognize the income tax consequences 2018, under
lntra-entity Transfers of an intra-entity transfer of an asset Modified evaluation; not
ofAssets Other than other than inventory when the transfer Retrospective expected to be
Inventory occurs (as compared to current GAAP, material since
which prohibits the recognition of current the Company's
and deferred income taxes for intra- fixed assets
entity asset transfer until the asset has are not
been sold to an outside party). typically
transferred
between legal
entities for
consideration.
August 2016-15: Statement This ASU has several amendments, January Currently
2016 of Cash Flows which are designed to reduce existing 2018, under
(Topic 230) — diversity in practice of how certain cash Retrospective evaluation; not
Classiﬁcation of receipts and cash payments are expected to be
Certain Cash presented and classified in the material.
Receiots and Cash statement of cash flows. The ASU
Payments addresses eight specific cash flow
issues, of which the following are
expected to be applicable to Swift: 1)
debt prepayment and extinguishment
costs, 2) proceeds from settlement of
insurance claims, 3) proceeds from
settlement of corporate-owned life
insurance policies, 4) beneficial interests
in securitization transactions, and 5)
separately identifiable cash flows and
application of the predominance
principle.
93