We are dependent on computer and communications systems; and a systems failure or data breach could
cause a signiﬁcant disruption to our business.
Our business depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications hardware
systems and infrastructure. We currently maintain our computer system at our Phoenix, Arizona headquarters,
along with computer equipment at each of our terminals. Our operations and those of our technology and
communications service providers are vulnerable to interruption by fire, earthquake, natural disasters, power loss,
telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, Internet failures, computer viruses, data breaches (including cyber-
attacks or cyber intrusions over the Internet, malware, and the like), and other events generally beyond our control.
We mitigate the risk of business interruption by maintaining redundant computer systems, redundant networks, and
backup systems at alternative locations. However, these alternative locations are subject to some of the same
interruptions that may affect the Phoenix headquarters. In the event of a significant system failure, our business
could experience significant disruption.
Seasonality, weather, and other catastrophic events affect our operations and proﬁtability.
We discuss seasonality and weather events that affect our business in Part I, Item 1, under "Seasonality." These
events and other catastrophic events may disrupt fuel supplies, increase fuel costs, disrupt freight shipments or
routes, affect regional economies, damage or destroy our physical assets, or adversely affect the business or
financial condition of our customers, any of which could harm our results or make our results more volatile.
Compliance Risk
Since our industry is highly regulated, we may inadvertently violate existing or future regulations or be
adversely affected by changes to existing regulations.
We have the authority to operate in the continental United States (as granted by the DOT), Mexico (as granted by
the Secretarfa de Comunicaciones y Transportes), and various Canadian provinces (as granted by the Ministries
of Transportation and Communications in such provinces). Our company, as well as our drivers and contracted
owner-operators, must comply with enacted governmental regulations regarding safety, equipment, environmental
protection, and operating methods. Examples include regulation of equipment weight, equipment dimensions, fuel
emissions, driver hours-of-service, driver eligibility requirements, on-board reporting of operations, and ergonomics.
We may also become subject to new or more restrictive regulations related to safety or operating methods. We
discuss several proposed and pending regulations that could impact our operations in Part I, Item 1, under
"Environmental Regulation," "Industry Regulation," and "Other Regulation."
Additionally, our lease contracts with owner-operators are governed by federal leasing regulations, which impose
specific requirements on us and the owner-operators. In the past, we have been the subject of lawsuits, alleging
the violation of lease agreements or failure to follow the contractual terms. It is possible that we could be subjected
to similar lawsuits in the future, which could result in added liability.
If current or future legislation deems that owner-operators are equivalent to employees, we would incur
more employee-related expenses.
Tax, federal, and other regulatory authorities have argued that owner-operators in the trucking industry are
employees, rather than independent contractors. In April 2010, federal legislation was proposed that increased the
recordkeeping requirements for companies that engage independent contractors and heightened the penalties to
employers that misclassified individuals and violated overtime and/or wage requirements. Some states have put
initiatives in place to increase their revenues from items such as unemployment taxes, workers' compensation, and
income taxes, and a reclassification of owner-operators as employees would help states achieve this objective.
Further, class actions and other lawsuits have been filed against us and others in our industry seeking to reclassify
owner-operators as employees for a variety of purposes, including workers' compensation and health care coverage.
Taxing and other regulatory authorities and courts apply a variety of standards in their determination of independent
contractor status. If the owner-operators we contract with are deemed employees, we would incur additional
exposure under laws for federal and state tax, workers' compensation, unemployment benefits, labor, employment,
and tort. The exposure could include prior period compensation, as well as potential liability for employee benefits
and tax withholdings. In addition to that exposure, if owner-operators were deemed employees, then certain of our
third-party revenue sources, including shop and insurance margins would be eliminated.
23