SWIFT TRANSPORTATION COMPANY
I omeaom FORM 1
| GLOSSARY OF TERMS |
7 The following glossary provides deﬁnitions for certain acronyms and terms used in this Annual Report
on Form 70-K. These acronyms and terms are speciﬁc to our company, commonly used in our
industry, or are otherwise frequently used throughout our document.
Term Definition
Swift/the Company/ 7 Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, these terms represent Swift 7
Management/We/Us/Our.. Transportation Company and its subsidiaries. Swift Transportation Company is the holding
company for Swift Transportation Co., LLC (a Delaware limited liability company) and
Interstate Equipment Leasing, LLC.
2007 Stock Plan................ The Company's 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended and restated.
2007 Transactions............ In April 2007, Jerry Moyes and his wife contributed their ownership of all of the issued and
outstanding shares of IEL to Swift Corporation in exchange for additional Swift Corporation
shares. In May 2007, the Moyes Affiliates, contributed their shares of Swift Transportation Co.,
Inc. common stock to Swift Corporation in exchange for additional Swift Corporation shares.
Swift Corporation then completed its acquisition of Swift Transportation Co., Inc. through a
merger on May 10, 2007, thereby acquiring the remaining outstanding shares of Swift
Transportation Co., Inc. common stock. Upon completion of the 2007 Transactions, Swift
Transportation Co., Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Swift Corporation. At the close
of the market on May 10, 2007, the common stock of Swift Transportation Co., Inc. ceased
trading on NASDAQ.
2072 Agreement................ The Company's previous credit agreement, replaced by the 2013 Agreement.
2072 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, effective beginning in 2012.
2073 Agreement................ The Company's Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, replaced by the 2014
Agreement.
2073 Second Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement, entered into in 2013 by SRCII
(defined below), with unrelated financial entities, "The Purchasers." The 2013 RSA was later
replaced by the 2015 RSA.
2074 Agreement................ The Company's Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, replaced by the 2015
Agreement.
2074 Stock Plan................ The Company's 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan.
2015 Agreement................ The Company's Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement.
2015 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement, entered into in
2015 by SRCII (defined below), with unrelated financial entities, "The Purchasers."
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Accounting Standards Codification
Accounting Standards Update
BASICS Behavioral Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories - part of the new enforcement and
compliance model introduced by the FMCSA (defined below)
Swift's Board of Directors
Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism
Commercial Drivers' License
Central Central Refrigerated Transportation, LLC (formerly Central Refrigerated Transportation, Inc.)
CentralAcquisition........... Swift's acquisition of all of the outstanding capital stock of Central
CEO Chief Executive Officer, Richard Stocking
Chief Financial Officer, Virginia Henkels
Commercial Motor Vehicle
Chief Operating Decision Makers, which includes our CEO and CFO
Container on Flat Car
Compliance Safety Accountability
Deadhead.......................... Tractor movement without hauling freight (unpaid miles driven)
United States Department of Homeland Security
2