Changes in labor, wage, and other rules or legislation by the NLRB, Congress, or states, and/or organizing
efforts by labor unions could result in litigation, divert management attention and have a material adverse
effect on our operating results.
Although our only collective bargaining agreement exists at our Mexican subsidiary, Trans-Mex, we always face the
risk that our employees will try to unionize. If the owner-operators we contract with were ever re-classified as
employees, the magnitude of this risk would increase. The NLRB, Congress or states could impose rules or legislation
significantly affecting our business and our relationship with our employees. On December 12, 2014, the NLRB
implemented a final rule amending the agency's representation-case proceedings which govern the procedures for
union representation. Pursuant to this amendment, union elections can now be held within 10-21 days after the
union requests a vote. These rules make it easier for unions to successfully organize all employers, in all industries.
Any attempt to organize by our employees could result in increased legal and other associated costs. In addition,
if we entered into a collective bargaining agreement, the terms could negatively affect our costs, efficiency, and
ability to generate acceptable returns on the affected operations.
In May of 201 5, the Supreme Court of the United States refused to grant certiorari to appellees in the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit case, Di/ts, etal. v Penske Logistics, LLC, etal. Consequently, the Appeals
Court decision stands, holding that California state wage and hour laws are not preempted by federal law. As a
result, the trucking industry has been confronted with a patchwork of laws at the state and local levels, related to
employee rest and meal breaks. Further, driver piece rate compensation, which is an industry standard, has been
attacked as not being compliant with state minimum wage laws. Both of these issues are adversely impacting the
Company and the motor carrier industry as a whole, with respect to the practical application of the laws; thereby
resulting in additional cost. In its individual capacity, as well as participating with industry trade organizations, the
Company supports and is actively pursuing legislative relief through Congress. The Company believes enacting
legislation clarifying the preemptive scope of federal transportation law and regulations, as originally contemplated
by Congress, would eliminate much of the current wage and hour confusion along with lessening the burden on
interstate commerce. The passage of federal legislation involves the political process and is uncertain. Existing
state and local laws, as well as new laws adopted in the future, which are not preempted by federal law, may result
in increased labor costs, driver turnover, reduced operational efficiencies, and amplified legal exposure.
CSA rulemaking could adversely affect us, including our ability to maintain or grow our fleet, as well as our
customer relationships.
Under CSA, drivers and fleets are evaluated and ranked based on certain safety-related standards. The current
methodology for determining a carrier's DOT safety rating has been expanded, and as a result, certain current and
potential drivers may no longer be eligible to drive for us. Additionally, our safety rating could be adversely affected.
We recruit and retain a substantial number of first-time drivers. These drivers may have a higher likelihood of
creating adverse safety events under CSA. A reduction in eligible drivers or a poor fleet ranking may result in
difficulty attracting and retaining qualified drivers. This could cause our customers, some of which require a minimum
safety rating, to transition to carriers with higher fleet rankings, and away from us.
Our captive insurance companies are subject to substantial government regulation.
Our captive insurance companies are regulated by state authorities. State regulations generally provide protection
to policy holders, rather than stockholders, and generally involve:
- approval of premium rates for insurance;
~ standards of solvency;
0 minimum amounts of statutory capital surplus that must be maintained;
0 limitations on types and amounts of investments;
0 regulation of dividend payments and other transactions between affiliates;
o regulation of reinsurance;
o regulation of underwriting and marketing practices;
~ approval of policy forms;
~ methods of accounting; and
o filing of annual and other reports with respect to financial condition and other matters.
24