12.3 million shares, or an equivalent amount of cash, upon maturity dates occurring on May 26, 2017 through May
31, 2017. The new VPF is collateralized by approximately 12.3 million shares of Class B common stock.
Also on May 18, 2016, Cactus Holding I entered into a new VPF covering approximately 7.0 million shares of Class
A common stock. The new VPF required Cactus Holding l to deliver a variable amount of Class A common stock,
up to a maximum of approximately 7.0 million shares, or an equivalent amount of cash, upon maturity dates occurring
on May 26, 2017 through May 31, 2017. The new VPF is collateralized by an aggregate of approximately 7.0 million
shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock which were previously pledged on margin.
On November 18, 2016, the maturity dates of the M Capital ll VPFs were extended to December 5, 2017 through
January 3, 2018, and the maturity dates of the Cactus Holding l VPFs were extended to December 5, 2017 through
December 7, 2017. No additional shares were pledged in connection with these extensions.
The VPF contracts allow Mr. Moyes and the Moyes Affiliates to retain the same number of shares and voting
percentage as they had prior to these VPF contracts. In addition, Mr. Moyes and the Moyes Affiliates are able to
participate in price appreciation of the Company's common stock within certain levels.
In connection with the VPF transactions described above, an aggregate of approximately 34.3 million shares of
Class B common stock and approximately 2.0 million shares of Class A common stock are collateralized to secure
M Capital “'3 and Cactus Holding l's respective obligations under the VPF transactions.
As these shares are not pledged to secure a loan on margin, they are not subject to the securities trading policy
pledging limitation discussed below. Although M Capital II and Cactus Holding l, respectively, may settle their
obligations under the VPF transactions in cash, any or all of the collateralized Class B common stock shares could
be converted into Class A common stock and any of the collateralized shares delivered on such dates to settle such
obligations. Such transfers of our common stock, or the perception that they may occur, may have an adverse effect
on the trading price of our Class A common stock and may create conflicts of interest for Mr. Moyes. In addition,
Mr. Moyes’ counter party to the VPFs hedges their position by borrowing shares of Class A common stock and
subsequently selling such shares, creating a short position. This hedging activity will fluctuate from time to time,
based on the current market price of the Class A common stock and the counter party's strategy for reducing risk
in their position. This hedging activity may place additional pressure on the price of the Class A common stock as
such short positions are being put in place and/or may create a perception that the market is questioning Swift's
performance given the large short position that can occur and be reported. Maintaining this short position may
offset some of the risk associated with a full share settlement of the VPF transactions as any shares received by
the counter party might be used to settle these short positions thus reducing the amount that would otherwise be
introduced to the market.
Cactus ll Pledging — In July 2011 and December 2011, Cactus Holding Company ll, LLC ("Cactus ll"), an entity
controlled by Mr. Moyes, pledged approximately 12.0 million shares of Class B common stock on margin as collateral
for loan arrangements entered into by Cactus II and relating to Mr. Moyes. In connection with these December
2011 transactions, Cactus ll converted approximately 6.6 million of the approximately 12.0 million pledged shares
of Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. During 2012, the Moyes
Affiliates converted an additional approximately 1.1 million shares of Class B common stock to Class A common
stock and sold approximately 4.8 million of these pledged Class A shares to a counter-party pursuant to a sale and
repurchase agreement with a full recourse obligation to repurchase the securities at the same price on the fourth
anniversary of sale.
This sale and repurchase agreement was replaced in May 2014 with a similar sale and repurchase agreement
covering approximately 6.8 million shares. On May 18, 2016 the maturity of this agreement was extended to May
30, 2017, and was extended again on November 18, 2016 to November 30, 2017. On May 18, 2016, 2.0 million
shares of Class A common stock and 5.1 million shares of Class B common stock previously pledged on margin
for collateral for loan arrangements were transferred to a new VPF agreement as described above. On July 20,
2016, Cactus Holding ll pledged an incremental approximately 1.9 million shares as collateral for a new loan
arrangement. As of August 2, 2016, the Moyes Affiliates had pledged on margin a total of approximately 4.1 million
shares, of which approximately 2.2 million were Class B and approximately 1.9 million were Class A common stock.
These pledged shares could cause Mr. Moyes' interest to conflict with the interests of our other stockholders and
could result in the future sale of such shares. Such sales could adversely affect the trading price or otherwise disrupt
the market for our Class A common stock.
30