Note 17 — Contingencies and Legal Proceedings
Accounting Policy
The Company is involved in certain claims and pending litigation primarily arising in the normal course of business.
The majority of these claims relate to workers' compensation, auto collision and liability, physical damage, and cargo
damage. The Company accrues for the uninsured portion of claims losses and the gross amount of other losses
when the likelihood of the loss is probable and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. These accruals are
based on management's best estimate within a possible range of loss. When there is no amount within the range
of loss that appears to be a better estimate than any other amount, then management accrues to the low end of
the range. Legal fees are expensed as incurred.
When it is reasonably possible that exposure exists in excess of the related accrual (which could be no accrual),
management discloses an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss, unless an estimate cannot be determined.
If the likelihood of a loss is remote, the Company does not accrue for the loss. However if the likelihood of a loss
is remote, but it is at least reasonably possible that one or more future confirming events may materially change
management's estimate within twelve months from the date of the financial statements, management discloses an
estimate of the possible loss or range of loss, unless an estimate cannot be determined.
Legal Proceedings
Information is provided below regarding the nature, status, and contingent loss amounts, if any, associated with the
Company's pending legal matters. There are inherent uncertainties in these legal matters, some of which are beyond
management's control, making the ultimate outcomes difficult to predict. Moreover, management's views and
estimates related to these matters may change in the future, as new events and circumstances arise and the matters
continue to develop.
For the matters below, an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss cannot be determined for certain cases
because, among other reasons, (1) the proceedings are in various stages that do not allow for assessment;
(2) damages have not been sought; (3) damages are unsupported and/or exaggerated; (4) there is uncertainty as
to the outcome of pending appeals; and/or (5) there are significant factual issues to be resolved.
Based on currently available information, and in certain cases, advice of outside counsel, management does not
believe that loss contingencies arising from pending matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company's
overall financial position, after taking into consideration any existing accruals. However, actual outcomes could be
material to the Company's operating results or liquidity for any particular period.
110