[ W‘mmmmWawmaﬂW ]
Because of our size and operating leverage, even small improvements in our asset productivity and yield can have
a significant impact on our operating results. We believe we have substantial opportunity to improve the productivity
and yield of our existing assets as follows:
M? We will continue to focus on maintaining discipline regarding the timing and extent of
Fleet company tractor fleet growth, based on availability of high-quality freight.
[2m Successful implementation of process improvements and effective systems integration
' 7‘? am? will achieve more efficient utilization of our tractors, trailers, and drivers' available hours-
of-service. For example, our entire tractor fleet is retrofitted with ELDs, which we believe
can help us more efficiently utilize our drivers' available hours-of-service.
MEWEEEI We use equipment pools, relays, team drivers, and similar measures to improve company
tractor utilization.
0 er-oper On average, owner-operators produce higher weekly revenue per tractor than company
W drivers. As such, we generally prefer to increase the percentage of our trucking capacity
provided by owner-operators, when possible.
Our return on capital improves as we successfully eliminate unproductive assets.
Wm
[ Weezemmaﬁe‘mewmm ]
To ensure that we respond appropriately to economic change, we closely manage our costs and capital resources
and continually monitor the economic environment, as well as its potential impact on our customers and end-
markets. We presently have ongoing efforts in the following areas that we expect will yield benefits in future
penods:
MEW In order to balance freight flows and reduce deadhead miles, we manage the flow of our
tractor capacity through our network.
351% Improving driver satisfaction typically reduces turnover costs and improves performance.
We believe our driver development programs, including our driver academies and
nationwide recruiting, will become increasingly advantageous to us in countering attrition
effects stemming from noncompliance with internal policies and procedures, as well as
recent regulatory initiatives (discussed below). In addition, we believe that the negative
impact of such regulations will be partially mitigated by our average length of haul, regional
terminal network, and less mileage-intensive operations, such as intermodal, dedicated,
brokerage, and cross-border operations.
[71mm Reducing waste in shop methods and procedures and in other administrative processes
remains important to us.
[ Selected ]
From time to time, we take advantage of opportunities to add complementary operations to our company by
pursuing acquisitions. Acquisitions can provide us an opportunity to expand our fleet with customer revenue and
drivers already in place. in our history, we have completed 13 acquisitions, including Central in 2013, most of
which were immediately integrated into our existing business. Given our size in relation to most competitors, we
expect most future acquisitions to be integrated quickly.
We believe that by achieving profitable revenue growth, improving asset utilization, continuing to control costs, and
streamlining our processes, we will be able to grow our Adjusted EPS and our return on net assets, while generating
free cash flow to reinvest in our business, potentially acquire complementary businesses, repay debt, reduce our
leverage ratio, and return capital to our stockholders. These goals are in part dependent on continued improvement
in industry-wide truckload volumes and pricing. Although we expect the economic environment and capacity
constraints in our industry to support achievement of our goals, we have limited ability to affect industry volumes
and pricing and cannot provide assurance that this environment will sustain. Nevertheless, we believe our
competitive strengths and the expected supply and demand environment in the truckload industry are aligned to
support the achievement of our goals through the strategies outlined above.
10