c Central Acquisition — On August 6, 2013, Swift acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of Central in a
cash transaction. Jerry Moyes, our then-CEO and controlling stockholder, was the principal owner of Central.
Given Mr. Moyes' interests in the temperature-controlled truckload industry, our Board established a special
committee comprised solely of disinterested, independent directors in May of 2011 to evaluate Swift's expansion
of its temperature-controlled operations. The special committee evaluated alternative business opportunities,
including organic growth and various acquisition targets, and negotiated the transaction contemplated by the
stock purchase agreement, with the assistance of its independent financial advisors. Upon the unanimous
recommendation of the special committee, the Central Acquisition was approved by the Board (with Mr. Moyes
not participating in the vote).
Industry and Competition 7
Truckload carriers represent the largest part of the transportation supply chain for most retail and manufactured
goods in North America and typically transport a full trailer (or container) of freight for a single customer from origin
to destination without intermediate sorting and handling. Generally, the truckload industry is compensated based
on miles, whereas the LTL industry is compensated based on package size and/or weight. Overall, the United
States trucking industry is large, fragmented, and highly competitive. We compete with thousands of truckload
carriers, most of whom operate much smaller fleets than we do. To a lesser extent, our intermodal services, as well
as our freight brokerage and logistics business, compete with railroads, LTL carriers, logistics providers, and other
transportation companies.
Our industry has encountered the following major economic cycles since 2000:
7W I Economic Cycle I
W=m industry over-capacity and depressed freight volumes 7
W=m economic expansion
W=m freight slowdown, fuel price spike, economic recession, and credit crisis
W=m moderate recovery. The industry freight data began to show positive trends for both
volume and pricing. The slow, steady growth is a result of moderate increases in gross
domestic product, coupled with a tighter supply of available tractors. Trends in supply of
available tractors were lower due to several years of below average truck builds, an
increase in truckload fleet bankruptcies in 2009 and 2010, increasing equipment prices
due to stringent EPA requirements, less available credit, and less driver availability.
W=g7fémiﬂ return to pre-recession levels and relative stabilization. in 2014, total spending on
transportation, which fell during the 2007 — 2009 recession, returned to pre-recession
levels. Truck tonnage grew throughout 2014, followed by decelerating growth in 2015,
and relative stabilization in 2016. Capacity became looser in 2015 and 2016, as inventory
levels were high and large volumes of tractor purchases created a supply/demand
imbalance, putting pressure on pricing. Fuel prices declined.
The principal means of competition in our industry are customer service, capacity, and price. in times of strong
freight demand, customer service, and capacity become increasingly important, and in times of weak freight demand,
pricing becomes increasingly important. Most truckload contracts (other than dedicated contracts) do not guarantee
truck availability or load levels. Pricing is influenced by supply and demand.
The trucking industry faces the following primary challenges, which we believe we are well-positioned to address,
as discussed under "Our Competitive Strengths" and "Company Strategy," below:
- cumulative impacts of regulatory initiatives, such as ELDs, hours-of service limitations for drivers, and the
FMCSA's CSA;
- uncertainty in the economic environment, including changing supply chain and consumer spending patterns;
0 pressures on volumes and pricing from excess industry capacity, excess customer inventories, and depressed
shipping demand;
0 driver shortages;
0 driver distraction and other unfavorable safety trends;
- significant and rapid fluctuations in fuel prices; and
6