o BASICS — In December 2010, the FMCSA introduced a new enforcement and compliance model that ranks
both fleets and individual drivers on seven categories of safety-related data, eventually replacing the current
SafeStat model. The seven categories of safety-related data, known as BASICs, currently include Unsafe
Driving, Fatigued Driving (hours-of-service), Driver Fitness, Controlled Substances/Alcohol, Vehicle
Maintenance, Hazardous Materials Compliance, and Crash Indicator.
Certain BASICs information was initially published and made available to carriers, as well as the general public.
However, in December 2015, as part of the Fixing America's Surface Transportation ("FAST") Act, Congress
mandated that the FMCSA remove all CSA scores from public view until a more comprehensive study regarding
the effectiveness of BASICs improving truck safety could be completed. The study is currently underway and
a report to Congress is expected to be published in June 2017.
Implementation and effective dates are unclear. In October 2016, the F MCSA outlined proposed changes to
its safety measurement system and sought public feedback through December 2016 before deciding whether
to adopt the proposed changes. SafeStat is currently the authoritative safety measurement system in effect.
We currently have a satisfactory SafeStat DOT rating, which is the best available rating under the current safety
rating scale.
0 Safety Fitness Determination — In January 2016, the F MCSA published a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking
("NPRM") in the Federal Register, regarding carrier safety fitness determination. The NPRM proposes new
methodologies that would determine when a motor carrier is not fit to operate a commercial motor vehicle. Key
proposed changes included in the NPRM are as follows:
0 There would be only one safety rating of "unfit," as compared to the current rules, which have three safety
ratings (satisfactory, conditional, and unsatisfactory).
o Carriers could be determined "unfit" by failing two or more BASICs, investigation results, or a combination
of the two.
0 Stricter standards would be used for BASICs with a higher correlation to crash risk (Unsafe Driving and
Hours-of-Service Compliance).
0 All investigation results would be used, not just results from comprehensive on-site reviews.
0 Violations of a revised list of "critical" and "acute" safety regulations would result in failing a BASIC.
c- Carriers would be assessed monthly.
Public comments on the proposed rule were due in June 2016.
- Moving Ahead for Progress in the 275t Century Bill — In July 2012, Congress passed the Moving Ahead
for Progress in the 21 5‘ Century bill into law. Included in the highway bill was a provision that mandates electronic
logging devices in commercial motor vehicles to record hours-of-service. Additionally, in response to the bill,
a final rule related to entry-level driver training was passed in 2016, as well as amendments to the Drug and
Alcohol Clearinghouse rules.
c- Electronic Loggiing Devices ("ELD") — During 2012, the FMCSA published a Supplemental NPRM,
announcing its plan to proceed with the ELDs and hours-of-service supporting documents rulemaking. The
ELD rule became final in December 2015, as published in the Federal Register, with an effective date of
February 16, 2016. The ELD rule phases in over a four-year period:
w Phase 1 (February 16, 2016 through December 18, 2017): Carriers and drivers subject to the rule
may voluntarily use ELDs or use other forms of logging devices.
m Phase 2 (December 18, 2017 through December 16, 2019): Carriers and drivers subject to the rule
can use Automatic On-board Recording Devices ("AOBRD") that were installed prior to December 18,
2017 or ELDs certified and registered after December 16, 2015.
w Phase 3 (after December 16, 2019): All drivers and carriers subject to the rule must use certified and
registered ELDs that comply with the requirements of the ELD regulations.
Although the final ELD rule may have a large impact on the industry as a whole, we do not expect a
significant impact on Swift, as we previously installed ELDs in our operational trucks in conjunction with
our efforts to improve efficiency and communications with drivers and owner-operators.
18