drivers with additional benefits and/or privileges, such as special recognition, the ability to self-select freight, and
the opportunity for increased pay.
Upon enrollment eligibility, drivers employed by us may participate in company-sponsored health, life and dental
insurance plans and participate in our 401 (k) and employee stock purchase plans.
Terminal Staff— Most of our large terminals are staffed with terminal leaders, fleet leaders, driver leaders, planners,
safety coordinators, shop leaders, technicians, and customer service representatives. Our terminal leaders work
with driver leaders, customer service representatives, and other operations personnel to coordinate the needs of
both our customers and our drivers. Terminal leaders are also responsible for serving existing customers in their
areas. Each fleet leader supervises approximately five driver leaders at our larger terminals. Each driver leader is
responsible for the general operation of approximately 40 to 50 trucks and their drivers, focusing on driver retention,
productivity per truck, fuel consumption, fuel efficiency (with respect to driver-controllable idle time), safety, and
scheduled maintenance. Customer service representatives are assigned specific customers to ensure specialized,
high-quality service, and frequent customer contact.
Owner-Operators
In addition to Swift-employed company drivers, we enter into contractor agreements with third parties who own and
operate tractors (or hire their own drivers to operate the tractors) that service our customers. We pay these owner-
operators for their services, based on a contracted rate per mile. By operating safely and productively, owner-
operators can improve their own profitability and ours. Owner-operators are responsible for most costs incurred
for owning and operating their tractors. For convenience, we offer owner-operators maintenance services at our
in-house shops and fuel at our terminals at competitive and attractive prices. As of December 31, 2016, owner-
operators comprised 24.1% of our total fleet, as measured by tractor count.
We offer tractor financing to independent owner-operators through our financing subsidiaries. Our financing
subsidiaries generally lease premium equipment from the original equipment manufacturers and sublease the
equipment to owner-operators. The owner-operators are qualified for financing, based on their driving and safety
records. In the event of default, our financing subsidiaries have the option to repossess the tractor and sublease
it to a replacement owner-operator.
Safety and Insurance
We take pride in our safety-oriented culture and maintain an active safety and loss-prevention program, which is
led by regional safety management personnel at each of our terminals. We also equip our tractors with many safety
features, such as roll-over stability devices and critical-event recorders, to help prevent or reduce the severity of
accidents. We self-insure for a significant portion of our claims exposure and related expenses. We currently carry
seven main types of insurance, which generally have the following self-insured retention amounts, maximum benefits
per claim, and other limitations:
14