o Entry-Level Driver Trainingi("ELDT"),— In December 2016, the FMCSA established new minimum training
standards for certain individuals applying for (or upgrading) a Class A or Class B commercial driver's
license, or obtaining a hazardous materials, passenger, or school bus endorsement on their commercial
driver's license forthe first time. These individuals are subject to the ELDT requirements and must complete
a prescribed program of theory and behind-the wheel instruction. The final rule requires that behind-the-
wheel proficiency of an entry-level truck driver be determined solely by the instructor's evaluation of how
well the driver-trainee performs the fundamental vehicle controls skills and driving procedures set forth in
the curricula, but does not have a minimum training hours requirement, as proposed by the F MCSA earlier
in 2016. The final rule went into effect on February 6, 2017, with a compliance date of February 7, 2020.
Upon the compliance date, training schools will be required to register with the F MCSA's Training Provider
Registry and certify that their program meets the classroom and driving standards.
0 Commercial Driver's License Drug andA/coho/ Clearinghouse— In December 2016, the FMCSA amended
the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations to establish requirements of the Commercial Driver's License
Drug and Alcohol Clearinghouse, a database under its administration that will contain information about
violations of the F MCSA's drug and alcohol testing program for holders of commercial driver's licenses.
In addition to requiring employers to check the database for driver applicant drug and alcohol test failures,
the final rule requires employers to check the database to determine whether current employees have
incurred a drug or alcohol violation that would prohibit them from performing safety-sensitive functions.
The final rule is effective January 4, 2017, with a compliance date of January 6, 2020.
- Prohibiting Coercion of Commercial Motor Vehicle Drivers — In November 2015, the Prohibiting Coercion
of Commercial Motor Vehicle Drivers rule became final, as published in the Federal Register and adopted by
the FMCSA. The rule explicitly prohibits motor carriers from coercing drivers to violate certain F MCSA
regulations, including driver hours-of—service limits, CDL regulations, drug and alcohol testing rules, and
hazardous materials regulations, among others. Under the rule, drivers can report incidents of coercion to the
FMCSA, who is authorized to issue penalties against the motor carrier.
- Speed Limiting Devices — In September 2016, the NHTSA and F MCSA proposed regulations that would
require speed limiting devices on vehicles with a gross vehicle weight rating of more than 26,000 pounds for
the service life of the vehicle. The speed is expected to be limited to 62, 65, or 68, but would ultimately be set
by the final rule. Based on the agencies' review of the available data, limiting the speed of these heavy vehicles
would reduce the severity of crashes involving these vehicles and reduce the resulting injuries and fatalities.
Public comments on the proposed rule were due in November 2016.
For safety, we electronically govern the speed of substantially all of our company tractors to a maximum of 62
miles per hour. Additionally, our owner-operator contracts include statements that owner-operators must comply
with the Company's speed policy, which indicates that they must limit their speed to 67 miles per hour.
Other Regulation
c The TSA — In the aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks, federal, state, and municipal authorities
implemented and continue to implement various security measures on large trucks, including checkpoints and
travel restrictions. The TSA adopted regulations that require drivers applying for or renewing a license for
carrying hazardous materials to obtain a TSA determination that they are not a security threat.
0 WOTC — in December 2014, United States President, Barack Obama, signed the Tax Increase Prevention
Act of 2014 ("TlPA"). Among other things, TIPA extended 50% bonus depreciation and the Work Opportunity
Tax Credit ("WOTC"). In December 2015, President Obama signed the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes
("PATH") Act of 2015. Among other things, PATH further extended 50% bonus depreciation and WOTC. The
financial impact of these regulations is discussed in Note 11 in Part II, Item 8.
19