Expected
Adoption Date Financial
Date Issued : :Reference : :Description : :and Method : :Statement Impact :
’January 2016-01: Financial The amendments in this ASU address January Not expected
2016 Instruments — various aspects of recognition, 2018, to be material.
Overall (Subtopic measurement, presentation, and Modified
825-10) — disclosure of financial instruments. retrospective
Recognition and They additionally establish ASC Topic
Measurement of 321 — Investments - Equity Securities,
Financial Assets and which applies to investments in equity
Financial Liabilities securities and other ownership interests
in an entity, including investments in
partnerships, unincorporated joint
ventures, and limited liability companies.
August 2015-14: Revenue This ASU deferred the effective date of January Currently
2015 from Contracts With ASU 2014-09 (Topic 606) to annual 2018, under 1
Customers (Topic reporting periods beginning after Modified evaluation ( )
606) — Deferral of December 15, 2017. retrospective
the Effective Date
July 2015 2015-11: Inventory The amendments in this ASU simplify January Not expected
(Topic 330) — subsequent measurement of inventory 2017, to be material.
Simplifying the for all inventory measurement methods, prospective Due to the
Measurement of except for last-in-first-out. Entities will nature of the
inventory be required to measure inventory at the Company's
lower of cost and net realizable value, inventory
instead of the previously issued balances
guidance of lower of cost or market. (spare parts,
tires, fuel, and
supplies),
inventory is
predominantly
stated at cost.
(1) Management is in the diagnostic phase of assessing the financial and business impacts of implementing ASC
Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts With Customers, including identifying revenue sources within the Company's
lines of business, reviewing a sample of contracts, and developing a preliminary assessment. Based upon
these preliminary procedures, management anticipates that the following key considerations will impact the
Company's accounting and reporting under the new standard:
- identification of what constitutes a contract in Swift's business practices,
- variability in individual contracts, such as customer-specific terms that may vary from the master agreement,
- principal versus agent determinations,
- timing of revenue recognition (for example, point-in-time versus over time and/or accelerated versus
deferred),
- single versus multiple performance obligations,
- new/changed estimates and managementjudgments (for example, system estimation of in-transit accruals
versus manual estimation),
- disaggregation of revenue by category within segments, and
- others.
Management expects that there will also be changes in sales, contracting, accounting, reporting, tax, debt
covenants, and other business processes, policies, and controls, as a result of implementing ASC Topic 606.
The Company is currently underway with implementing a new ERP system, which will also affect the
implementation process.
95