policy, and provides insight into the quality of management's estimates and variability in the amounts recorded for
these critical accounting estimates. Our critical accounting estimates include the following:
Claims Accruals — Insurance and claims expense varies as a percentage of operating revenue, based on the
frequency and severity of claims incurred in a given period, as well as changes in claims development trends. The
actual cost to settle our self-insured claim liabilities may differ from our reserve estimates due to legal costs, claims
that have been incurred but not reported, and various other uncertainties, including the inherent difficulty in estimating
the severity of the claim and the potential judgment or settlement amount to dispose of the claim. If claims
development factors that are based upon historical experience had increased by 10%, our claims accrual as of
December 31, 2016 would have potentially increased by $12.5 million.
Goodwill and Indeﬁnite-lived Intangible Assets — The test of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets
requiresjudgment, including the identification of reporting units, assigning assets (including goodwill) and liabilities
to reporting units and determining the fair value of each reporting unit. Fair value of the reporting unit is determined
using a combination of comparative valuation multiples of publicly traded companies, internal transaction methods,
and discounted cash flow models. Estimating the fair value of reporting units includes several significant
assumptions, including future cash flow estimates, determination of appropriate discount rates, and other
assumptions that management believed reasonable under the circumstances. Changes in these estimates and
assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and/or goodwill impairment for each reporting
unit.
We evaluated goodwill as of November 30, 2016 and 2015 using the qualitative factors prescribed in ASC Topic
350 to determine whether to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. The assessment of
qualitative factors requires judgment, including identification of reporting units, evaluation of macroeconomic
conditions, analysis of industry and market conditions, measurement of cost factors, and identification of entity-
specific events (such as financial performance and changes within our share price). in evaluating these qualitative
factors, we determined that it was more likely than not that fair value exceeded carrying value for our reporting units
as of November 30, 2016 and 2015. As such, it was not necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill
impairment test.
Truckload and Dedicated are the only reporting units to which goodwill has been allocated, due to their respective
fair value materiality at the time of the 2007 Transactions. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, gross goodwill
allocated to the Truckload segment was $377.0 million and gross goodwill allocated to the Dedicated segment was
$130.7 million. We recognized accumulated impairment losses of $190.4 million in our Truckload reporting unit
during 2007 and 2008, $64.1 million in our Dedicated reporting unit during 2007 and no impairment losses thereafter.
As of December 31, 2016 and 2015 the Truckload reporting unit had a carrying value of $186.6 million and the
Dedicated reporting unit had a carrying value of $66.7 million.
Depreciation andAmortization— Selecting the appropriate accounting method requires managementjudgment,
as there are multiple acceptable methods that are in accordance with US-GAAP, including straight-line, declining-
balance, and sum-of-the-years' digits. As discussed in Note 2, property and equipment is depreciated on a straight-
line basis and intangible customer relationships acquired in the 2007 Transactions are amortized on a 150% double-
declining-balance basis over the useful lives of the assets. We believe that these methods properly spread the
costs over the useful lives of the assets. Managementjudgment is also involved when determining estimated useful
lives of the Company's long-lived assets. We determine useful lives of our long-lived assets, based on historical
experience, as well as future expectations regarding the period we expect to benefit from the asset. Factors affecting
estimated useful lives of property and equipment may include estimating loss, damage, obsolescence, and company
policies around maintenance and asset replacement. Factors affecting estimated useful lives of long-lived intangible
assets may include legal, contractual, or other provisions that limit useful lives, historical experience with similar
assets, future expectations of customer relationships, among others.
Impairments of Long-lived Assets — Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques, including
discounted cash flow models, quoted market values, and third-party independent appraisals, as necessary.
Estimating fair value includes several significant assumptions, including future cash flow estimates, determination
of appropriate discount rates, and other assumptions that management believed reasonable under the
circumstances. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value
and/or impairment.
76