Income Taxes — Our deferred tax assets and liabilities represent items that will result in taxable income or tax
deductions in future years for which we have already recorded the related tax expense or benefit in our consolidated
income statements. Deferred tax accounts arise as a result of timing differences between when items are recognized
in our consolidated financial statements compared to when they are recognized in our tax returns. Significant
managementjudgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and in determining whether deferred
tax assets will be realized in full or in part. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. We periodically assess the likelihood that all or some portion of deferred tax assets will be recovered
from future taxable income. To the extent we believe the likelihood of recovery is not sufficient, a valuation allowance
is established for the amount determined not to be realizable.
Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements discusses valuation allowances and cumulative undistributed foreign
earnings.
We believe that we have adequately provided for our future tax consequences based upon current facts and
circumstances and current tax law. However, should our tax positions be challenged, different outcomes could
result and have a significant impact on the amounts reported through our consolidated income statements.
Operating Leases — In accordance with ASC Topic 840, Leases, property and equipment held under operating
leases, and liabilities related thereto, are off-balance sheet. All expenses related to operating leases are reflected
in our consolidated income statements in "Rental expense." At the inception of a lease, managementjudgment is
involved in classification as an operating or capital lease, as well as determination of useful lives and estimation of
residual values of the related equipment. Future minimum lease payments used in determining lease classification
represent the minimum rental payments called for over the lease term, inclusive of residual value guarantees (if
applicable) and amounts that would be required to be paid, if any, by the Company upon default for leases containing
subjective acceleration or cross default clauses.
The Company does not currently guarantee residual values under its operating lease agreements for revenue
equipment. To the extent we believe any manufacturer will refuse or be unable to meet its obligation, we recognize
additional rental expense to the extent we believe the fair market value at the lease termination will be less than
our obligation to the lessor. We believe that proceeds from the sale of equipment under operating leases would
exceed the payment obligation on substantially all operating leases.
Stock-based Compensation— We issue several types of share-based compensation, including awards that vest,
based on service and performance conditions ora combination of service and performance conditions. Performance-
based awards vest contingent upon meeting certain performance criteria established by our compensation
committee. All awards require future service and thus forfeitures are estimated based on historical forfeitures and
the remaining term until the related award vests. ASC Topic 718 requires that all share-based payments to
employees, including grants of employee stock options, be recognized in the financial statements based upon a
grant-date fair value of an award. Determining the appropriate amount to expense in each period is based on
likelihood and timing of achievement of the stated targets for performance-based awards, and requires judgment,
including forecasting future financial results and market performance. The estimates are revised periodically, based
on the probability and timing of achieving the required performance targets, and adjustments are made as
appropriate. Awards that are only subject to time-vesting provisions are amortized using the straight-line method.
Awards subject to time-based vesting and performance conditions are amortized using the individual vesting
tranches.
Legal Settlements and Reserves — See Note 17 in Part II Item 8: Financial Statements, in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 3 under Part II Item 8: Financial Statements, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for recently issued
accounting pronouncements that could have an impact on our consolidated financial statements.
77