- Phase 1: In September 2011, the EPA finalized federal regulations for controlling GHG emissions, beginning
with model-year 2014 medium- and heavy-duty engines and vehicles and increasing in stringency through
model-year 201 8. The federal regulations relate to efficient engines, use of auxiliary power units, mass reduction,
low rolling resistance tires, improved aerodynamics, improved transmissions, and reduced accessory loads.
In December 2013, California's ARB approved regulations to align its GHG emission standards and test
procedures, as well as its tractor-trailer GHG regulation, with the federal Phase 1 GHG regulation.
- Phase 2: In June 2015, the EPA and NHTSA, working in concert with California's ARB, formally announced a
proposed national program establishing Phase 2 of the GHG emissions and fuel efficiency standards for medium-
and heavy-duty vehicles for model-year 2018 and beyond. In August 2016, the EPA and NHTSA announced
the final rule regarding Phase 2, which builds upon Phase 1, and would apply to certain trailer types beginning
with model-year 2018 for EPA standards (voluntary for NHTSA standards through model-year 2020). Tractors
and certain trailer types would be subject to the Phase 2 standards beginning with model-year 2021, increasing
in stringency through model-year 2024, and phasing in completely by model-year 2027. This rule marks the
first time federal mandates will be applied to trailers, with respect to aerodynamics and low-rolling resistance
tires. The final rule was effective December 27, 2016.
Current and proposed GHG regulations could impact us by increasing the cost of new tractors and trailers, impairing
productivity, and increasing our operating expenses.
Climate-change Proposals — Federal and state lawmakers are considering a variety of climate-change proposals
related to carbon emissions and GHG emissions. The proposals could potentially limit carbon emissions for certain
states and municipalities, which continue to restrict the location and amount of time that diesel-powered tractors
(like ours) may idle.
Industry Regulation 7
Our operations are regulated and licensed by various federal, state, and local government agencies in North America,
including the DOT, the F MCSA, and the DHS, among others. Our company, as well as our drivers and contracted
owner-operators, must comply with enacted governmental regulations regarding safety, equipment, and operating
methods. Examples include regulation of equipment weight, equipment dimensions, driver hours-of-service, driver
eligibility requirements, on-board reporting of operations, and ergonomics. The following discussion presents
recently enacted federal, state, and local regulations that have an impact on our operations.
- Hours-of-service — In December 2011, the FMCSA released its final rule on hours-of-service, which was
effective on July 1, 2013. The key provisions included:
0 retaining the current 11-hour daily driving time limit;
0 reducing the maximum number of hours a truck driver can work within a week from 82 hours to 70 hours;
and
o limiting the number of consecutive driving hours a truck driver can work to eight hours before requiring the
driver to take a 30 minute break.
Since 2004 the hours-of-service rules allowed drivers to restart their duty-cycle clocks every 34 hours to begin
a new work week. From July 2013 through December 2014, the FMCSA required that drivers include 1:00 am.
to 5:00 am. on consecutive days for applying the restart, which was also capped at once per week, or 168
hours. On December 13, 2014, Congress passed the fiscal year 2015 Omnibus Appropriations bill, which
temporarily suspended enforcement of the 1:00 to 5:00 am provision and the 168-hour rule until September
30, 2015. The restart provision was again suspended in December 2015, pending completion of a study
regarding driver restarts, when Congress passed the fiscal year 2016 Omnibus Appropriations bill. All other
provisions of the hours-of-service rules that went into effect on July 1, 2013 remained unchanged.
In December 2016, a short-term funding bill was passed by Congress, which clarified the hours-of—service rule.
The provision in the bill requires the DOT to proceed with the existing 34-hour restart provision in the hours-
of-service rule to ensure continuity in federal rest regulations, should the report on the study (noted above) not
meet the criteria set by Congress. If the report, which was completed in December 2015, successfully addresses
fatigue, then the rules would go back into effect. We are not aware of any further developments related to the
hours-of—service rules.
17