Non-GAAP Financial Measures 7
The terms "Adjusted EPS," "Adjusted Operating Ratio," and "Adjusted EBITDA," as we define them, are not presented
in accordance with GAAP. These financial measures supplement our GAAP results in evaluating certain aspects of our
business. We believe that using these measures improves comparability in analyzing our performance because they
remove the impact of items from our operating results that, in our opinion, do not reflect our core operating performance.
Management and the Board focus on Adjusted EPS, Adjusted Operating Ratio, and Adjusted EBITDA as key measures
of our performance, all of which are reconciled to the most comparable GAAP financial measures and further discussed
below. We believe our presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures is useful because it provides investors and
securities analysts the same information that we use internally for purposes of assessing our core operating performance
and compliance with debt covenants.
Adjusted EPS, Adjusted Operating Ratio, and Adjusted EBITDA are not substitutes for their comparable GAAP financial
measures, such as net income, cash flows from operating activities, operating margin, or other measures prescribed by
GAAP. There are limitations to using non-GAAP financial measures. Although we believe that they improve comparability
in analyzing our period to period performance, they could limit comparability to other companies in our industry if those
companies define these measures differently. Because of these limitations, our non-GAAP financial measures should
not be considered measures of income generated by our business or discretionary cash available to us to invest in the
growth of our business. Management compensates for these limitations by primarily relying on GAAP results and using
non-GAAP financial measures on a supplemental basis.
Note: In the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations below, 2013 and 2012 are included to support the five-year presentation
in Part II, Item 6, "Selected Financial Data."
Adjusted EPS — Our definition of the non-GAAP measure, Adjusted EPS, starts with (a) income (loss) before income
taxes, the most comparable GAAP measure. We add the following items back to (a) to arrive at (b) adjusted income
(loss) before income taxes:
(i) amortization of the intangibles from the 2007 Transactions,
(ii) non-cash impairments,
(iii) other special non-cash items,
(iv) excludable transaction costs,
(v) mark-to-market adjustments on our interest rate swaps, recognized in the income statement,
(vi) amortization of previous losses recorded in AOCI related to the interest rate swaps we terminated upon our IPO and
refinancing transactions in December 2010, and
(vii) severance expense, including cash and equity award impact, related to the departure of certain executive leadership.
We subtract income taxes, at the GAAP effective tax rate as applied to adjusted income before income taxes (except for
2012 — 2013, when we used the GAAP expected effective tax rate) from (b) to arrive at (c) adjusted earnings. Adjusted
EPS is equal to (c) divided by weighted average diluted shares outstanding.
We believe that excluding the impact of derivatives provides for more transparency and comparability since these
transactions have historically been volatile. Additionally, we believe that comparability of our performance is improved
by excluding impairments that are unrelated to our core operations, as well as intangibles from the 2007 Transactions
and other special items that are non-comparable in nature.
46