Technology 6
Trucks— We equip virtually all of our trucks with certain OmniTRACStm technologies that enhance communication
between the regional terminals and corporate headquarters, as well as the added benefits of ELDs, text-to-voice
messaging, and turn-by-turn directions designed specifically for our industry. This allows us to alter driver routes
rapidly, in case of urgent customer requests, adverse weather conditions, road closures, or other potential delays.
It also enables our drivers to timely communicate route status or the need for emergency repairs. These technologies
have afforded us additional productivity, improved safety, and increased customer and driver satisfaction.
We reduce costs through programs that manage equipment maintenance, select fuel purchasing locations in our
nationwide network of terminals and approved truck stops, and inform us of inefficient or undesirable driving behaviors
that are monitored and reported through electronic engine sensors and cameras. We believe our technologies and
systems are superior to those employed by most of our smaller competitors.
Trailers and Containers — The majority of our trailers and containers are equipped with tracking devices that
monitor locations of empty and loaded equipment via satellite. We also use geofencing, along with other on-site
and off-site tracking capabilities to ensure we are alerted when our equipment is not located where we are expecting
it to be located. These technological capabilities enable us to identify unused or stolen units, enhance our ability
to charge for units detained by customers, and reduce theft.
Enterprise Resource Planning ("ERP'Q — In 2016, we began preliminary planning phases to replace our current
ERP with a new solution, including identification of needs, request for proposal, evaluation of alternatives, and final
selection of a new ERP. Beginning in 2017, the Company will be in the implementation phases of replacing its
current ERP system with a new cloud-based solution. The core applications of the new ERP within finance, human
resources, and payroll are expected to go live in 2018.
Employees 6
The strength of our company is our people, working together with common goals. There were approximately 21,800
full-time employees in our total headcount of approximately 21,900 employees as of December 31, 2016, which
was comprised of:
Company drivers (including driver trainees) 16,600
Technicians and other equipment maintenance personnel 1300
Support personnel (such as corporate managers, sales, and administrative personnel) 7 4,000
Total 21,900
As of December 31, 2016, our 821 Trans-Mex drivers in Mexico were our only employees represented by a union.
Company Drivers — All of our drivers must meet specific guidelines relating primarily to safety records, driving
experience, and personal evaluations, including a physical examination and mandatory drug and alcohol testing.
Upon hire, drivers are trained in our policies, operations, safety techniques, and the fuel-efficient operation of the
equipment. All new drivers must pass a safety test and have a current CDL. In addition, we have ongoing driver
efficiency and safety programs to ensure that our drivers comply with our safety procedures.
We have established eleven driver academies across the United States. Our academies are strategically located
in areas where external driver-training organizations were lacking. in other areas of the United States, we have
contracted with driver-training schools, which are managed by third parties. There are certain minimum qualifications
for candidates to be accepted into the academy, including passing the DOT physical examination and drug/alcohol
screening. Students are required to complete three weeks of instructor-led study/training and then spend a minimum
of 200 behind-the-wheel hours, driving with an experienced trainer.
in orderto attract and retain qualified drivers and promote safe operations, we purchase high quality tractors equipped
with optional comfort and safety features. We base our drivers at terminals and monitor each driver's location in
order to schedule routing for our drivers so they can return home regularly. The majority of company drivers are
compensated based on industry standard dispatched miles, loading/unloading, and number of stops or deliveries,
plus bonuses. The driver's base pay per mile increases with the driver's length of experience. Our driver ranking
system measures safety, compliance, customer service, and number of miles driven. Higher rankings provide
13