equipment, when not otherwise protected by residual value arrangements. Deteriorations of resale prices or trades
at depressed values could cause more losses on disposal or impairment charges in future periods.
Our leverage could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our
ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, and pre vent us from meeting our debt obligations.
As of December 31, 2016, our total outstanding long-term debt, including outstanding borrowings on the New
Revolver and 2015 RSA, but excluding capital lease obligations, was $0.9 billion. Because we are leveraged, we
could be at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged. This could have
negative consequences that include:
0 increased vulnerability to adverse economic, industry, or competitive developments;
~ cash flows from operations that are committed to payment of principal and interest, thereby reducing our ability
to use cash for our operations, capital expenditures, and future business opportunities;
~ increased interest rates that would affect our variable rate debt;
0 noncompliance with restrictive covenants, borrowing conditions, and other debt obligations, which could result
in an event of default;
~ non-strategic divestitures or inability to make strategic acquisitions;
0 lack of financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, debt service requirements,
and general corporate or other purposes; and
o limits on our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business, market conditions, or in the economy.
Our debt agreements contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business.
As detailed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, our senior secured credit facility agreement requires
compliance with various affirmative, negative, and financial covenants. A breach of any of these covenants could
result in default or (when applicable) cross-default. Upon default under our senior secured credit facility, the lenders
could elect to declare all outstanding amounts to be immediately due and payable, as well as terminate all
commitments to extend further credit. Such actions by those lenders could cause cross defaults with our other debt
agreements. If we were unable to repay those amounts, the lenders could secure the debt with the collateral granted
to them. If the lenders accelerated our debt repayments, we might not have sufficient assets to repay all amounts
borrowed.
In addition, our 2015 RSA includes certain restrictive covenants and cross default provisions with respect to our
senior secured credit facility. Failure to comply with these covenants and provisions mayjeopardize our ability to
continue to sell receivables under the facility and could negatively impact our liquidity.
Insuring risk through our captive insurance companies could adversely impact our operations.
We insure a significant portion of our risk through our captive insurance companies, Mohave and Red Rock. In
addition to insuring portions of our own risk, Mohave provides reinsurance coverage to third-party insurance
companies associated with our affiliated companies' owner-operators. Red Rock insures a share of our automobile
liability risk. The insurance and reinsurance markets are subject to market pressures. Our captive insurance
companies' abilities or needs to access the reinsurance markets may involve the retention of additional risk, which
could expose us to volatility in claims expenses.
To comply with certain state insurance regulatory requirements, cash and cash equivalents must be paid to Red
Rock and Mohave as capital investments and insurance premiums, to be restricted as collateral for anticipated
losses. The restricted cash is used for payment of insured claims. In the future, we may continue to insure our
automobile liability risk through our captive insurance subsidiaries, which will cause increases in the required amount
of our restricted cash or other collateral, such as letters of credit. Significant increases in the amount of collateral
required by third-party insurance carriers and regulators would reduce our liquidity.
We face risks related to self-insurance and third-party insurance that can be volatile to our earnings.
We self-insure a significant portion of our claims exposure and related expenses for cargo loss, bodily injury, workers'
compensation, and property damage, and maintain insurance with insurance companies above our limits of self-
insurance. Self-insurance retention and other limitations are detailed in Part I, Item 1, under "Safety and Insurance."
Our large self-insured retention limits can make our insurance and claims expense higher or more volatile.
27