arrangements, or operate our revenue equipment for longer periods of time. Additionally, such events could adversely
impact our ability to provide services to our customers.
Because our operations are dependent upon diesel fuel, fluctuations in price or availability, volume and
terms of purchase commitments, and surcharge collection could materially increase our costs of opera tion.
Although fuel prices have decreased in recent periods, fuel is one of our largest operating expenses. Diesel fuel
prices greatly fluctuate due to factors entirely beyond our control, such as political events, terrorist activities, armed
conflicts, and depreciation of the dollar against other currencies. Hurricanes and other natural or man-made
disasters, such as the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010, tend to lead to an increase in the cost of fuel. Rising
demand, matched with falling supply of fuel, adversely impacts the price. Examples include rising demand in
developing countries like China, diminishing supply from less drilling activity, and sharing supply with industries
using crude oil and oil reserves for other purposes. These events may lead to fuel shortages and disruptions in the
fuel supply chain.
Fuel is also subject to regional pricing differences and often costs more on the West Coast and in the Northeast,
where we have significant operations. Increases in fuel costs, to the extent not offset by rate-per-mile increases or
fuel surcharges, have an adverse effect on our operations and profitability. We obtain some protection against fuel
cost increases by maintaining a fuel-efficient fleet and compensatory fuel surcharge programs with the vast majority
of our customers. These fuel surcharge programs have historically helped us offset the majority of any negative
impacts of rising fuel prices associated with loaded or billed miles. Our fuel surcharge recovery lags behind changes
in fuel prices. As such, it may not capture the increased costs we pay for fuel, especially when prices are rising.
This leads to fluctuation in our levels of reimbursement, which has occurred in the past. During periods of low freight
volumes, shippers can use their negotiating leverage to impose less robust fuel surcharge policies. We cannot
ensure that such fuel surcharges will be indefinitely maintained or sufficiently effective. Additionally, there are certain
fuel costs that we cannot recover, despite our fuel surcharge programs, such as those associated with deadhead
miles and engine idling time.
We have not historically used derivatives to mitigate volatility in our fuel costs, but we periodically evaluate the
benefits of employing this strategy. To mitigate the impact of rising fuel costs, we contract with some of our fuel
suppliers to buy fuel at a fixed price or within banded pricing for a specified period, usually not exceeding twelve
months. However, these purchase commitments only cover a small portion of our fuel consumption. Accordingly,
fuel price fluctuations may still negatively impact us.
We operate a modern fleet of tractors, some of Which are leased or ﬁnanced. This subjects us to costs
associated With increasing equipment prices, new engine design changes, volatility in the used equipment
sales market, and the failure of manufacturers to meet their sale or trade-back obligations.
Our modern fleet of tractors gives us a competitive advantage in many ways. However, there are also disadvantages
we face from obtaining newer equipment. For example, engines used in tractors manufactured in 2010 and after
are subject to more stringent emissions control regulations issued by the EPA. We have paid higher prices for new
tractors over the past few years as a result of complying with these regulations, while the resale and residual values
have not increased to the same extent. Accordingly, our equipment costs, including depreciation expense per
tractor, are expected to increase in future periods. To comply with the EPA's 2010 diesel engine emissions standards,
many engine manufacturers are using special equipment that needs diesel exhaust fluid. If we purchase new
tractors that have this special equipment, we will be exposed to additional costs associated with price and availability
of diesel exhaust fluid, the weight of the equipment, maintenance, and training our drivers to use the equipment.
We have certain revenue equipment leases and financing arrangements with balloon payments at the end of the
lease term equal to the residual value the Company is contracted to receive from certain equipment manufacturers
upon sale or trade back to the manufacturers. If we do not purchase new equipment that triggers the trade-back
obligation, or the equipment manufacturers do not pay the contracted value at the end of the lease term, we could
be exposed to losses equal to the excess of the balloon payment owed to the lease or finance company over the
proceeds from selling the equipment on the open market. In addition, if we purchase equipment subject to a buy-
back agreement and the manufacturer refuses to honor the agreement, or we are unable to replace equipment at
a reasonable price, we may be forced to sell the equipment at a loss.
Used equipment prices are subject to substantial fluctuations based on freight demand, supply of used trucks,
availability of financing, presence of buyers for export to countries such as Russia and Brazil, and commodity prices
for scrap metal. These and any impacts of a depressed market for used equipment could require us to dispose of
our revenue equipment below the carrying value. This leads to losses on disposal or impairments of revenue
26