forward-looking statements are based upon information available to us on the date of this report. We undertake no
obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date
made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law.
Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations ("cautionary statements")
are disclosed under "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in this report. All forward-looking statements in this report and
subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are
expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements.
| ITEM 1. BUSINESS |
Certain acronyms and terms used throughout this Annual Report on Form 7 0-K are speciﬁc to our company,
commonly used in our industry, or are otherwise frequently used throughout our document. Deﬁnitions
for these acronyms and terms are pro vided in the "Glossary of Terms, "available in the front of this document.
Company Overview
Swift is a multi-faceted transportation services company, operating one of the largest fleets of truckload equipment
in North America from over 40 terminals near key freight centers and traffic lanes. We principally operate in short-
to medium-haul traffic lanes around our terminals and dedicated customer locations. During 2016, our consolidated
average operational truck count was 17,548, which along with our intermodal containers covered 2.2 billion miles
for shippers throughout North America, contributing to consolidated operating revenue of $4.0 billion and
consolidated operating income of $242.0 million. As of December 31, 2016, our fleet was comprised of 13,937
company tractors and 4,429 owner-operator tractors, as well as 64,066 trailers, and 9,131 intermodal containers.
Our customers have the opportunity to "one-stop-shop" for their truckload transportation needs with our extensive
suite of service offerings, which includes line-haul services, dedicated customer contracts, temperature-controlled
units, intermodal freight solutions, cross-border United States/Mexico and United States/Canada freight, flatbed
hauling, freight brokerage and logistics, and others.
Company Background
The Company began operations in 1966 with only one truck, with Jerry Moyes, along with his father and brother as
its founders. The founders originally conducted operations under the name of Common Market Distributing, later
buying Swift Transportation Co., Inc. ("Swift Transportation"). In the 1980s, Jerry Moyes bought out his partners,
becoming the sole owner of Swift Transportation. In 1990, Swift Transportation went public on the NASDAQ stock
market.
- The 2007 Transactions — In April 2007, Mr. Moyes and his wife contributed their ownership of all of the issued
and outstanding shares of IELto Swift Corporation in exchange for additional Swift Corporation shares. In May
2007, the Moyes Affiliates, contributed their shares of Swift Transportation common stock to Swift Corporation
in exchange for additional Swift Corporation shares. Swift Corporation then completed its acquisition of Swift
Transportation through a merger on May 10, 2007, thereby acquiring the remaining outstanding shares of Swift
Transportation common stock. Upon completion of the 2007 Transactions, Swift Transportation became a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Swift Corporation. At the close of market on May 10, 2007, the common stock of
Swift Transportation ceased trading on NASDAQ.
c The IPO— On May 20, 2010, Swift Corporation formed Swift Transportation Company, a Delaware corporation.
Swift Transportation Company did not engage in any business or other activities except in connection with its
formation and the IPO and held no assets or subsidiaries prior to such offering. Immediately prior to the
consummation of the IPO, Swift Corporation merged with and into Swift Transportation Company, with Swift
Transportation Company surviving as a Delaware corporation. In the merger, all of the outstanding common
stock of Swift Corporation was converted into shares of Swift Transportation Company Class B common stock
on a one-for-one basis, and all outstanding stock options of Swift Corporation were converted into options to
purchase shares of Class A common stock of Swift Transportation Company. All outstanding Class B shares
are held by Mr. Moyes and the Moyes Affiliates. Swift Transportation Company went public on the NYSE in
December 2010, at an initial trading price of $11.00 per share.
5