7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements *
Note 1 — Introduction and Basis of Presentation
Certain acronyms and terms used throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K are speciﬁc to our company,
commonly used in our industry, or are otherwise frequently used throughout our document. Deﬁnitions
for these acronyms and terms are pro vided in the "Glossary of Terms, "available in the front of this document.
Description of Business
Swift is a transportation solutions provider, headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona. As of December 31, 2016, the
Company's fleet of revenue equipment included 18,366 tractors (comprised of 13,937 company tractors and 4,429
owner-operator tractors), 64,066 trailers and 9,131 intermodal containers. The Company's four reportable segments
are Truckload, Dedicated, Swift Refrigerated, and lntermodal.
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Swift Transportation Company and
its wholly-owned subsidiaries. A” significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in
preparing the consolidated financial statements. When the Company does not have a controlling interest in an
entity, but exerts significant influence over the entity, the Company applies the equity method of accounting. In
management's opinion, the accompanying financial statements were prepared in accordance with principles
generally accepted in the United States and include all adjustments necessary for the fair presentation of the periods
presented.
Change in Accounting Estimate
In August 2016, the Company decreased the estimated residual values of a certain group of its tractors, as a result
of recent trends in the used tractor market. Management prospectively accounted for this as a change in accounting
estimate. This change increased "Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment" in the consolidated
income statements by approximately $9.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. Without this change in
estimate, basic and diluted earnings per share would have been $0.05 higher for the year ended December 31,
2016.
In October 2016, the Company changed its estimated residual values on certain trailers. This accelerated the
depreciation on some trailers, while decelerating the depreciation on others. Management prospectively accounted
forthis as a change in accounting estimate. The impact on "Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment"
was a decrease of approximately $0.6 million. Without this change in estimate, basic and diluted earnings per share
would have been unaffected for the year ended December 31, 2016.
Changes in Presentation
Beginning in 2016, the Company made the following changes in presentation:
In April 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-03, Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, which amended
ASC Subtopic 835-30, Interest - Imputation of Interest. The amendments in this ASU simplify the presentation of
debt issuance costs and align the presentation with debt discounts. Entities are required to present debt issuance
costs within liabilities as a direct deduction from the face amount of the related debt, rather than as a deferred charge
within assets. In August 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-15, Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt
Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-CreditArrangements —Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff
Announcement atJune 78, 2075 E/TF Meeting (SE C Update), which also amended ASC Subtopic 835-30, Interest
— Imputation of Interest. The SEC determined that ASU 2015-03 (discussed above) did not address costs related
to line-of-credit arrangements. The amendments in ASU 2015-15 clarify that entities may defer and present debt
issuance costs as an asset, and subsequently amortize the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of
the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of—credit
arrangement. The amendments in these ASUs require retrospective application, with related disclosures for a
change in accounting principle. For public business entities, the amendments in these ASUs were effective for
financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and the interim periods within those
fiscal years, with early adoption permitted.
87