information by Segment and Geography *
o Segments — Our four reportable segments are Truckload, Dedicated, Swift Refrigerated, and lntermodal.
Segment information is provided in Notes 2 and 24 to the consolidated financial statements, including accounting
and reporting policy, segment definitions, and financial information. Supplementary segment information is
available in Part II, Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.
0 Geography— The required disclosures relating to revenue and long-lived assets by geography are included
in Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements. Income tax information by geography is included in Note
11 to the consolidated financial statements.
Customers and Marketing 7
- Customers— Our customers are typically large corporations in the retail (including discount and online retail),
food and beverage, consumer products, paper products, transportation and logistics, housing and building,
automotive, and manufacturing industries. Many of our customers have extensive operations, geographically
distributed locations, and diverse shipping needs. Customer satisfaction is an important priority for us, which
is demonstrated by the numerous "carrier of the year" or similar awards received from our customers over the
past several years. Such achievements have helped us maintain a large and stable customer base featuring
Fortune 500 and other leading companies from a number of different industries. Consistent with industry
practice, our typical customer contracts (other than dedicated contracts) do not guarantee shipment volumes
by our customers or truck availability by us. This affords us and our customers some flexibility to negotiate
rates in response to changes in freight demand and industry-wide truck capacity. We believe our fleet capacity,
terminal network, customer service and breadth of services offer a competitive advantage to major shippers,
particularly in times of rising freight volumes when shippers must quickly access capacity across multiple
facilities and regions.
Customer Concentration
(as a percentage of consolidated operating revenue)
I Largest (Wal-Mart) Top5 Top 10 Top 25 Top 200
87% 87% 87%,
[ 540/0 I l 53% I [ 51‘ l
:37%-- —‘ 226% .J . 35%;; l
. l "1 4%?” l 151% l
20.16 12015 2014
One customer, Wal-Mart, accounted for more than 10% of our operating revenue during 2016, 2015, and 2014.
0 Marketing— We concentrate our marketing efforts on cross-selling our extensive suite of services we provide
to existing customers, as well as on establishing new customers with shipment needs that complement our
11