are not active for assets or liabilities that are identical or similar to the assets or liabilities being measured. Also,
model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active
markets are Level 2 valuation techniques.
- Level 3 — Valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are
unobservable. Unobservable inputs are valuation technique inputs that reflect the Company's own assumptions
about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability.
When available, the Company uses quoted market prices to determine the estimated fair value of an asset or liability.
If quoted market prices are not available, the Company measures fair value using valuation techniques that use,
when possible, current market-based or independently-sourced market parameters, such as interest rates and
currency rates. The level in the fair value hierarchy within which a fair value measurement in its entirety falls is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the estimated fair value measurement in its entirety.
Recurring Fair Value Measurements — As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, no major categories of assets or
liabilities included in the Company's consolidated balance sheets at estimated fair value were measured on a
recurring basis.
Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements —As of December 31, 2016 and 2015 there were no liabilities included
in the Company's consolidated balance sheets at estimated fair value that were measured on a nonrecurring basis.
The following table presents assets measured at estimated fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31,
2016 and 2015:
Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
EstiTIZtlﬁg Fair Level 1 Inputs Level 2 Inputs Level 3 Inputs Total Losses
(In thousands)
As of December 37, 2076
Software a; _ $ — $ — $ — $ (520)
Equipment (2) 1,963 — — 1,963 (250)
As of December 37, 20 75
Note receivable (3) — — — — (1,480)
(1) During the three months ended December 31, 2016, certain operations software related to the Company's
logistics business was determined to be fully impaired based on a significant decrease in the expected useful
life of the software. This resulted in a pre-tax impairment loss of $0.5 million, which was recorded in "Impairments"
within operating income in the consolidated income statement.
(2) During the three months ended December 31, 2016, management reassessed the fair value of certain IEL
tractors, which had a total book value of $2.2 million, determining that there was a pre-tax impairment loss of
$0.3 million. The impairment loss was recorded in "Impairments" within operating income in the consolidated
income statement.
(3) In September 2013, the Company agreed to advance up to $2.3 million, pursuant to an unsecured promissory
note, to an independent fleet contractor that transported freight on Swift's behalf. In March 2015, management
became aware that the independent contractor violated various covenants outlined in the unsecured promissory
note, which created an event of default that made the principal and accrued interest immediately due and
payable. As a result of this event of default, as well as an overall decline in the independent contractor's financial
condition, management re-evaluated the fair value of the unsecured promissory note. At March 31, 2015,
management determined that the remaining balance due from the independent contractor to the Company was
not collectible, which resulted in a $1.5 million pre-tax adjustment that was recorded in "Non-cash impairments
of non-operating assets" in the Company's consolidated income statements.
126