(5) Excludable transaction costs in 2013 were from the Central Acquisition, in which Swift and Central incurred financial
advisory, severance, and other professional fees related to the transaction.
(6) Mark-to-market adjustment of interest rate swaps reflects the portion of the change in fair value of these financial
instruments that was recorded in earnings in 2013 and excludes the portion recorded in AOCI under cash flow hedge
accounﬁng.
(7) Amortization of unrealized losses on interest rate swaps reflects the non-cash amortization expense of $5.1 million
in 2012 included in derivative interest expense in the consolidated income statements. Non-cash amortization
expense was comprised of previous losses recorded in AOCI related to the interest rate swaps we terminated upon
our IPO and concurrent refinancing transactions in December 2010. Such losses were incurred in prior periods when
hedge accounting applied to the swaps and were expensed in relation to the hedged interest payments through the
original maturity of the swaps in August 2012.
(8) "Amortization of certain intangibles" specifically reflects the non-cash amortization expense relating to certain
intangible assets identified in the 2007 Transactions through which Swift Corporation acquired Swift Transportation
Co.
(9) Refer to the discussion "Salaries, Wages, and Employee Benefits" for the year ended December 31, 2016 under
"Results of Operations — Consolidated Operating and Other Expenses," below.
(10) Provision for income tax expense at effective rate was based on the following:
- 2014 through 2016: GAAP effective tax rate.
- Prior to 2014: GAAP expected effective tax rate:
6 In 2013, we used a 38.5% rate, as there were variations in the GAAP effective tax rate primarily due to a
new tax rate in Mexico, Central's conversion to a C-Corporation from an S-Corporation, fixed asset basis
differences and state tax rate changes, Central Acquisition-related costs, as well as the benefit realized from
Central's designation as an S-corporation prior to the Central Acquisition.
o In 2012, we used a 39.0% rate, due to amortization of deferred tax assets related to our pre-IPO interest rate
swaps and other items causing fluctuations in the GAAP effective tax rate.
Adjusted Operating Ratio —Our definition of the non-GAAP measure, Adjusted Operating Ratio, starts with (a) operating
expense and (b) operating revenue, which are GAAP financial measures. We subtract the following items from (a) to
arrive at (c) adjusted operating expense:
(i) fuel surcharge revenue,
(ii) amortization of the intangibles from the 2007 Transactions,
(iii) non-cash operating impairment charges,
(iv) other special non-cash items,
(v) excludable transaction costs, and
(vi) severance expense, including cash and equity award impact, related to the departure of certain executive leadership.
We then subtract fuel surcharge revenue from (b) to arrive at (d) Revenue xFSR. Adjusted Operating Ratio is equal to
(c) adjusted operating expense as a percentage of (d) Revenue xFSR.
We net fuel surcharge revenue against fuel expense in the calculation of our Adjusted Operating Ratio, thereby excluding
fuel surcharge revenue from operating revenue in the denominator. Because fuel surcharge revenue is so volatile, we
believe excluding it provides for more transparency and comparability. Additionally, we believe that comparability of our
performance is improved by excluding impairments, non-comparable intangibles from the 2007 Transactions and other
special items.
48