Claims Accruals — The Company is self-insured for a portion of its risk related to auto liability, workers'
compensation, property damage, and cargo damage. Prior to January 1, 2015, the Company was also self-insured
for a portion of its employer medical expense. Self-insurance results from buying insurance coverage that applies
in excess of a retained portion of risk for each respective line of coverage. The Company accrues for the cost of
the uninsured portion of pending claims by evaluating the nature and severity of individual claims and by estimating
future claims development based upon historical claims development trends. The actual cost to settle self-insured
claim liabilities may differ from our reserve estimates due to legal costs, claims that have been incurred but not
reported and various other uncertainties, including the inherent difficulty in estimating the severity of the claims and
the potential judgment or settlement amount to dispose of the claim.
Fair Value Measurements — See Note 21 for accounting policies and financial information relating to fair value
measurements.
Contingencies — See Note 17 for accounting policies and financial information related to contingencies.
Revenue Recognition —The Company recognizes operating revenues and the related direct costs of such revenue
as of the date the freight is delivered, in accordance with ASC Topic 605-20-25-13, Services for Freight-in-Transit
at the End of a Reporting Period.
The Company recognizes operating lease revenue from leasing tractors and related equipment to owner-operators.
Operating lease revenue from rental operations is recognized as earned, which is straight-lined perthe rent schedules
in the lease agreements. Losses from lease defaults are recognized as offsets to revenue.
Stock-based Compensation — The Company accounts for stock-based compensation expense in accordance
with ASC Topic 718, Compensation — Stock Compensation. ASC Topic 718 requires that all share-based payments
to employees and non-employee directors, including grants of employee stock options, be recognized in the financial
statements based upon a grant-date fair value of an award. The Company calculates the number of awards expected
to vest as awards granted, less expected forfeitures overthe life of the award (estimated at grant date). Compensation
expense is recorded based on amortization of the grant-date fair value over a graded vesting period. Unless a
material deviation from the assumed forfeiture rate is observed during the term in which the awards are expensed,
any adjustment necessary to reflect differences in actual experience is recognized in the period the award becomes
payable or exercisable. See Note 19 for additional information relating to the Company's stock compensation plan.
Income Taxes — Management accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to operating loss and tax credit
carryforwards, as well as differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and
liabilities and their respective tax bases. Net deferred incomes taxes are classified as noncurrent in the consolidated
balance sheets. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of changes in tax rates is recognized in income in
the period that includes the enactment date.
Avaluation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets if the Company determines it is more likely than not
that such assets will not ultimately be realized.
The Company does not recognize a tax benefit for uncertain tax positions unless it concludes that it is more likely
than not that the benefit will be sustained on audit by the taxing authority based solely on the technical merits of
the associated tax position. If the recognition threshold is met, the Company recognizes a tax benefit measured at
the largest amount of the tax benefit that, in the management'sjudgment, is greater than 50% likely to be realized.
The Company records expected incurred interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax positions in "Income
tax expense" in the consolidated income statements. To the extent that such interest and penalties are not ultimately
incurred, previously accrued amounts are reduced and reflected as a reduction of the income tax provision.
91