Additionally, if our third-party insurance carriers or underwriters leave the trucking sector, it could materially increase
our insurance costs or collateral requirements, or create difficulties in finding insurance in excess of our self-insured
retention limits.
We accrue for the costs of the uninsured portion of pending claims, based on the nature and severity of individual
claims and historical claims development trends. Estimating the number and severity of claims, as well as related
judgment or settlement amounts is inherently difficult. This, along with legal expenses, incurred but not reported
claims, and other uncertainties can cause unfavorable differences between actual self-insurance costs and our
reserve estimates. We try to limit our exposure to claims that ultimately prove to be more severe than originally
assessed. However, this may not be possible if carrier subcontractors under our brokerage operations are
inadequately insured for any accident.
Although we believe our aggregate insurance limits are sufficient to cover reasonably expected claims, it is possible
that one or more claims could exceed those limits. In this case, we would bear the excess expense, in addition to
the amount of self-insurance. Our insurance and claims expense could increase, or we could find it necessary to
raise our self-insured retention or decrease our aggregate coverage limits when our policies are renewed or replaced.
Our stock could decline due to the large number of outstanding shares of our common stock eligible for
future sale.
Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales could
occur, could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. These sales also could make it more
difficult for us to sell equity or equity- related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem appropriate.
As of December 31, 2016, we have approximately 83.3 million outstanding shares of Class A common stock,
assuming no exercise of options outstanding as of the date of this report, and approximately 49.7 million outstanding
shares of Class B common stock that are convertible into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock. All
of the Class A shares are freely tradable, except that any shares owned by "affiliates" (as that term is defined in
Rule 144 under the Securities Act) may only be sold in compliance with the limitations described in Rule 144 under
the Securities Act.
in addition, we have an aggregate of 4.3 million shares and 1.7 million shares of Class A common stock reserved
for issuances under our 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan and our 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, respectively.
lssuances of Class A common stock to our directors, executive officers, and employees through exercise of stock
options under our stock plans, or purchases by our executive officers and employees through our 2012 ESPP, dilute
a stockholder's interest in Swift.
We could determine that our goodwill and other indeﬁnite-lived intangibles are impaired, thus recognizing
a related loss.
As of December 31, 2016, we had goodwill of $253.3 million and indefinite-lived intangible assets of $181 .0 million
primarily from the 2007 Transactions. We evaluate goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment in
accordance with the accounting policies discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. Our
evaluations in 2016, 2015, and 2014 produced no indication of impairment. We could recognize impairments in the
future, and we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets. If these events occur, our profitability and
financial condition will suffer.
We do not currently pay dividends on our Class A common stock or Class B common stock.
We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings, if any, for use in the development and expansion of our
business, the repayment of debt, our repurchase of our Class A common stock, and for general corporate purposes.
Any determination to pay dividends and other distributions in cash, stock, or property by Swift in the future will be
at the discretion of our Board and will be dependent on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition
and results of operations, contractual restrictions, such as restrictive covenants contained in our senior secured
credit facility, capital requirements, legal restrictions, and other factors.
28