ITEM 7. MANA GEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RES UL TS OF OPERA TIONS
Certain acronyms and terms used throughout this Annual Report on Form 7 0-K are speciﬁc to our company,
commonly used in our industry, or are otherwise frequently used throughout our document. Deﬁnitions
for these acronyms and terms are pro vided in the "Glossary of Terms, "available in the front of this document.
Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the
description of our business in Part I, Item 1, as well as the consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes
in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements as a result of
many factors, including those set forth under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, Part I Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-
/ooking Statements, and elsewhere in this report. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions
that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed.
Executive Summary
Company Overview— Swift is a multi-faceted transportation services company, operating one of the largest fleets
of truckload equipment in North America from over 40 terminals near key freight centers and traffic lanes. We
principally operate in short- to medium-haul traffic lanes around our terminals and dedicated customer locations.
We concentrate on this length of haul because the majority of domestic truckload freight (as measured by revenue)
moves in these lanes and our extensive terminal network affords us marketing, equipment control, supply chain,
customer service, and driver retention advantages in local markets. Since our average length of haul is relatively
short, it helps reduce competition from railroads and trucking companies that lack a regional presence.
Our four reportable segments are Truckload, Dedicated, Swift Refrigerated, and lntermodal. Our extensive suite
of service offerings (which includes line-haul services, dedicated customer contracts, temperature-controlled units,
intermodal freight solutions, cross-border United States/Mexico and United States/Canada freight, flatbed hauling,
freight brokerage and logistics, and others) provides our customers with the opportunity to "one-stop-shop" for their
truckload transportation needs. In 2016, our fleet covered 2.2 billion miles for shippers throughout North America.
Revenue — In 2016, we generated consolidated operating revenue of $4.0 billion. We primarily generate revenue
by transporting freight for our customers, generally at a predetermined rate per mile. We supplement this revenue
by charging for fuel surcharges, stop-off pay, loading and unloading activities, tractor and trailer detention, and other
ancillary services. The main factors that affect our revenue from transporting freight are the rate per mile we receive
from our customers and loaded miles. The main factors that affect fuel surcharge revenue are the price of diesel
fuel and the number of loaded miles. Fuel surcharges are billed on a lagging basis, meaning that we typically bill
customers in the current week based on a previous week's applicable index. Therefore, in times of increasing fuel
prices, we do not recover as much as we are currently paying for fuel. In periods of declining prices, the opposite
is true.
Revenue in our non-reportable segments is generated by our non-asset-based freight brokerage and logistics
management service, tractor leasing revenue from our financing subsidiaries, premium revenue from our captive
insurance companies, and revenue from third parties serviced by our repair and maintenance shops. Main factors
affecting revenue in our non-reportable segment are demand for brokerage and logistics services, as well as the
number of equipment leases by our financing subsidiaries to the owner-operators we contract with and other third
parties.
Expenses — Our most significant expenses vary with miles traveled and include fuel, driver-related expenses (such
as wages and benefits), and services purchased from owner-operators and other transportation providers (such as
railroads, drayage providers, and other trucking companies). Maintenance and tire expenses, as well as cost of
insurance and claims generally vary with the miles we travel, but also have a controllable component based on
safety improvements, fleet age, efficiency, and other factors. Our primary fixed costs are depreciation and lease
expense for revenue equipment and terminals, interest expense, and non-driver compensation.
Compared to changes in rate per mile and loaded miles, changes in deadhead miles percentage generally have
the largest proportionate effect on our profitability because we still bear all of the expenses for each deadhead mile,
but do not earn any revenue to offset those expenses. Changes in rate per mile have the next largest proportionate
effect on profitability because incremental improvements in rate per mile are not offset by any additional expenses.
Changes in loaded miles generally have a smaller effect on profitability because variable expenses fluctuate with
41