The Company adopted this guidance at the beginning of 2016. Accordingly, DLCs, except for those associated
with the Company's New Revolver, are presented as direct deductions from the face amount of the related debt.
The Company retrospectively adjusted the December 31 , 2015 consolidated balance sheet to align with the current
period presentation, as follows:
December 31, 2015
: Unadjusted Adjusted :
Consolidated Reclassification Consolidated
iFinancial Statement Caption 7 : Balance Sheet : : Adjustments : : Balance Sheet :
(In thousands)
ASSETS:
Other assets $ 29,353 $ (2,768) $ 26,585
LIABILITIES:
Current portion of long-term debt 3; 35,582 $ (68) $ 35,514
Long-term debt, less current portion 645,290 (1,627) 643,663
Accounts receivable securitization 225,000 (1,073) 223,927
Beginning in 2015, the Company made the following changes in presentation:
~ Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation are separately presented within "Net cash provided by
operating activities" in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The prior period presentation has been
retrospectively adjusted to reclassify the amount out of "Accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities" and
into the new line item "Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation." The change in presentation has
no net impact on "Net cash provided by operating activities."
~ Gross amounts of investment in securities activities are presented as "Proceeds from maturities of investments"
and "Purchases of investments" in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The prior period presentation
has been retrospectively adjusted to accommodate this gross presentation. The change in presentation has
no net impact on "Net cash used in investing activities."
~ "Operating revenue" in the consolidated income statements is disaggregated into the line items "Revenue,
excluding fuel surcharge revenue" and "Fuel surcharge revenue." The change in presentation has no net
impact on "Operating revenue."
Note 2 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Use of Estimates — The preparation of the consolidated financial statements, in accordance with US-GAAP,
requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in
the Company's consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. On an ongoing basis, management
evaluates and periodically adjusts its estimates and assumptions, based on historical experience, the impact of the
current economic environment, and other key factors. Volatile energy markets, as well as changes in consumer
spending have increased the inherent uncertainty in such estimates and assumptions. As future events and their
effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ significantly from these estimates. Significant
items subject to such estimates and assumptions include:
- carrying amount of property and equipment, intangibles, and goodwill;
o valuation allowances for receivables, inventories, and deferred income tax assets;
- valuation of financial instruments;
~ calculation of stock-based compensation;
~ estimates of claims accruals;
~ leases,and
~ contingent obligations.
88