I Eimmmm I
I Aggregate information regarding accruals for the below employee hiring practices matters: I
I Explanation if no accrual has
_ Aggregate accrual : : Aggregate range of loss in excess of accrual : : been made _
It is not probable that a
loss was incurred and/or
$— million $— million - $— million the amount ofloss cannot
be reasonably estimated
for these matters.
I Indiana Fair Credit Reporting Act Class Action I
The plaintiff alleges that Central Refrigerated Service, Inc. violated the Fair Credit Reporting Act by failing to provide
job applicants with adverse action notices and copies of their consumer reports and statements of rights.
I Court or agency currently
_ Plaintiff(s) : :Defendant(s) : :Date instituted : : pending in _
Melvin Banks (1) Central Refrigerated March 18,2015 United States District
Service, Inc. Court for the District of
Arizona
I Recent Developments and Current Status I
The first phase of discovery, regarding potential for identifying and certifying a class of affectedjob applicants, has
been completed. The parties are currently completing a class certification briefing and the Company filed a Motion
for Summary Judgment. The Company retains all of its defenses against liability and damages. Additionally, the
Company intends to vigorously defend against the merits of the claims and to challenge certification. The final
disposition of the matter and the impact on the Company cannot be determined at this time. The likelihood that
a loss has been incurred is remote.
' California Class and Collective Action for Pre-employment Physical Testing I
The plaintiff alleges that pre-employment tests of physical strength administered by a third party on behalf of Central
Refrigerated Service, Inc. had an unlawfully discriminatory impact on female applicants and applicants over the
age of 40. The suit seeks damages under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the age Discrimination Act, and
parallel California state law provisions, including the California Fair Employment and Housing Act.
I Court or agency currently
Plaintiff(s) 7 iDefendant(s) 7 Date instituted : : pending in _
Robin Anderson (1) Central Refrigerated October 6, 2014 United States District
Service, Inc., Workwell Court for the Central
Systems, Inc., and Swift District of California
Transportation Company
I Recent Developments and Current Status
Litigation is at a very preliminary stage and no trial date has been set. There is no information available regarding
the number of potential members of the putative class or collective actions. The Company intends to vigorously
defend against the merits of the plaintiff's claims and to oppose certification of any class of plaintiffs. The final
disposition of this case and the financial impact cannot be determined at this time. The likelihood that a loss has
been incurred is remote.
(1) Individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated.
116