Other Contingencies
Demand for Inspection of Books and Records and Stockholder Derivative Lawsuit — During 2016, the Company
received several shareholder demands requesting to inspect the Company's books and records, pursuant to Section
220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. The demands relate to the shareholders' alleged investigation
pertaining to whether the Board and Jerry Moyes have breached their fiduciary duties with respect to matters that
have been publicly disclosed concerning the Company's securities trading policy, limitations on the pledging of
Company stock on margin, share repurchases, the status of Board members as independent directors and other
related matters. The Company has responded to the shareholders' requests received thus far. On February 9,
2016, a civil lawsuit was filed in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (captioned as: Shiva Stein derivative/y
on behalf of Swift Transportation Company V. Jerry Moyes et al. and Swift Transportation Company as nominal
defendant (the "Complaint")). The Complaint, initially filed as a confidential filing, is a purported derivative action
alleging that the individual members of the Company's Board breached theirfiduciary duties related to the Company's
administration of its Securities Trading Policy and certain compensation actions related to Mr. Moyes. Any future
disposition or resolution of these matters cannot be determined at this time.
Environmental — The Company's tractors and trailers are involved in motor vehicle accidents, and experience
damage, mechanical failures, and cargo issues as an incidental part of its normal course of operations. From time
to time, these matters result in the discharge of diesel fuel, motor oil, or other hazardous materials into the
environment. Depending on local regulations and who is determined to be at fault, the Company is sometimes
responsible for the clean-up costs associated with these discharges. As of December 31, 2016, the Company's
estimate for its total legal liability for all such clean-up and remediation costs was approximately $0.6 million in the
aggregate for all current and prior year claims.
Note 18 — Common Stock
Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share, while holders of Class B common stock are
entitled to two votes per share on any matter to be voted on by our stockholders. Holders of Class A and Class B
common stock vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, unless otherwise
required by law, except that a separate vote of each class would be required for:
0 any merger or consolidation in which holders of shares of Class A common stock receive consideration that is
not identical to holders of shares of Class B common stock;
0 any amendment of Swift Transportation Company's amended and restated certificate of incorporation or
amended and restated bylaws that alters the relative rights of its common stockholders; and
o any increase in the authorized number of shares of Class B common stock or the issuance of shares of Class
B common stock, other than such increase or issuance required to effect a stock split, stock dividend, or
recapitalization pro rata with any increase or issuance of Class A common stock.
117