Conflict of Interest Risk
Our controlling shareholder and Board member, Jerry Moyes, along With the Mo yes Afﬁliates, control a
large portion of our stock and have substantial control over us, Which could limit other stockholders'ability
to influence the outcome of key transactions, including changes of control.
Our controlling shareholder and Board member, Mr. Moyes, and the Moyes Affiliates beneficially own 40.3% of our
outstanding common stock. Mr. Moyes and the Moyes Affiliates beneficially own 100.0% of our Class B common
stock and approximately 4.6% of our Class A common stock. On all matters with respect to which our stockholders
have a right to vote, including the election of directors, the holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to one
vote per share, and the holders of our Class B common stock are entitled to two votes per share. All outstanding
shares of Class B common stock are convertible to Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis at the election
of the holders thereof, or automatically upon transfer to someone other than Mr. Moyes or the Moyes Affiliates.
This voting structure gives Mr. Moyes and the Moyes Affiliates approximately 56.5% of the voting power of all of
our outstanding stock as of December 31, 2016. As a result of our dual class structure, Mr. Moyes and the Moyes
Affiliates are able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval even though they own less than
50% of the total outstanding shares of our common stock. This significant concentration of share ownership may
adversely affect the trading price for our Class A common stock because investors may perceive disadvantages in
owning stock in companies with controlling stockholders. Also, these stockholders can exert significant influence
over our management and affairs and matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors
and the approval of significant corporate transactions, such as mergers, consolidations, or the sale of substantially
all of our assets. Consequently, this concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a
change of control, including a merger, consolidation, or other business combination involving us, or discouraging a
potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control, even if other stockholders
perceived that change of control to be beneficial.
Because Mr. Moyes and the Moyes Affiliates control a majority of the voting power of our common stock, we qualify
as a "controlled company" as defined by the NYSE and as such, we may elect not to comply with certain corporate
governance requirements of this stock exchange. We do not currently intend to utilize these exemptions, but may
choose to do so in the future.
Mr. Mo yes has loans and other obligations against Which he and certain of his family members ha ve pledged
a portion of their Class B common stock, Which may cause a conflict of interests between Mr. Mo yes and
our other stockholders, and adversely affect the trading price of our Class A common stock.
Amended M Capital ll VPF and Cactus VPF — On October 30, 2015, M Capital II and another Moyes Affiliate,
Cactus Holding I, entered into the Amended M Capital l| VPF and the Cactus VPF, respectively. The purposes of
these two VPF contracts were to (i) extend the maturity date of M Capital “'5 then-existing VPF with Citibank NA.
entered into on October 29, 2013 and maturing on November 4, 2015 through November 6, 2015 and (ii) generate
cash proceeds for the repayment of certain stock-secured obligations of Cactus Holding II, a Moyes Affiliate, and
thereby effect the release of certain shares of Class B common stock pledged in connection with the same.
Cactus Holding I entered into the Cactus VPF contract in respect of 3.3 million shares of the Company's Class B
common stock, which were pledged by Cactus Holding l as security for its obligations under the Cactus VPF contract.
Under the Cactus VPF contract, Cactus Holding l was required to deliver to Citigroup Global Markets Inc. ("CGMI")
a variable amount of stock or cash during a three trading day period at the maturity of the contract on November
21, 2016 through November 24, 2016 (later extended to November 25, 2016, then extended to 2017 as described
below). In connection with the Cactus VPF contract, Cactus Holding I received $48.3 million from CGMI (including
the $18.5 million noted in the paragraph below).
In connection with the Amended M Capital ll VPF, M Capital ll paid Citibank NA. $18.5 million. The source of these
funds was a cash payment from CGMl in connection with the Cactus VPF Contract. Under the Amended M Capital
l| VPF contract, M Capital II was required to deliver to Citibank NA. a variable amount of stock or cash during a
three trading day period at the maturity of the contract on November 21, 2016 through November 24, 2016 (later
extended to November 25, 201 6, then extended to 2017 as described below). The number of shares of the Company's
Class B common stock subject to the Amended M Capital ll VPF remained unchanged at 13.7 million.
On May 18, 2016, M Capital ll terminated its VPF covering approximately12.3 million shares of Class A common
stock, and entered into a new VPF covering approximately 12.3 million shares of Class A common stock. The new
VPF required M Capital II to deliver a variable amount of Class Acommon stock, up to a maximum of approximately
29