Standards not yet adopted
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). This standard provides a
single set of guidelines for revenue recognition to be used across all industries and requires additional disclosures. It is effective for
annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. This standard permits early adoption, but not before
December 15, 2016, and permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. We are currently
evaluating the potential impact of this standard on our financial position and results of operations, as well as our selected transition
method. Based on our preliminary assessment, we believe the new standard will not have a material impact on our financial
position and results of operations, as we do not expect to change the manner or timing of recognizing revenue on a majority of
our revenue transactions. We recognize revenue on sales to customers and distributors upon satisfaction of our performance
obligations when the goods are shipped. For consignment sales, we recognize revenue when the goods are pulled from
consignment inventory. ’3
In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments — Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and 5
Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. Under this standard, all equity investments except those accounted for 5
under the equity method are required to be measured at fair value. Equity investments that do not have a readily determinable "'
fair value may, as a practical expedient, be measured at cost, adjusted for changes in observable prices minus impairment. This
standard is effective for our interim and annual periods beginning January 1, 2018. We do not expect this standard to have a
material impact on our financial position and results of operations, as nearly all of our equity investments are already recorded at
fair value or under the equity method.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). This standard requires all leases that have a term of over
12 months to be recognized on the balance sheet with the liability for lease payments and the corresponding right-of-use asset
initially measured at the present value of amounts expected to be paid over the term. Recognition of the costs of these leases on
the income statement will be dependent upon their classification as either an operating or a financing lease. Costs of an operating
lease will continue to be recognized as a single operating expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Costs for a
financing lease will be disaggregated and recognized as both an operating expense (for the amortization of the right-of-use asset)
and interest expense (for interest on the lease liability). This standard will be effective for our interim and annual periods beginning
January 1, 2019, and must be applied on a modified retrospective basis to leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of
the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the .
timing of adoption and the potential impact of this standard on our financial position, but we do not expect it to have a material
impact on our results of operations.
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments — Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses
on Financial Instruments. This standard requires entities to use a current lifetime expected credit loss methodology to measure
impairments of certain financial assets. Using this methodology will result in earlier recognition of losses than under the current
incurred loss approach, which requires waiting to recognize a loss until it is probable of having been incurred. There are other
provisions within the standard that affect how impairments of other financial assets may be recorded and presented, and that
expand disclosures. This standard will be effective for our interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and
permits earlier application but not before December 15, 2018. The standard will be applied using a modified retrospective
approach. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of this standard, but we do not expect it to have a material impact on
our financial position and results of operations.
3. Restructuring charges/other
Restructuring charges/other is comprised of the following components:
For Years Ended December 31,
2016 2015 2014
Restructuringcharges(a) $ 25 $14 $ 20
Gainsonsalesofassets......................................................... (40) (83) (75)
— (2) 4
Restructuringcharges/other $(15) $(71) $(51)
(a) Includes severance and benefits, accelerated depreciation, changes in estimates or other exit costs.
Restructuring charges/other are recognized in Other for segment reporting purposes.
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2016 FORM 10-K 37