Revenue recognition
We recognize revenue from sales of our products, including sales to our distributors, when title and risk of loss pass, which usually
occurs upon shipment or delivery to the customer or distributor, depending upon the terms of the sales order; when persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists; when sales amounts are fixed or determinable; and when collectability is reasonably assured.
For sales to distributors, payment is due on our standard commercial terms and is not contingent upon resale of the products.
Revenue from sales of our products that are subject to inventory consignment agreements, including consignment arrangements
with distributors, is recognized in accordance with the principles discussed above. Delivery occurs when the customer or
distributor pulls product from consignment inventory that we store at designated locations.
.ﬂ
0
Q We recognize revenue net of allowances, which are management’s estimates of future credits to be granted to customers or
‘ distributors under programs common in the semiconductor industry. These allowances, which are not material, generally include
9 volume-based incentives, product returns due to quality issues, incentives designed to maximize growth opportunities and special
5‘ pricing arrangements. Allowances are based on analysis of historical data, current economic conditions and contractual terms
and are recorded when revenue is recognized. We believe we can reasonably and reliably estimate allowances for credits to
distributors in a timely manner.
In addition, we record allowances for accounts receivable that we estimate may not be collected. We monitor collectability of
accounts receivable primarily through review of the accounts receivable aging. When collection is at risk, we assess the impact
on amounts recorded for bad debts and, if necessary, will record a charge in the period such determination is made.
We recognize in revenue shipping fees, if any, received from customers. We include shipping and handling costs in cost of
revenue. The majority of our customers pay these fees directly to third parties.
Income taxes
In determining Net income for financial statement purposes, we must make certain estimates and judgments in the calculation of
tax provisions and the resultant tax liabilities, and in the recoverability of deferred tax assets that arise from temporary differences
between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense.
In the ordinary course of global business, there may be many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax outcome is
uncertain. The calculation of tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. We recognize
potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the U.S. and other taxjurisdictions based on an estimate of the ultimate
resolution of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. Although we believe the estimates are reasonable, no
assurance can be given that the final outcome of these matters will not be different than what is reflected in the historical income
tax provisions and accruals.
As part of our financial process, we must assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets can be recovered. lf recovery is not
likely, the provision for taxes must be increased by recording a reserve in the form of a valuation allowance for the deferred tax
assets that are estimated not to be ultimately recoverable. In this process, certain relevant criteria are evaluated, including the
existence of deferred tax liabilities that can be used to absorb deferred tax assets, the taxable income in prior years that can be
used to absorb net operating losses and credit carrybacks, and taxable income in future years. Our judgment regarding future
recoverability of our deferred tax assets based on these criteria may change due to various factors, including changes in US. or
international tax laws and changes in market conditions and their impact on our assessment of taxable income in future periods.
These changes, if any, may require material adjustments to the deferred tax assets and an accompanying reduction or increase in
Net income in the period when such determinations are made. Also, our plans for the permanent reinvestment or eventual
repatriation of the accumulated earnings of certain of our non-U.S. operations could change. Such changes could have a material
effect on tax expense in future years.
In addition to the factors described above, the estimated annual tax rate, which excludes discrete items, reflected in forward-
looking statements is based on then-current tax law. Significant changes in tax law enacted during the year could affect
these estimates. Retroactive changes in tax law enacted subsequent to the end of a reporting period are reflected in the period
of enactment.
22 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2016 FORM 10-K