Director not standing for re-election
* CHRISTINE TODD
lgtiiz‘.-==:i;-;é=3), WHITMAN
Age 70
Member, Compensation
of. - .
Committee
Ms. Whitman, a highly valued director since 2003, has attained the age of 70 and is therefore ineligible under the company’s
by-laws to stand for re-election at the 2017 annual meeting.
Director nomination process
The board is responsible for approving nominees for election as directors. To assist in this task, the board has designated a standing
committee, the Governance and Stockholder Relations Committee (the G&SR Committee), which is responsible for reviewing and
recommending nominees to the board. The G&SR Committee is comprised solely of independent directors as defined by the rules of
the NASDAQ Stock Market (NASDAQ) and the board’s corporate governance guidelines. Our board of directors has adopted a written
charter for the G&SR Committee. It can be found on our website at www.ti.com/corporategovernance.
Director candidate recommendations
It is a long-standing policy of the board to consider prospective board nominees recommended by stockholders. A stockholder
who wishes to recommend a prospective board nominee for the G&SR Committee’s consideration can write to the Secretary of the
G&SR Committee, Texas Instruments Incorporated, P.0. Box 655936, MS 8658, Dallas, TX 75265-5936. The G&SR Committee will
evaluate the stockholder’s prospective board nominee in the same manner as it evaluates other nominees.
In evaluating prospective nominees, the G&SR Committee looks for the following minimum qualifications, qualities and skills:
0 Outstanding achievement in the individual’s personal career.
0 Breadth of experience.
0 Soundness of judgment.
0 Ability to make independent, analytical inquiries.
0 Ability to contribute to a diversity of viewpoints among board members.
0 Willingness and ability to devote the time required to perform board activities adequately (in this regard, the G&SR
Committee will consider the number of other boards on which the individual serves as a director, and in particular the
board’s policy that directors should not serve on the boards of more than three other public companies).
0 Ability to represent the total corporate interests of TI (a director will not be selected to, nor will he or she be expected to,
represent the interests of any particular group).
1, Stockholder nomination of directors
:1
0
§ Under the company’s by-laws, a stockholder, or a group of up to 20 stockholders, owning at least 3 percent of the company’s
a, outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years, may nominate and include in the company’s proxy materials
;' director nominees constituting up to the greater of two individuals or 20 percent of the board of directors, provided that the
; stockholder(s) and the nominee(s) satisfy the requirements specified in the by-laws.
3
E The company’s by-laws also allow stockholders to nominate directors without involving the G&SR Committee or including the
" nominee in the company’s proxy materials. To do so, stockholders must comply with the requirements set forth in the by-laws,
which can be found on our website at www.ti.com/corporategovernance.
e TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2017 PROXY STATEMENT