PART I
ITEM 1. Business.
We design and make semiconductors that we sell to electronics designers and manufacturers all over the world. We began
operations in 1930. We are incorporated in Delaware, headquartered in Dallas, Texas, and have design, manufacturing or sales
operations in more than 30 countries. We have two reportable segments: Analog and Embedded Processing. We report the results
of our remaining business activities in Other. In 2016, we generated $13.37 billion of revenue.
1‘ We focus our resources on Analog and Embedded Processing because we believe that these segments’ long product life cycles,
3 intrinsic diversity and need for less capital-intensive manufacturing provide a combination of stability, profitability and strong cash
3 generation. This business model is the foundation of our capital management strategy, which is based on our belief that free cash
a flow growth is important for maximizing shareholder value over the long term. We also believe that free cash flow will be valued
5‘ only If It IS productively Invested In the busrness or returned to shareholders. Free cash flow IS cash flow from operations less
capital expenditures.
Product information
Semiconductors are electronic components that serve as the building blocks inside modern electronic systems and equipment.
Semiconductors, generally known as “chips,” combine multiple transistors to form a complete electronic circuit. We have tens of
thousands of products that are used to accomplish many different things, such as converting and amplifying signals, interfacing
with other devices, managing and distributing power, processing data, canceling noise and improving signal resolution. This broad
portfolio includes products that are integral to almost all electronic equipment.
Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development
requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes and distribution channels. 0ur segments also reflect how
management allocates resources and measures results. Additional information regarding each segment follows.
Analog
Analog generated $8.54 billion of revenue in 2016. Analog semiconductors change real-world signals, such as sound, temperature,
pressure or images, by conditioning them, amplifying them and often converting them to a stream of digital data that can be
processed by other semiconductors, such as embedded processors. Analog semiconductors also are used to manage power in all
electronic equipment by converting, distributing, storing, discharging, isolating and measuring electrical energy, whether the
equipment is plugged into a wall or running off a battery. 0ur Analog products are used in many markets, particularly personal
electronics and industrial.
Sales of our Analog products generated about 64 percent of our revenue in 2016. According to external sources, the market
for analog semiconductors was about $48 billion in 2016. Our Analog segment’s revenue in 2016 was about 18 percent of this
fragmented market, the leading position. We believe we are well positioned to increase our market share over time.
In 2016, our Analog segment included the following major product lines: High Volume Analog & Logic (HVAL), Power Management
(Power), High Performance Analog (HPA) and Silicon Valley Analog (SVA).
HVAL
HVAL included high-volume integrated products that support applications like automotive safety systems, touchscreen controllers,
low-voltage motor drivers and integrated motor controllers.
Power
Power included products that help customers manage power in electronic systems. Our broad portfolio of Power products is
designed to manage power requirements using battery management solutions, portable power components, power supply controls
and point-of-load products.
2 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2016 FORM 10-K