Profit Sharing
Purpose Broad-based program designed to emphasize that each employee contributes to the company’s profitability and
can share in it
Strategy Pay according to a formula that focuses employees on a company goal, and at a level that will affect behavior.
Profit sharing is paid in addition to any performance bonus awarded for the year.
For the last 12 years, the formula has been based on company-level annual operating profit margin. The formula
was set by the TI board. The committee’s practice has been not to adjust amounts earned under the formula.
Terms Payable in a single cash payment shortly after the end of the performance year
As in recent years, the formula for 2016 was:
0 Below 10% company-level annual operating profit as a percentage of revenue (“Margin”): no
profit sharing
0 At 10% Margin: profit sharing = 2% of base salary
0 At Margin above 10%: profit sharing increases by 0.5% of base salary for each percentage point of Margin
between 10% and 24%, and 1% of base salary for each percentage point of Margin above 24%. The
maximum profit sharing is 20% of base salary.
In 2016, TI delivered Margin of 35.9%. As a result, all eligible employees, including executive officers, received
profit sharing of 20.0% of base salary.
Performance Bonus
Purpose To motivate executives and reward them according to the company’s relative and absolute performance and the
executive’s individual performance
Strategy Determined primarily on the basis of one-year and three-year company performance on certain measures
(revenue growth percent, operating margin and total shareholder returni) as compared with competitors and on
our strategic progress in key markets and with customers. These factors have been chosen to reflect our near-
term financial performance as well as our progress in building long-term shareholder value.
The committee aims to pay total cash compensation (base salary, profit sharing and bonus) appropriately above
median if company performance is above that of competitors, and pay total cash compensation appropriately
below the median if company performance is below competitors.
The committee does not rely on formulas or performance targets or thresholds. Instead, it uses its judgment
based on its assessment of the factors described above.
.0 Terms Determined by the committee and paid in a single payment after the performance year
:1
0
ﬁ Long-term compensation, awarded in equity
3 Stock Options and Restricted Stock Units
3 Purpose Alignment with shareholders; long-term focus; retention, particularly with respect to restricted stock units
3
2 Strategy We grant a combination of nonqualified stock options and restricted stock units, generally targeted at the median
" level of equity compensation awarded to executives in similar positions within the Comparator Group.
Terms The terms and conditions of stock options and restricted stock units are summarized under “Outstanding equity
awards at fiscal year-end 2016.” The committee’s grant procedures are described under “Process for equity
grants.”
1 Total shareholder return refers to the percentage change in the value of a shareholder’s investment in a company over the
relevant time period, as determined by dividends paid and the change in the company’s share price during the period. See notes
to the Performance summary table under “Analysis of compensation determinations — Bonus.”
20 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2017 PROXY STATEMENT