Electronic delivery of proxy materials and copies of our Form 10-K
As an alternative to receiving printed copies of these materials in future years, we are pleased to offer stockholders the opportunity
to receive proxy mailings electronically. To request electronic delivery, please vote via the internet at www.proxyvote.com and,
when prompted, enroll to receive or access proxy materials electronically in future years. After the meeting date, stockholders
holding shares through a broker or bank may request electronic delivery by visiting www.icsdelivery.com/ti and entering
information for each account held by a bank or broker. If you are a registered stockholder and would like to request electronic
delivery, please visit www-us.computershare.com/investor or call Tl Investor Relations at 214—479-3773 for more information. If
you are a participant in a TI benefit plan and would like to request electronic delivery, please call TI Investor Relations for more
information.
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be held on April 20, 2017.
This 2017 proxy statement and the company’s 2016 annual report are accessible at: www.proxyvote.com.
The company’s annual report to stockholders, which contains consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2016, accompanies this proxy statement. You may also obtain a copy of the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2016, that was filed with the SEC without charge by writing to Investor Relations, P.0. Box
660199, MS 8657, Dallas, TX 75266-0199. Our Form 10-K is also available in the “Investor Relations” section of our website at
www.ti.com.
Sincerely,
7 ¥&
7}
Cynthia Hoff Trochu
Senior Vice President,
Secretary and General Counsel
March 6, 2017
Dallas, Texas
Notice regarding forward-looking statements
This proxy statement includes fonNard-Iooking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements herein that describe Tl’s business strategy, plans, goals, future capital
spending levels and potential for growth, improved profit margins and cash generation are forward-looking statements. All such
fonNard-Iooking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and amounts to differ
materially from those in forward-looking statements. For a detailed discussion of the risks and uncertainties, see the Risk factors
3 discussion in Item 1A of our annual report on Form 10-Kfor the year ended December 31, 2016. The forward-looking statements
0 included in this proxy statement are made only as of the date of this proxy statement and we undertake no obligation to update the
ﬁ fonNard-Iooking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.
1”.
>
_|
l'i'l
3
HI
2
.l
50 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2017 PROXY STATEMENT