Our results of operations and liquidity could be affected by changes in the financial markets.
We maintain bank accounts, one or more multi-year revolving credit agreements, and a portfolio of investments to support the
financing needs of the company. Our ability to fund our operations, invest in our business, make strategic acquisitions, service our
debt obligations and meet our cash return objectives depends upon continuous access to our bank and investment accounts, and
may depend on access to our bank credit lines that support commercial paper borrowings and provide additional liquidity through
short-term bank loans. If we are unable to access these accounts and credit lines (for example, due to instability in the financial
markets), our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected and our ability to access the capital markets
or redeem our investments could be restricted.
'3 Increases in health care and pension benefit costs could affect our results of operations and
g financial condition.
9 Federal and state health care reform programs could increase our costs with regard to medical coverage of our employees, which
5‘ could reduce profitability and affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, obligations related to our pension
and other postretirement plans reflect assumptions that affect the planned funding and costs of these plans, including the actual
return on plan assets, discount rates, plan participant population demographics and changes in pension regulations. Changes in
these assumptions may affect plan funding, cash flow and results of operations, and our costs and funding obligations could
increase significantly if our plans’ actual experience differs from these assumptions.
Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of
qualified employees in a competitive environment.
Our continued success depends in part on the retention and recruitment of skilled personnel, including engineering, management,
marketing, technical and staff personnel. Skilled and experienced personnel in our industry are in high demand, and competition
for their talents is intense. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully retain and recruit the key engineering,
management and technical personnel that we require to execute our business strategy. Our ability to recruit internationally or
deploy employees to various locations may be limited by immigration laws.
Our ability to successfully implement business and organizational changes could affect our business
plans and results of operations.
From time to time, we undertake business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and restructuring
actions, to support or carry out our strategic objectives. Our failure to successfully implement these changes could adversely affect
our business plans and operating results. For example, we may not realize the expected benefits of an acquisition if we are unable
to timely and successfully integrate acquired operations, product lines and technology, and our pre-acquisition due diligence may
not identify all possible issues and risks that might arise with respect to an acquisition. Further, we may not achieve or sustain the
expected growth or cost savings benefits of business and organizational changes, and restructuring charges could differ materially
in amount and timing from our expectations.
Material impairments of our goodwill or intangible assets could adversely affect our results
of operations.
We have a significant amount of goodwill and intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheet. Charges associated with
impairments of goodwill or intangible assets could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
ITEM 13. Unresolved Staff Comments.
Not applicable.
12 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2016 FORM 10-K