The term of office of these officers is from the date of their election until their successor shall have been elected and qualified. All
have been employees of the company for more than five years. Messrs. Anderson, Crutcher, Delagi, March, Ritchie and Templeton
and Mses. West and Whitaker have served as executive officers of the company for more than five years. Ms. Trochu and Mr. Xie
became executive officers of the company in 2015.
Employees
At December 31, 2016, we had 29,865 employees.
Available information
.ﬂ
3 Our internet address is www.ti.com. Information on our website is not a part of this report. We make available free of charge
3 through our Investor Relations website our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, and amendments to those reports, as soon as
3 reasonably practicable after they are filed with the SEC. Also available through the TI Investor Relations website are reports filed by
5: our directors and executive officers on Forms 3, 4 and 5, and amendments to those reports.
Available on our website at www.ti.com/corporategovernance are: (i) our Corporate Governance Guidelines; (ii) charters for the
Audit, Compensation, and Governance and Stockholder Relations Committees of our board of directors; (iii) our Code of Conduct;
and (iv) our Code of Ethics for Tl Chief Executive Officer and Senior Finance Officers. Stockholders may request copies of these
documents free of charge by writing to Texas Instruments Incorporated, P.0. Box 660199, MS 8657, Dallas, Texas, 75266-0199,
Attention: Investor Relations.
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors.
You should read the following risk factors in conjunction with the factors discussed elsewhere in this and other of our filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and in materials incorporated by reference into these filings. These risk factors are
intended to highlight certain factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations and are not meant to be an
exhaustive discussion of risks that apply to Tl, a company with broad international operations. Like other companies, we are
susceptible to macroeconomic downturns in the United States or abroad that may affect the general economic climate and our
performance and the performance of our customers. Similarly, the price of our securities is subject to volatility due to fluctuations
in general market conditions, actual financial results that do not meet our and/or the investment community’s expectations,
changes in our and/or the investment community’s expectations for our future results and other factors, many of which are beyond
our control.
We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and
pricing pressures.
We face intense technological and pricing competition in the markets in which we operate. We expect this competition will
continue to increase from large competitors and from small competitors serving niche markets, and also from emerging
companies, particularly in Asia, that sell products into the same markets in which we operate. For example, we may face increased
competition as a result of China actively promoting and reshaping its domestic semiconductor industry through policy changes and
investment. These actions may restrict us from participating in the China market or may prevent us from competing effectively with
Chinese companies. Certain of our competitors possess sufficient financial, technical and management resources to develop and
market products that may compete favorably against our products, and consolidation among our competitors may allow them to
compete more effectively. Additionally, traditional intellectual property licensors are increasingly providing functionality, designs
and complete hardware or software solutions that compete with our products. The price and product development pressures that
result from competition may lead to reduced profit margins and lost business opportunities in the event that we are unable to
match the price declines or cost efficiencies, or meet the technological, product, support, software or manufacturing
advancements of our competitors.
Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products.
Rapid technological change in markets we serve could contribute to shortened product life cycles and a decline in average selling
prices of our products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market
innovative products. We make significant investments in research and development to develop new technologies and products to
meet changing customer demands, and we might not realize a return on our investments because they are generally made before
commercial viability can be assured. Further, projects that are commercially viable may not contribute significant revenue until at
least a few years after they are completed.
8 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2016 FORM 10-K