Comparator group
The Compensation Committee considers the market level of compensation when setting the salary, bonuses and equity
compensation of the executive officers. The committee targets salary below market median in order to weight total compensation
to performance-based elements. To estimate the market level of pay, the committee uses information provided by its
compensation consultant and Tl’s Compensation and Benefits organization about compensation paid to executives in similar
positions at a peer group of companies (the “Comparator Group”).
The committee sets the Comparator Group. Historically, the Comparator Group companies (1) are U.S.-based, (2) engage in
the semiconductor business or other electronics or information technology activities, (3) have executive positions comparable in
complexity to those of TI and (4) use forms of executive compensation comparable to Tl’s.
Shown in the table below is the Comparator Group used for the compensation decisions for 2016.
Analog Devices, Inc. Intel Corporation
Applied Materials, Inc. Motorola Solutions, Inc.
Broadcom Corporation QUALCOMM Incorporated
Computer Sciences Corporation Seagate Technology *
eBay Inc. * TE Connectivity Ltd.
EMC Corporation * Western Digital Corporation
Emerson Electric Co. Xerox Corporation *
* Removed in July 2016
The committee set the Comparator Group in July 2015 for the base salary and equity compensation decisions it made in
January 2016. For a discussion of the factors considered by the committee in setting the Comparator Group in July 2015, please
see “Comparator group” on pages 19-20 of the company’s 2016 proxy statement.
In July 2016, the committee conducted its regular review of the Comparator Group in terms of industry, revenue and market
capitalization and noted that with recent merger, divestiture and reorganization activity, certain companies had either been ‘
eliminated or were no longer appropriate. The committee determined that with few direct competitors of similar size and
complexity as the company, the peer group should be broadened to incorporate industries of similar size and complexity, including
companies that use sophisticated manufacturing processes. Potential additions to the Comparator Group were screened based
on financial comparability to company metrics, including market capitalization to revenue ratios, operating margin and free cash
flow margin.
'—
2
III
E
I.I.l
'—
<
l—
U)
>.
><
o
n:
n.
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2017 PROXY STATEMENT 21