Consideration of tax and accounting treatment of compensation
Section 162(m) of the IRC generally denies a deduction to any publicly held corporation for compensation paid in a taxable year to
the company’s CEO and three other highest compensated officers excluding the CFO, to the extent that the officer’s compensation
(other than qualified performance-based compensation) exceeds $1 million. The Compensation Committee considers the impact of
this deductibility limit on the compensation that it intends to award. The committee exercises its discretion to award compensation
that does not meet the requirements of Section 162(m) when applying the limits of Section 162(m) would frustrate or be
inconsistent with our compensation policies and/or when the value of the foregone deduction would not be material. The
committee has exercised this discretion when awarding restricted stock units that vest over time, without performance conditions
to vesting. The committee believes it is in the best interest of the company and our shareholders that restricted stock unit awards
provide for the retention of our executive officers in all market conditions.
The Texas Instruments Executive Officer Performance Plan is intended to ensure that performance bonuses under the plan are fully
tax deductible under Section 162(m). The plan, which shareholders approved in 2002, is further described following the table
under “Grants of plan-based awards in 2016.” The committee’s general policy is to award bonuses within the plan, although the
committee reserves the discretion to pay a bonus outside the plan if it determines that it is in the best interest of the company and
our shareholders to do so. The committee set the bonuses of the named executive officers for 2016 performance at the levels
described under “Analysis of compensation determinations for 2016 — Bonus.” The bonuses were awarded within the plan.
When setting equity compensation, the committee considers the cost for financial reporting purposes of equity compensation it
intends to grant. Its consideration of the cost of grants made in 2016 is discussed under “Analysis of compensation determination
for 2016 — Equity compensation.”
Compensation Committee report
The Compensation Committee of the board of directors has furnished the following report:
The committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD&A) with the company’s management.
Based on that review and discussion, the committee has recommended to the board of directors that the CD&A be included in the
company’s annual report on Form 10-K for 2016 and the company’s proxy statement for the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders.
Robert E. Sanchez, Chair Daniel A. Carp Pamela H. Patsley Christine Todd Whitman
'U
:u
o
><
.<
m
.l
>
_|
l'i'l
3
HI
2
.l
30 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2017 PROXY STATEMENT