PROXY STATEMENT — MARCH 6, 2017
EXECUTIVE OFFICES
12500 Tl BOULEVARD, DALLAS, TEXAS 75243
MAILING ADDRESS: P.O. BOX 660199, DALLAS, TEXAS 75266-0199
Voting procedures, quorum and attendance requirements
We board of directors requests your proxy for the annual meeting of stockholders on April 20, 2017. If you sign and return the
enclosed proxy, or vote by telephone or on the internet, you authorize the persons named in the proxy to represent you and vote
your shares for the purposes mentioned in the notice of annual meeting. This proxy statement and related proxy are being
distributed on or about March 6, 2017. If you come to the meeting, you can vote in person. If you do not come to the meeting, your
shares can be voted only if you have returned a properly signed proxy or followed the telephone or internet voting instructions,
which can be found on the enclosed proxy. If you sign and return your proxy but do not give voting instructions, the shares
represented by that proxy will be voted as recommended by the board of directors. You can revoke your authorization at any time
before the shares are voted at the meeting.
A quorum of stockholders is necessary to hold a valid meeting. If at least a majority of the shares of TI common stock issued and
outstanding and entitled to vote are present in person or by proxy, a quorum will exist. Abstentions and broker non-votes are
counted as present for purposes of establishing a quorum. Broker non-votes occur when a beneficial owner who holds company
stock through a broker does not provide the broker with voting instructions as to any matter on which the broker is not permitted to
exercise its discretion and vote without specific instruction.
Shown below is a list of the matters to be considered at the meeting (each of which is discussed elsewhere in this proxy
statement), and the vote required for election or approval, as the case may be.
Matter Required Vote for Election or Approval Impact of Abstentions or Broker Non-Votes
Election of directors. Majority of votes present in person or Abstentions have the same effect as T
by proxy at the meeting and entitled to votes against. Broker non-votes are
be cast in the election with respect to not counted as votes for or against.
a nominee must be cast for that
nominee.
Advisory vote to approve named Majority of votes present in person or Abstentions and broker non-votes
executive officer compensation. by proxy at the meeting must be cast have the same effect as votes
for the proposal. against.
Advisory vote on approval of annual Majority of votes present in person or Abstentions and broker non-votes
frequency for future advisory votes on by proxy at the meeting must be cast have the same effect as votes
executive compensation. for the proposal. against.
Proposal to ratify appointment of Majority of votes present in person or Abstentions have the same effect as ._
independent registered public by proxy at the meeting must be cast votes against. (Brokers are permitted E
accounting firm. for the proposal. to exercise their discretion and vote 5
without specific instruction on this i5
matter. Accordingly, there are no E
broker non-votes.) :
Any other matter that may properly be Majority of votes present in person or Abstentions and broker non-votes g
submitted at the meeting. by proxy at the meeting must be cast have the same effect as votes E
for the proposal. against.
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2017 PROXY STATEMENT 3