Recoupment policy
The committee has a policy concerning recoupment (“clawback”) of executive bonuses and equity compensation. Under the policy,
in the event of a material restatement of Tl’s financial results due to misconduct, the committee will review the facts and
circumstances and take the actions it considers appropriate with respect to the compensation of any executive officer whose fraud
or willful misconduct contributed to the need for such restatement. Such action may include (a) seeking reimbursement of any
bonus paid to such officer exceeding the amount that, in the judgment of the committee, would have been paid had the financial
results been properly reported and (b) seeking to recover profits received by such officer during the 12 months after the restated
period under equity compensation awards. All determinations by the committee with respect to this policy are final and binding on
all interested parties.
Most recent stockholder advisory vote on executive compensation
In April 2016, our shareholders cast an advisory vote on the company’s executive compensation decisions and policies as
disclosed in the proxy statement issued by the company in March 2016. Approximately 95 percent of the shares voted on the
matter were cast in support of the compensation decisions and policies as disclosed. The committee considered this result and
determined that it was not necessary at this time to make any material changes to the company’s compensation policies and
practices in response to the advisory vote.
Beneﬁts
Retirement plans
The executive officers participate in our retirement plans under the same rules that apply to other U.S. employees. We maintain
these plans to have a competitive benefits program and for retention.
Like other established U.S. manufacturers, we have had a U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan for many years. At its origin,
the plan was designed to be consistent with those offered by other employers in the diverse markets in which we operated, which
at the time included consumer and defense electronics, as well as semiconductors and materials products. In order to limit the
cost of the plan, we closed the plan to new participants in 1997. We gave U.S. employees as of November 1997 the choice to
remain in the plan, or to have their plan benefits frozen (i.e., no benefit increase attributable to years of service or change in
eligible earnings) and begin participating in an enhanced defined contribution plan. Mr. Templeton and Mr. Crutcher chose not to
remain in the defined benefit plan. As a result, their benefits under that plan were frozen in 1997 and they participate in the
enhanced defined contribution plan. Mr. Anderson, who joined the company in 1999, participates in the enhanced defined
contribution plan. The other named executive officers have continued their participation in the defined benefit pension plan.
The Internal Revenue Code (IRC) imposes certain limits on the retirement benefits that may be provided under a qualified plan. To
maintain the desired level of benefits, we have non-qualified defined benefit pension plans for participants in the qualified pension
plan. Under the non-qualified plans, participants receive benefits that would ordinarily be paid under the qualified pension plan but
for the limitations under the IRC. For additional information about the defined benefit plans, please see “2016 pension benefits.”
Employees accruing benefits in the qualified pension plan, including the named executive officers other than Mr. Templeton,
Mr. Crutcher and Mr. Anderson, also are eligible to participate in a qualified defined contribution plan that provides employer
Ia matching contributions. The enhanced defined contribution plan, in which Mr. Templeton, Mr. Crutcher and Mr. Anderson
a participate, provides for a fixed employer contribution plus an employer matching contribution.
><
Z In general, if an employee who participates in the pension plan (including an employee whose benefits are frozen as described
-I above) dies after having met the requirements for normal or early retirement, his or her beneficiary will receive a benefit equal to
E. the lump-sum amount that the participant would have received if he or she had retired before death. Having already reached the
E age of 55 and at least 20 years of employment, Mr. Templeton, Mr. March and Mr. Ritchie are eligible for early retirement under
2 the pension plans.
4
Because benefits under the qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension plans are calculated on the basis of eligible
earnings (salary and bonus), an increase in salary or bonus may result in an increase in benefits under the plans. Salary or bonus
increases for Mr. Templeton and Mr. Crutcher do not result in greater benefits for them under the company’s defined benefit
pension plans because their benefits under those plans were frozen in 1997. Mr. Anderson does not participate in the company’s
defined benefit pension plans. The committee considers the potential effect on the executives’ retirement benefits when it sets
salary and performance bonus levels.
28 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2017 PROXY STATEMENT