SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS INCORPORATED
By: /s/ Kevin P. March
Kevin P. March
.ﬂ Senior Vice President,
3 Principal Financial Officer
3 and Chief Accounting Officer
‘5: Date: February 23, 2017
Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Richard K. Templeton, Kevin P. March, and
Cynthia Hoff Trochu, or any of them, each acting alone, his or her true and lawful atlorneys—in-fact and agents, with full power of
substitution and resubstitution, for such person and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities in connection
with the annual report on Form 10-K of Texas Instruments Incorporated for the year ended December 31, 2016, to sign any and all
amendments to the Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said atlorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, full power and
authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully
to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact
and agents, or their substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 23rd day of February 2017.
Signature Title
/s/ Ralph W. Babb, Jr. Director
Ralph W. Babb, Jr.
/s/ Mark A. Blinn Director
Mark A. Blinn
/s/ Daniel A. Carp Director
Daniel A. Carp
/s/ Janet F. Clark Director
Janet F. Clark
/s/ Carrie S. Cox Director
Carrie S. Cox
/s/ Jean M. Hobby Director
Jean M. Hobby
/s/ Ronald Kirk Director
Ronald Kirk
/s/ Pamela H. Patsley Director
Pamela H. Patsley
66 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2016 FORM 10-K