The board has determined that all members of the Audit Committee are financially sophisticated, as the board has interpreted such
qualifications in its business judgment. in addition, the board has designated Mr. Babb as the audit committee financial export as
defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
The Audit Committee met six times in 2016. The Audit Committee holds regularly scheduled meetings and reports its activities to
the board. The committee also continued its long-standing practice of meeting directly with our internal audit staff to discuss the
audit plan and to allow for direct interaction between Audit Committee members and our internal auditors. Please see pages 42-43
for a report of the committee.
Compensation Committee
All members of the Compensation Committee are independent. Since April 17, 2015, the committee members have been
Mr. Sanchez (chair), Mr. Carp, Ms. Patsley and Ms. Whitman. The committee is responsible for:
0 Reviewing the performance of the CEO and determining his compensation.
0 Setting the compensation of the company’s other executive officers.
0 Overseeing administration of employee benefit plans.
0 Making recommendations to the board regarding:
O Institution and termination of, revisions in and actions under employee benefit plans that (i) increase benefits only for
officers of the company or disproportionately increase benefits for officers of the company more than other employees
of the company, (ii) require or permit the issuance of the company’s stock or (iii) the board must approve.
0 Reservation of company stock for use as awards of grants under plans or as contributions or sales to any trustee of any
employee benefit plan.
0 Taking action as appropriate regarding the institution and termination of, revisions in and actions under employee benefit
plans that are not required to be approved by the board.
0 Appointing, setting the compensation of, overseeing and considering the independence of any compensation consultant or
other advisor.
The Compensation Committee met six times in 2016. The Compensation Committee holds regularly scheduled meetings, reports
its activities to the board, and consults with the board before setting annual executive compensation. Please see page 30 for a
report of the committee.
in performing its functions, the committee is supported by the company’s Human Resources organization. The committee has
the authority to retain any advisors it deems appropriate to carry out its responsibilities. The committee retained Pearl Meyer &
Partners as its compensation consultant for the 2016 compensation cycle. The committee instructed the consultant to advise it
directly on executive compensation philosophy, strategies, pay levels, decision-making processes and other matters within the
scope of the committee’s charter. Additionally, the committee instructed the consultant to assist the company’s Human Resources
organization in its support of the committee in these matters with such items as peer-group assessment, analysis of the executive
compensation market, and compensation recommendations.
The Compensation Committee considers it important that its compensation consultant’s objectivity not be compromised by
other engagements with the company or its management. In support of this belief, the committee has a policy on compensation
1, consultants, a copy of which may be found on www.ti.com/corporategovernance. During 2016, the committee determined that
3 its compensation consultant was independent of the company and had no conflict of interest.
><
j, The Compensation Committee considers executive compensation in a multistep process that involves the review of market
; information, performance data and possible compensation levels over several meetings leading to the annual determinations in
-l January. Before setting executive compensation, the committee reviews the total compensation and benefits of the executive
E officers and considers the impact that their retirement, or termination under various other scenarios, would have on their
2 compensation and benefits.
_|
The CEO and the senior vice president responsible for Human Resources, who is an executive officer, are regularly invited to
attend meetings of the committee. The CEO is excused from the meeting during any deliberations or vote on his compensation. No
executive officer determines his or her own compensation or the compensation of any other executive officer. As members of the
board, the members of the committee receive information concerning the performance of the company during the year and interact
with our management. The CEO gives the committee and the board an assessment of his own performance during the year just
ended. He also reviews the performance of the other executive officers with the committee and makes recommendations regarding
their compensation. The senior vice president responsible for Human Resources assists in the preparation of and reviews the
compensation recommendations made to the committee other than for her compensation.
12 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2017 PROXY STATEMENT