Raw materials
We purchase materials, parts and supplies from a number of suppliers. In some cases we purchase such items from sole source
suppliers. The materials, parts and supplies essential to our business are generally available at present, and we believe that such
materials, parts and supplies will be available in the foreseeable future.
Intellectual property
We own many patents, and have many patent applications pending, in the United States and other countries in fields relating to
our business. We have developed a strong, broad-based patent portfolio and continually add patents to that portfolio. We also have x
license agreements, which vary in duration, involving rights to our portfolio or those of other companies. We do not consider our 6
business materially dependent upon any one patent or patent license. 1-
E
We often participate in industry initiatives to set technical standards. Our competitors may participate in the same initiatives. 5
Participation in these initiatives may require us to license certain of our patents to other companies on reasonable and
non-discriminatory terms.
We own trademarks that are used in the conduct of our business. These trademarks are valuable assets, the most important of
which are “Texas Instruments” and our corporate monogram.
Research and development
Our R&D expense was $1.37 billion in 2016, compared with $1.28 billion in 2015 and $1.36 billion in 2014. Our primary areas of
R&D investment are Analog and Embedded Processing products.
We conduct most of our R&D internally. However, we also closely engage with a wide range of third parties, including software
suppliers, universities and select industry consortia, and we collaborate with our foundry suppliers on semiconductor
manufacturing technology.
Executive officers of the Registrant
The following is an alphabetical list of the names and ages of the executive officers of the company and the positions or offices
with the company held by each person named:
Name Age Position
Niels Anderskouv * 47 Senior Vice President
Stephen A. Anderson 55 Senior Vice President
Ellen L. Barker * 54 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Brian T. Crutcher 44 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
R. Gregory Delagi 54 Senior Vice President
Haviv llan * 48 Senior Vice President
Rafael R. Lizardi ** 44 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Kevin P. March ** 59 Senior Vice President, Principal Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer
Kevin J. Ritchie 60 Senior Vice President
Richard K. Templeton 58 Director; Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
Cynthia Hoff Trochu 53 Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel
Julie M. Van Haren *** 48 Senior Vice President
Teresa L. West *** 56 Senior Vice President
Darla H. Whitaker 51 Senior Vice President
Bing Xie 49 Senior Vice President
* Effective January 19, 2017.
** Effective February 1, 2017, Mr. Lizardi succeeded Mr. March as chief financial officer. Mr. Lizardi will assume the
responsibilities of chief accounting officer effective March 1, 2017, at which time Mr. March will cease to be principal
financial officer. Mr. March will retire from the company later this year.
*** Effective January 1, 2017, Ms. Van Haren succeeded Ms. West, who will retire from the company on February 28, 2017.
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2016 FORM 10-K 7