o 2016 compensation decisions for the CEO:
0 Base salary was increased by 2 percent over 2015.
0 The grant date fair value of equity compensation awarded in 2016 was unchanged from 2015.
0 The bonus decision was based primarily on the following performance results in 2016:
I 2016 Absolute Performance I 2016 Relative Performance" I
I Revenue Growth: Total Tl I 2.8% I Below median I
I Profit from Operations as a % of Revenue (PFO%) I 35.9% I Above median I
I Total Shareholder Return (TSR) I 36.7% I Above median I
Year-on-Year Change in CEO Bonus W chan e
(2016 bonus compared with 2015) 0 g
* Relative to semiconductor competitors as outlined under “Comparator group.” Includes estimates and projections of
certain competitors’ financial results. See “Analysis of compensation determinations — Bonus — Assessment of 2016
performance” for details of the Compensation Committee’s assessment of Tl’s performance. (It is important to note that
the median growth rate of competitor companies includes the effect of acquisitions, whereas Tl’s growth rate is entirely
organic. If the effect of acquisitions were excluded from competitor companies, we estimate that Tl’s growth rate would
be at or above the median growth rate.)
0 Our executive compensation program is designed to encourage executive officers to pursue strategies that serve the
interests of the company and shareholders, and not to promote excessive risk-taking by our executives. It is built on a
foundation of sound corporate governance and includes:
0 Executive officers do not have employment contracts and are not guaranteed salary increases, bonus amounts or
awards of equity compensation. I
0 We have never repriced stock options. We do not grant reload options. We grant equity compensation with double-
trigger change-in-control terms, which accelerate the vesting of grants only if the grantee has been terminated
involuntarily within a limited time after a change in control of the company.
0 Bonus and equity compensation awards are subject to clawback as described under “Recoupment policy” below.
0 We do not provide excessive perquisites. We provide no tax gross-ups for perquisites.
0 We do not guarantee a return or provide above-market returns on compensation that has been deferred.
0 Pension benefits are calculated on salary and bonus only; the proceeds earned on equity or other performance awards
are not part of the pension calculation.
Detailed discussion
Compensation philosophy and elements
The Compensation Committee of Tl’s board of directors is responsible for setting the compensation of all Tl executive officers. The E
committee consults with the other independent directors and its compensation consultant, Pearl Meyer & Partners, before setting g
annual compensation for the executives. The committee chair regularly reports on committee actions at board meetings. E
. . . E
The primary elements of our executive compensation program are as follows: to
>.
><
Near-term compensation, paid in cash 2
a.
Base Salary
Purpose Basic, least variable form of compensation, designed to provide a stable source of income
Strategy Pay below market median in order to weight total compensation to the performance-based elements
described below
Terms Paid twice monthly
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2017 PROXY STATEMENT 19