Board of directors, executive officers I I
Directors Executive officers * * s .
Richard K. Templeton Carrie S. Cox Richard K. Templeton Rafael R. Lizardi [ ]
Chairman of the Board, Chairman of the Board and Chairman of the Board, Senior Vice President and r 7
President and Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Financial Officer
Chief Executive Officer, Humacyte, Inc. Chief Executive Officer .
Tex In tr m nt In r r t d Kevm P' mam“
as S u e 3 co Do a 9 Jean M. Hobby Brian T. Crutcher Senior Vice President
Ralph w. Babb, Jr. Retired Partner Executive Vice President and K _n J m h,
Chairman of the Board and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Chief Operating Officer evi '. I c '6.
Ch. “E t. Off. I Senior Vice Presrdent
c le 'Xeclu we lie; d Ronald K'rk Niels Andersmuv c nthia Hoff Troch
omerlca “corpora e a” Senior Of Counsel, SeniorVice President y . . . "
Comerica Bank Gibson Dunn & Crutcher LLP Senior Vice Presrdent,
M k A Br ’ Stephen A. Anderson Secretary and
ar. ' Inn Pamela H' Pamey Senior Vice President General Counsel
PreSldenl and Executive Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer, MoneyGram international, 1m Ellen L- Barker Julie M. Van Haren
Flowserve Corporation R b “E s h SeniorVice President and Senior Vice President
0 er - an“ 97- Chief Information Officer .
Todd M. Bluedorn Chairman of the Board and Darla H. Whitaker
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, R- Gregory DGlan Senior Vice President
Executive .Officel', lnc_ senlor Vlce PreSldent
Lennox Internat'onal Inc' Wayne R_ Sanders Haviv Ilan Senior Vice President
Daniel A- carp Retired Chairman of the Board senioerce PreSldenl
Retired Chairman 0f the Board and Executive Ofﬁcer,
and EXQCUtiVe Officer, Kimber|y_C|ark Corporation
Eastman Kodak Company _ _ _
Christine Todd Whitman
Janet F. Clark President,
Chief Financial Officer,
Marathon Oil Corporation * Effective March 1, 2017
TI Fellows
TI Fellows are engineers, scientists or technologists who are recognized by TI Fellows announced in 2016:
peers and TI management for outstanding performance. Fellows are elected . Erich Bayer
or re-elected every five years based on their exceptional leadership in drivmg . Jerry Doorenbos
deeper levels of innovation that make Tl stronger. . Sameer Prakash Pendharkar
0 Kevin Scoones
0 Bob Todd
Stockholder and other information
Stockholder records information SEC Form 10-K
Stockholder correspondence: Overnight correspondence: A copy of the company’s annual report to
Computershare Computershare the Securities and Exchange Commission
P. 0. Box 30170 211 Quality Circle, Suite 210 on Form 10-K is available on the Investor
College Station, TX 77842-3170 College Station, TX 77845 Relations website at WWW.ti.com/ir.
To” free: 800_981_8676 COS-IE: of thje Form t11 mclti‘dinlg a list oft d
Phone: 3123606151 ex i i san any ex i i speCI ica yreques e ,
are available Without charge by writing to:
Website: www.computershare.com/investor Texas lnStrumentS lnvesmr Balatlons
. . . . _ _ . PO. Box 660199, MS 8657
For online mqurries. https.//www-us.computershare.com/investor/contact
Dallas, TX 75266-0199
DLP and the platform bar are trademarks of Texas Instruments. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. [ i