Report of independent registered public accounting firm
The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Texas Instruments Incorporated
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Texas Instruments Incorporated and subsidiaries (the
Company) as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income,
stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.
.ﬂ
0
Q We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
_. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
9 are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
x in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position
of Texas Instruments Incorporated and subsidiaries at December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles.
As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for stock
compensation in 2016.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control-
lntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and
our report dated February 23, 2017, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
(gm ‘1' ML]?
Dallas, Texas
February 23, 2017
58 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2016 FORM 10-K