In addition, the lead director has authority to call meetings of the independent directors.
The board, led by its G&SR Committee, regularly reviews the board’s leadership structure. The board’s consideration is guided by
two questions: would stockholders be better served and would the board be more effective with a different structure. The board’s
views are informed by a review of the practices of other companies and insight into the preferences of top stockholders, as
gathered from face-to-face dialogue and review of published guidelines. The board also considers how board roles and
interactions would change if its leadership structure changed. The board’s goal is for each director to have an equal stake in
the board’s actions and equal accountability to the corporation and its stockholders.
The board continues to believe that there is no uniform solution for a board leadership structure. Indeed, the company has had
varying board leadership models over its history, at times separating the positions of chairman and CEO and at times combining
the two, and now utilizing a lead director.
Risk oversight by the board
It is management’s responsibility to assess and manage the various risks Tl faces. It is the board’s responsibility to oversee
management in this effort. In exercising its oversight, the board has allocated some areas of focus to its committees and has
retained areas of focus for itself, as more fully described below.
Management generally views the risks Tl faces as falling into the following categories: strategic, operational, financial and
compliance. The board as a whole has oversight responsibility for the company’s strategic and operational risks (e.g., major
initiatives, competitive markets and products, sales and marketing, and R&D). Throughout the year the CEO discusses these risks
with the board during strategy reviews that focus on a particular business or function. In addition, at the end of the year, the CEO
provides a formal report on the top strategic and operational risks.
Tl’s Audit Committee has oversight responsibility for financial risk (such as accounting, finance, internal controls and tax strategy).
Oversight responsibility for compliance risk is shared by the board committees. For example, the Audit Committee oversees
compliance with the company’s code of conduct and finance- and accounting-related laws and policies, as well as the company’s
compliance program itself; the Compensation Committee oversees compliance with the company’s executive compensation plans
and related laws and policies; and the G&SR Committee oversees compliance with governance-related laws and policies, including
the company’s corporate governance guidelines.
The Audit Committee oversees the company’s approach to risk management as a whole. It reviews the company’s risk
management process at least annually by means of a presentation by the CFO.
The board’s leadership structure is consistent with the board and committees’ roles in risk oversight. As discussed above, the
board has found that its current structure and practices are effective in fully engaging the independent directors. Allocating various
aspects of risk oversight among the committees provides for similar engagement. Having the chairman and CEO review strategic
and operational risks with the board ensures that the director most knowledgeable about the company, the industry in which it
operates and the competition and other challenges it faces shares those insights with the board, providing for a thorough and
efficient process.
'0
:1
g
-< Director compensation
m
_|
5 The G&SR Committee has responsibility for reviewing and making recommendations to the board on compensation for
E non-employee directors, with the board making the final determination. The committee has no authority to delegate its
m responsibility regarding director compensation. ln carrying out this responsibility, it is supported by Tl’s Human Resources
3 organization. The CEO, the senior vice president responsible for Human Resources and the Secretary review the recommendations
made to the committee. The CEO also votes, as a member of the board, on the compensation of non-employee directors.
The compensation arrangements in 2016 for the non-employee directors were:
0 Annual retainer of $85,000 for board and committee service.
0 Additional annual retainer of $25,000 for service as the lead director.
0 Additional annual retainer of $30,000 for service as chair of the Audit Committee; $20,000 for service as chair of the
Compensation Committee; and $15,000 for service as chair of the G&SR Committee.
14 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2017 PROXY STATEMENT