Proposals are to be sent to: Texas Instruments Incorporated, 12500 TI Boulevard, MS 8658, Dallas, TX 75243, Attn: Secretary.
We reserve the right to reject, rule out of order, or take any other appropriate action with respect to any proposal or nomination
that does not comply with these and other applicable requirements.
In addition, all suggestions from stockholders concerning the company’s business are welcome and will be carefully considered by
Tl’s management. To ensure that your suggestions receive appropriate review, the G&SR Committee reviews correspondence from
stockholders and management’s responses. Stockholders are thereby given access at the board level without having to resort to
formal stockholder proposals. Generally, the board prefers you present your views in this manner rather than through the process
of formal stockholder proposals. Please see “Communications with the board” for information on contacting the board.
Benefit plan voting
If you are a participant in the TI Contribution and 401 (k) Savings Plan, or the TI 401(k) Savings Plan, you are a “named fiduciary”
under the plans and are entitled to direct the voting of shares allocable to your accounts under these plans. The trustee
administering your plan will vote your shares in accordance with your instructions. If you wish to instruct the trustee on the voting
of shares held for your accounts, you should do so by April 17, 2017, in the manner described in the notice of annual meeting.
Additionally, participants under the plans are designated as “named fiduciaries” for the purpose of voting TI stock held under the
plans for which no voting direction is received. Tl shares held by the TI 401(k) savings plans for which no voting instructions are
received by April 17, 2017, will be voted in the same proportions as the shares in the plans for which voting instructions have been
received by that date unless otherwise required bylaw.
Section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance
Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act requires certain persons, including the company’s directors and executive officers, to
file reports with the SEC regarding beneficial ownership of certain equity securities of the company. The company believes that all
reports during 2016 were timely filed by its directors and executive officers.
Telephone and internet voting
Registered stockholders and benefit plan participants. Stockholders with shares registered directly with Computershare (T I’s
transfer agent) and participants who beneficially own shares in a TI benefit plan may vote telephonically by calling (800) 690-6903
(within the US. and Canada only, toll-free) or via the internet at www.proxyvote.com.
The telephone and internet voting procedures are designed to authenticate stockholders’ identities, to allow stockholders to give
their voting instructions and to confirm that stockholders’ instructions have been recorded properly. TI has been advised by counsel
that the telephone and internet voting procedures, which have been made available through Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.,
are consistent with the requirements of applicable law.
Stockholders with shares registered in the name of a brokerage firm or bank. A number of brokerage firms and banks offer
telephone and internet voting options. These programs may differ from the program provided to registered stockholders and '2?
benefit plan participants. Check the information forwarded by your bank, broker or other holder of record to see which options are E
available to you. E
<
Stockholders voting via the internet should understand that there may be costs associated with electronic access, such as usage '5
charges from telephone companies and internet access providers, that must be borne by the stockholder. ;
o
Stockholders sharing the same address E
To reduce the expenses of delivering duplicate materials, we take advantage of the SEC’s “householding” rules that permit us to
deliver only one set of proxy materials (or one Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials) to stockholders who share an
address unless otherwise requested. If you share an address with another stockholder and have received only one set of these
materials, you may request a separate copy at no cost to you by calling Investor Relations at 214-479-3773 or by writing to Texas
Instruments Incorporated, PO. Box 660199, MS 8657, Dallas, TX 75266-0199, Attn: Investor Relations. For future annual
meetings, you may request separate materials, or request that we send only one set of materials to you if you are receiving
multiple copies, by calling (866) 540-7095 or writing to Investor Relations at the address given above.
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2017 PROXY STATEMENT 49