° Interests of a related person arising only from:
O the direct or indirect ownership in another party to the transaction and that ownership, when combined with the
ownership of all the other individuals specified in 3(a)-(c) above, is less than 5 percent of the outstanding equity of such
party;
0 an interest as a limited partner in a partnership, and that ownership interest, when combined with all the other
ownership interests of the other individuals specified in 3(a)-(c) above, is less than 5 percent of the total ownership
interest of the limited partnership;
0 their position as a director of another corporation or organization;
0 the ownership of TI stock and all holders of that class of stock receive the same benefit on a pro-rata basis;
0 Transactions in the ordinary course of business where the only relationship of a TI director or executive officer, or their
Immediate Family Member is as an employee (other than an executive officer) and/or less than a 10 percent beneficial
owner of the other entity if (i) the TI director or executive officer is not involved in negotiating the terms of the transaction
and (ii) amounts involved for the fiscal year do not exceed the greater of $200,000 or 2 percent of the entity’s consolidated
gross revenues for that year;
0 Charitable contributions, grants or endowments by TI or the TI Foundation to an entity where the only relationship of the TI
director or executive officer, or their Immediate Family Member is as a trustee or employee (other than as an executive
officer) if the aggregate payments for the fiscal year do not exceed the greater of $200,000 or 2 percent of the recipient’s
consolidated gross revenues for that year. “Payments” exclude payments arising solely from investments in Tl stock,
payments under the TI Director Award Program and payments under non-discretionary charitable contribution matching
programs; and
o Transactions involving the employment of an Immediate Family Member of a TI director or executive officer if such director
or executive officer does not participate in the decisions regarding the hiring, performance evaluation or compensation of
the Immediate Family Member and such hiring, performance evaluation or compensation is determined on a basis
consistent with TI’s human resources policies.
During 2016, the son of R. Gregory Delagi (Senior Vice President) was employed in our facilities organization. Mr. Delagi was not
involved in any decisions regarding his son’s employment at TI, and the compensation of his son was consistent with that of
similarly situated employees.
Compensation committee interlocks and insider participation
During 2016, Messrs. Carp and Sanchez and Mses. Patsley and Whitman served on the Compensation Committee. No committee
member (i) was an officer or employee of TI, (ii) was formerly an officer of TI or (iii) had any relationship requiring disclosure under
the SEC’s rules governing disclosure of related person transactions (Item 404 of Regulation S-K). No executive officer of TI served
as a director or member of the compensation committee of another entity, one of whose directors or executive officers served as a
member of our board of directors or a member of the Compensation Committee.
Cost of solicitation
The solicitation is made on behalf of our board of directors. TI will pay the cost of soliciting these proxies. We will reimburse
v brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for reasonable expenses they incur in sending these proxy
3 materials to you if you are a beneficial holder of our shares.
><
c": Without receiving additional compensation, officials and regular employees of TI may solicit proxies personally, by telephone, fax or
; e-mail, from some stockholders if proxies are not promptly received. We have also hired Georgeson Inc. to assist in the solicitation
: of proxies at a cost of $12,000 plus out-of-pocket expenses.
3
% Stockholder proposals and nominations for 2018
The table below shows the deadlines for stockholders to submit proposals or director nominations for next year’s annual meeting.
Other Proposals/Nominees to be
Director Nominees for Inclusion Presented at 2018 Annual Meeting
Proposals for Inclusion in in 2018 Proxy Materials (and Not for Inclusion in our
2018 Proxy Materials (Proxy Access) Proxy Materials)
When proposal must be On or before No earlier than October 7, No earlier than December 21,
received by Texas Instruments November 6, 2017 2017, and no later than 2017, and no later than
November 6, 2017 January 20, 2018
48 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2017 PROXY STATEMENT