We review inventory quarterly for salability and obsolescence. A statistical allowance is provided for inventory considered unlikely
to be sold. The statistical allowance is based on an analysis of historical disposal activity, historical customer shipments, as well as
estimated future sales. A specific allowance for each material type will be carried if there is a significant event not captured by the
statistical allowance. We write off inventory in the period in which disposal occurs.
Property, plant and equipment; acquisition-related intangibles; and other capitalized costs
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method.
Our cost basis includes certain assets acquired in business combinations that were initially recorded at fair value as of the date of
acquisition. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the remaining lease term
or the estimated useful lives of the improvements. We amortize acquisition-related intangibles on a straight-line basis over the
estimated economic life of the assets. Capitalized software licenses generally are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term ’5
of the license. Fully depreciated or amortized assets are written off against accumulated depreciation or amortization. 3
E
Impairments of long-lived assets 2‘,
We regularly review whether facts or circumstances exist that indicate the carrying values of property, plant and equipment “'
or other long-lived assets, including intangible assets, are impaired. We assess the recoverability of assets by comparing the
projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with those assets to their respective carrying amounts. Any impairment charge
is based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of those assets. Fair value is determined by available market
valuations, if applicable, or by discounted cash flows.
Goodwill and indeﬁnite-lived intangibles
Goodwill is not amortized but is reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently if certain impairment indicators arise. We
perform our annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1 for our reporting units, which compares the fair value for each
reporting unit to its associated carrying value, including goodwill. See Note 9 for additional information.
Foreign currency
The functional currency for our non-U.S. subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. Accounts recorded in currencies other than the U.S. dollar
are remeasured into the functional currency. Current assets (except inventories), deferred income taxes, other assets, current
liabilities and long-term liabilities are remeasured at exchange rates in effect at the end of each reporting period. Property, plant .
and equipment with associated depreciation and inventories are valued at historical exchange rates. Revenue and expense
accounts other than depreciation for each month are remeasured at the appropriate daily rate of exchange. Currency exchange
gains and losses from remeasurement are credited or charged to 0|&E. See Note 13 for additional information.
Derivatives and hedgljg
We use derivative financial instruments to manage exposure to foreign exchange risk. These instruments are primarily fonNard
foreign currency exchange contracts, which are used as economic hedges to reduce the earnings impact that exchange rate
fluctuations may have on our non-U.S. dollar net balance sheet exposures. Gains and losses from changes in the fair value of these
fonNard foreign currency exchange contracts are credited or charged to 0|&E. We do not apply hedge accounting to our foreign
currency derivative instruments.
In connection with the issuance of long-term debt, we use financial derivatives such as treasury-rate lock agreements that are
recognized in AOCl and amortized over the life of the related debt. The results of these derivative transactions have not been
material.
We do not use derivatives for speculative or trading purposes.
Changes in accounting standards
Adopted standards for current period
In May 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-07, Fair
Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its
Equivalent). This standard removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy certain investments for which
fair value is not readily available but measured using the net asset value per share. This standard was effective beginning
January 1, 2016, and prior period amounts have been retrospectively adjusted for consistency in presentation. Our adoption of
this standard only affects our presentation of fair values of postretirement plan assets in Note 10 and does not impact our financial
position and results of operations.
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2016 FORM 10-K 35