12. Commitments and contingencies
Purchase commitments
Some of our purchase commitments, including software licenses, require minimum payments.
Operating leases
We conduct certain operations in leased facilities and also lease a portion of our data processing and other equipment. In addition,
certain long-term supply agreements to purchase industrial gases are accounted for as operating leases. Lease agreements
frequently include purchase and renewal provisions and require us to pay taxes, insurance and maintenance costs. Rental and
lease expense incurred was $86 million, $98 million and $113 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. ’3
As of December 31, 2016, we had committed to make the following minimum payments under our purchase commitments and E
non-cancellable operating leases: 5
ll.
Purchase Operating
Commitments Leases
5 57
Indemniﬁcation guarantees
We routinely sell products with an intellectual property indemnification included in the terms of sale. Historically, we have had only
minimal, infrequent losses associated with these indemnities. Consequently, we cannot reasonably estimate any future liabilities
that may result.
Warranty costs/product liabilities
We accrue for known product-related claims if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. During the periods presented,
there have been no material accruals or payments regarding product warranty or product liability. Historically, we have
experienced a low rate of payments on product claims. Although we cannot predict the likelihood or amount of any future claims,
we do not believe they will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Our stated
warranties for semiconductor products obligate us to repair, replace or credit the purchase price of a covered product back to the
buyer. Product claim consideration may exceed the price of our products.
General
We are subject to various legal and administrative proceedings. Although it is not possible to predict the outcome of these
matters, we believe that the results of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results
of operations or liquidity.
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2016 FORM 10-K 55