ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure.
Not applicable.
ITElVl 9A. Controls and Procedures.
Disclosure controls and procedures
a:
An evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report was carried out under the supervision and with the participation 6
of Tl’s management, including its chief executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and ;
operation of Tl’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange 1:
Act of 1934). Based upon that evaluation, the chief executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that those disclosure 8
controls and procedures were effective.
Internal control over financial reporting
Report by management on internal control over financial reporting
The management of TI is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. Tl’s internal
control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
and fair presentation of financial statements issued for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2016 that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. ‘
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Tl management assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016. In making this
assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013
framework) (the COSO criteria) in Internal Control — Integrated Framework. Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of
December 31, 2016, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on the C030 criteria.
We independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting, which immediately follows this report.
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2016 FORM 10-K 59