Termination
The following programs may result in payments to a named executive officer whose employment terminates. Most of these
programs have been discussed above.
Bonus
Our policies concerning bonus and the timing of payments are described under “Compensation philosophy and elements.” Whether
a bonus would be awarded under other circumstances and in what amount would depend on the facts and circumstances of
termination and is subject to the Compensation Committee’s discretion. If awarded, bonuses are paid by the company.
Qualified and non-qualiﬁed deﬁned beneﬁt pension plans
The purposes of these plans are described under “Benefits — Retirement plans.” The formula for determining benefits, the forms of
benefit and the timing of payments are described under “2016 pension benefits.” The amounts disbursed under the qualified and
non-qualified plans are paid, respectively, by the TI Employees Pension Trust and the company.
Survivor beneﬁt plan
The purpose of this plan, along with the formula for determining the amount of benefit, the form of benefit and the timing of
payments, are described under “201 6 pension benefits — Tl Employees Survivor Benefit Plan.” Amounts distributed are paid by the
TI Employees Health Benefit Trust.
Deferred compensation plan
The purpose of this plan is described under “Benefits — Deferred Compensation.” The amounts payable under this program depend
solely on the performance of investments that the participant has chosen for his plan balance. The timing of payments is discussed
under “2016 non-qualified deferred compensation” and except in the case of death, payments are made according to the
participant’s distribution election. Amounts distributed are paid by the company.
Equity compensation
Depending on the circumstances of termination, grantees whose employment terminates may retain the right to exercise
previously granted stock options and receive shares under outstanding RSU awards as described in the discussion following the
Outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end 2016 table. RSU awards include a right to receive dividend equivalents. The dividend
equivalents are paid annually by the company in a single cash payment after the last dividend payment of the year.
Perquisites
Financial counseling is provided to executive officers for a transition period following retirement. Otherwise, no perquisites
continue after termination of employment.
In the case of a resignation pursuant to a separation arrangement, an executive officer (like other employees above a certain job
grade level) will typically be offered a 12-month paid leave of absence before termination, in exchange for a non-compete and
non-solicitation commitment and a release of claims against the company. The leave period will be credited to years of service
1, under the pension plans described above. During the leave, the executive officer’s stock options will continue to become
3 exercisable and his RSUs will continue to vest. Amounts paid to an individual during a paid leave of absence are not counted when
§ calculating benefits under the qualified and non-qualified pension plans.
to
g In the case of a separation arrangement in which the executive officer will be at least 50 years old and have at least 15 years
a of employment with the company on his or her last day of active employment before beginning the paid leave of absence, the
3 separation arrangement will typically include an unpaid leave of absence, to commence at the end of the paid leave and end when
2 the executive officer has reached the earlier of age 55 with at least 20 years of employment or age 60 with at least five years of
" service (bridge to retirement). The bridge to retirement will be credited to years of service under the qualified and non-qualified
pension plans described above. Stock options will continue to become exercisable and RSUs will remain in effect.
Change in control
Our only program, plan or arrangement providing benefits triggered by a change in control is the TI Employees Non-Qualified
Pension Plan. A change in control at December 31, 2016, would have accelerated payment of the balance under that plan. Please
see “201 6 pension benefits — Tl employees non-qualified pension plans” for a discussion of the purpose of change in control
provisions of that plan as well as the circumstances and the timing of payment.
40 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2017 PROXY STATEMENT