HPA
HPA included products that we market to many different customers who use them in manufacturing a wide range of end products.
HPA products included high-speed data converters, amplifiers, sensors, high-reliability products, interface products and precision
products that are typically used in systems that require high performance. HPA products generally have long life cycles, often more
than 10 years.
SVA
SVA included a broad portfolio of industrial, high-voltage power management, data converter, interface and operational amplifier
products used in manufacturing a wide range of electronic systems. SVA products support applications like video and data
interface products, high voltage power conversion, and mobile lighting and display systems. SVA products generally have long life ’5
cycles, often more than 10 years. SVA consisted primarily of products that we acquired through our purchase of National 3
Semiconductor Corporation in 2011. E
0
Embedded Processing “'
Embedded Processing generated $3.02 billion of revenue in 2016. Embedded Processing products are the “brains” of many
types of electronic equipment. Embedded processors are designed to handle specific tasks and can be optimized for various
combinations of performance, power and cost, depending on the application. Our devices vary from simple, low-cost
microcontrollers used in electric toothbrushes to highly specialized, complex devices used in automotive applications such as
infotainment systems and advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS). Our Embedded Processing products are used in many
markets, particularly industrial, automotive and communications equipment.
An important characteristic of our Embedded Processing products is that our customers often invest their own research and
development (R&D) to write software that operates on our products. This investment tends to increase the length of our customer
relationships because many customers prefer to re-use software from one product generation to the next.
Sales of Embedded Processing products generated about 23 percent of our revenue in 2016. According to external sources,
the market for embedded processors was about $18 billion in 2016. Our Embedded Processing segment’s revenue in 2016 was .
about 17 percent of this fragmented market, among the leaders. We believe we are well positioned to increase our market share
over time.
In 2016, our Embedded Processing segment included the following major product lines: Processors, Microcontrollers and
Connectivity.
Processors
Processors included digital signal processors (DSPs) and applications processors. DSPs perform mathematical computations
almost instantaneously to process or improve digital data. Applications processors are designed for specific computing activity.
Microcontrollers
Microcontrollers included self-contained systems with a processor core, memory and peripherals that are designed to control a
set of specific tasks for electronic equipment. Microcontrollers tend to have minimal requirements for memory and program length,
with no operating system and low software complexity. Analog components that control or interface with sensors and other
systems are often integrated into microcontrollers.
Connectivity
Connectivity included products that enable electronic equipment to connect and transfer data wirelessly, with the requirements for
speed, data capability, distance, power and security varying depending on the application. Our Connectivity products support many
wireless technologies to meet these requirements, including low-power wireless network standards like Sub-1GHz, Zigbee® and
other technologies like Bluetooth® and WiFi.
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - 2016 FORM 10-K 3