Table of Contents
Services and Solutions
Our operating groups bring together expertise from Accenture Strategy, Accenture Consulting, Accenture Digital,
Accenture Technology and Accenture Operations to develop and deliver integrated services and solutions for our
clients.
Accenture Strategy
Accenture Strategy helps clients achieve speciﬁc business outcomes and enhance shareholder value by defining
and executing industry-speciﬁc strategies enabled by technology. We bring together our strategy capabilities in business
and technology to help senior management teams shape and execute their transformation objectives, focusing on
issues related to digital disruption, competitive agility, global operating models and the future workforce. We provide
a range of strategy services focused on areas such as digital technologies; enterprise architecture and applications;
CFO and enterprise value; IT; security; mergers and acquisitions; operations; advanced customer services;
sustainability; and talent and organization.
Accenture Consulting
Accenture Consulting provides industry experts with the insights and management and technology consulting
capabilities to transform the world’s leading companies. Accenture Consulting has primary responsibility for
orchestrating expertise from across our entire organization to enable our clients to transform their businesses.
Our consulting capabilities enable our clients to design and implement transformational change programs, either
for one or more functions or business units, or across their entire organization. We provide industry-speciﬁc consulting
services across 13 industry groups, as well as functional and technology consulting services. Our functional and
technology consulting services include finance and enterprise performance; supply chain and operations; talent and
organization; customers and channels; applications and architecture advisory; and technology advisory. We help our
clients with the digital transformation of industries, enhancing our consulting services with digital, cloud, cybersecurity,
artificial intelligence and blockchain capabilities.
Accenture Digital
Accenture Digital combines our capabilities in digital marketing, mobility and analytics to help clients provide
better experiences for the customers they serve, create new products and business models, and enhance their digital
enterprise capabilities and connections. We provide digital services across three broad areas:
- Accenture Interactive. Our end-to-end marketing solutions help clients deliver seamless multi-channel
customer experiences and enhance their marketing performance. Our services span customer experience
design, digital marketing, personalization and commerce, as well as digital content production and operations.
- Accenture Mobility. We provide clients with practical innovations in connectivity and the Internet of Things
to transform business processes and enable new operating models. Our end-to-end mobility capabilities
include collecting and exchanging valuable data through connected devices, mobile applications, embedded
software and sensor technology.
- Accenture Analytics. We deliver insight-driven outcomes at scale to help clients improve performance. Our
capabilities range from implementing analytics technologies such as big data to advanced mathematical
modeling and sophisticated statistical analysis. Our services enhance business performance and productivity
outcomes through advanced analytics, artificial intelligence and collaboration capabilities.
Accenture Technology
Accenture Technology comprises two primary areas: technology services and technology innovation &
ecosystem.
- Technology Services. Technology Services includes our application services spanning systems integration
and application outsourcing and covering the full application Iifecycle, from custom systems to all emerging
technologies, across every leading technology platform (both traditional and cIoud/software-as-a-service-
based). It also includes our global delivery capability in Technology and portfolio of products and platforms.
We continuously innovate new services and capabilities through early adoption of technologies such as artificial
intelligence to enhance productivity and create new growth opportunities.
- Technology Innovation & Ecosystem. We harness innovation through the research and development
activities in the Accenture Labs and through emerging technologies. We also manage ourtechnology platforms
and our alliance relationships across a broad range of technology providers, including SAP, Oracle, Microsoft,
4