Table of Contents
incremental external costs directly related to transition or set-up activities necessary to enable the outsourced services.
Generally, deferred amounts are protected in the event of early termination of the contract and are monitored regularly
for impairment. Impairment losses are recorded when projected remaining undiscounted operating cash ﬂows of the
related contract are not sufficient to recover the carrying amount of contract assets. Amounts billable to the client for
transition or set-up activities are deferred and recognized as revenue evenly over the period outsourcing services are
provided. Contract acquisition and origination costs are expensed as incurred.
We enter into contracts that may consist of multiple deliverables. These contracts may include any combination
of technology integration consulting services, non-technology integration consulting services or outsourcing services
described above. Revenues for contracts with multiple deliverables are allocated based on the lesser of the element’s
relative selling price or the amount that is not contingent on future delivery of another deliverable. The selling price of
each deliverable is determined by obtaining third party evidence of the selling price for the deliverable and is based
on the price charged when largely similar services are sold on a standalone basis by the Company to similarly situated
customers. If the amount of non-contingent revenues allocated to a deliverable accounted for under the percentage-
of-completion method of accounting is less than the costs to deliver such services, then such costs are deferred and
recognized in future periods when the revenues become non-contingent. Revenues are recognized in accordance
with our accounting policies for the separate deliverables when the services have value on a stand-alone basis, selling
price of the separate deliverables exists and, in arrangements that include a general right of refund relative to the
completed deliverable, performance of the in-process deliverable is considered probable and substantially in our
control. While determining fair value and identifying separate deliverables require judgment, generally fair value and
the separate deliverables are readily identiﬁable as we also sell those deliverables unaccompanied by other
deliverables.
Revenues recognized in excess of billings are recorded as Unbilled services. Billings in excess of revenues
recognized are recorded as Deferred revenues until revenue recognition criteria are met. Client prepayments (even if
nonrefundable) are deferred and recognized over future periods as services are delivered or performed.
Our consulting revenues are affected by the number of work days in a fiscal quarter, which in turn is affected by
the level of vacation days and holidays. Consequently, since our first and third quarters typically have approximately
5-10% more work days than our second and fourth quarters, our consulting revenues are typically higher in our ﬁrst
and third quarters than in our second and fourth quarters.
Net revenues include the margin earned on computer hardware, software and related services resale contracts,
as well as revenues from alliance agreements, neither of which is material to us. Reimbursements include billings for
travel and other out-of—pocket expenses and third-party costs, such as the cost of hardware, software and related
services resales. In addition, Reimbursements include allocations from gross billings to record an amount equivalent
to reimbursable costs, where billings do not specifically identify reimbursable expenses. We report revenues net of
any revenue-based taxes assessed by governmental authorities that are imposed on and concurrent with speciﬁc
revenue-producing transactions.
Income Taxes
Determining the consolidated provision for income tax expense, income tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
and liabilities involves judgment. Deferred tax assets and liabilities, measured using enacted tax rates, are recognized
for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax and ﬁnancial statement bases of assets and
liabilities. As a global company, we calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the tax jurisdictions in which we
operate. This involves estimating current tax exposures in each jurisdiction as well as making judgments regarding
the recoverability of deferred tax assets. Tax exposures can involve complex issues and may require an extended
period to resolve. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not
that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized and adjust the valuation allowances accordingly.
Factors considered in making this determination include the period of expiration of the tax asset, planned use of the
tax asset, tax planning strategies and historical and projected taxable income as well as tax liabilities for the tax
jurisdiction in which the tax asset is located. Valuation allowances will be subject to change in each future reporting
period as a result of changes in one or more of these factors. Changes in the geographic mix or estimated level of
annual income before taxes can affect the overall effective tax rate.
We apply an estimated annual effective tax rate to our quarterly operating results to determine the interim provision
for income tax expense. In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) guidance on uncertainty
in income taxes, a change injudgment that impacts the measurement of a tax position taken in a prior year is recognized
as a discrete item in the interim period in which the change occurs. In the event there is a signiﬁcant unusual or
infrequent item recognized in our quarterly operating results, the tax attributable to that item is recorded in the interim
period in which it occurs.
32