Table of Contents
ACCENTURE PLC
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)
1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Description of Business
Accenture plc is one of the world’s leading organizations providing consulting, technology and outsourcing services
and operates globally with one common brand and business model designed to enable it to provide clients around the
world with the same high level of service. Drawing on a combination of industry and functional expertise, technology
capabilities and alliances, and global delivery resources, Accenture plc seeks to provide differentiated services that
help clients measurably improve their business performance and create sustainable value for their customers and
stakeholders. Accenture plc’s global delivery model enables it to provide an end-to-end delivery capability by drawing
on its global resources to deliver high-quality, cost-effective solutions to clients.
Basis of Presentation
The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts ofAccenture plc, an Irish company, and its controlled
subsidiary companies (collectively, the “Company”). Accenture plc’s only business is to hold ordinary and deferred
shares in, and to act as the controlling shareholder of, its subsidiary, Accenture Holdings plc, an Irish public limited
company. The Company operates its business through Accenture Holdings plc and subsidiaries ofAccenture Holdings
plc. Accenture plc controls Accenture Holdings plc’s management and operations and consolidates Accenture Holdings
plc’s results in its Consolidated Financial Statements.
On April 10, 2015, Accenture Holdings pic was incorporated in Ireland, as a public limited company, in order to
further consolidate Accenture’s presence in Ireland. On August 26, 2015, Accenture SCA merged with and into
Accenture Holdings pic, with Accenture Holdings plc as the surviving entity. This merger was a transaction between
entities under common control and had no effect on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
All references to Accenture Holdings plc included in this report with respect to periods prior to August 26, 2015
reflect the activity and/or balances of Accenture SCA (the predecessor of Accenture Holdings pic). The shares of
Accenture Holdings plc and Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. held by persons other than the Company are treated as
a noncontrolling interest in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The noncontrolling interest percentages were 4%
and 5% as of August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
All references to years, unless othenNise noted, refer to the Company’s ﬁscal year, which ends on August 31.
For example, a reference to “ﬁscal 2016” means the 12-month period that ended on August 31, 2016. All references
to quarters, unless otherwise noted, refer to the quarters of the Company’s ﬁscal year.
The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the Consolidated
Financial Statements and accompanying disclosures. Although these estimates are based on management’s best
knowledge of current events and actions that the Company may undertake in the future, actual results may be different
from those estimates.
Revenue Recognition
Revenues from contracts for technology integration consulting services where the Company designs/redesigns,
builds and implements new or enhanced systems applications and related processes for its clients are recognized on
the percentage-of—completion method, which involves calculating the percentage of services provided during the
reporting period compared to the total estimated services to be provided over the duration of the contract. Contracts
for technology integration consulting services generally span six months to two years. Estimated revenues used in
applying the percentage-of—completion method include estimated incentives for which achievement of deﬁned goals
is deemed probable. This method is followed where reasonably dependable estimates of revenues and costs can be
made. Estimates of total contract revenues and costs are continuously monitored during the term of the contract, and
recorded revenues and estimated costs are subject to revision as the contract progresses. Such revisions may result
in increases or decreases to revenues and income and are reﬂected in the Consolidated Financial Statements in the
periods in which they are ﬁrst identiﬁed. If the Company’s estimates indicate that a contract loss will occur, a loss
provision is recorded in the period in which the loss first becomes probable and reasonably estimable. Contract losses
are determined to be the amount by which the estimated total direct and indirect costs of the contract exceed the
estimated total revenues that will be generated by the contract and are included in Cost of services and classified in
Other accrued liabilities.
F- 10