Table of Contents
to our reputation could also reduce the value and effectiveness of the Accenture brand name and could reduce investor
conﬁdence in us, materially adversely affecting our share price.
If we are unable to manage the organizational challenges associated with our size, we might be unable to
achieve our business objectives.
As of August 31, 2016, we had approximately 384,000 employees worldwide. Our size and scale present
significant management and organizational challenges. It might become increasingly difﬁcult to maintain effective
standards across a large enterprise and effectively institutionalize our knowledge. It might also become more difﬁcult
to maintain our culture, effectively manage and monitor our personnel and operations and effectively communicate
our core values, policies and procedures, strategies and goals, particularly given our world-wide operations. The size
and scope of our operations increase the possibility that we will have employees who engage in unlawful or fraudulent
activity, or othenNise expose us to unacceptable business risks, despite our efforts to train them and maintain internal
controls to prevent such instances. For example, employee misconduct could involve the improper use of our clients’
sensitive or conﬁdential information or the failure to comply with legislation or regulations regarding the protection of
sensitive or conﬁdential information. Furthermore, the inappropriate use of social networking sites by our employees
could result in breaches of conﬁdentiality, unauthorized disclosure of non-public company information or damage to
our reputation. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our enterprise
and instill our culture and core values into all of our employees, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our
business objectives could be impaired. In addition, from time to time, we have made, and may continue to make,
changes to our operating model, including how we are organized, as the needs and size of our business change, and
if we do not successfully implement the changes, our business and results of operation may be negatively impacted.
We make estimates and assumptions in connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial
statements, and any changes to those estimates and assumptions could adversely affect our financial results.
Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
The application of generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions about
certain items and future events that affect our reported financial condition, and our accompanying disclosure with
respect to, among otherthings, revenue recognition and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience,
contractual commitments and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
and at the time they are made. These estimates and assumptions involve the use of judgment and are subject to
significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. If our estimates, or the assumptions underlying such
estimates, are not correct, actual results may differ materially from our estimates, and we may need to, among other
things, adjust revenues or accrue additional charges that could adversely affect our results of operations.
Man y of our contracts include payments thatlinksome of our fees to the attainment of performance orbusiness
targets and/or require us to meet specific service levels. This could increase the variability of our revenues
and impact our margins.
Many of our contracts include clauses that tie our compensation to the achievement of agreed-upon performance
standards or milestones. If we fail to satisfy these measures, it could signiﬁcantly reduce or eliminate our fees under
the contracts, increase the cost to us of meeting performance standards or milestones, delay expected payments or
subject us to potential damage claims under the contract terms. Clients also often have the right to terminate a contract
and pursue damage claims under the contract for serious or repeated failure to meet these service commitments. We
also have a number of contracts in which a portion of our compensation depends on performance measures such as
cost-savings, revenue enhancement, beneﬁts produced, business goals attained and adherence to schedule. These
goals can be complex and may depend on our clients’ actual levels of business activity or may be based on assumptions
that are later determined not to be achievable or accurate. These provisions could increase the variability in revenues
and margins earned on those contracts.
Our results of operations and share price could be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain effective
internal controls.
The accuracy of our ﬁnancial reporting is dependent on the effectiveness of our internal controls. We are required
to provide a report from management to our shareholders on our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting that includes
an assessment of the effectiveness of these controls. Internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations,
including human error, the possibility that controls could be circumvented or become inadequate because of changed
conditions, and fraud. Because of these inherent limitations, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting might not prevent
or detect all misstatements or fraud. If we cannot maintain and execute adequate internal control overﬁnancial reporting
or implement required new or improved controls that provide reasonable assurance of the reliability of the ﬁnancial
reporting and preparation of our financial statements for external use, we could suffer harm to our reputation, incur
20