Table of Contents
ACCENTURE PLC
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)
to the completion of certain post-closing matters may be recorded in subsequent periods. Approximately 1,000
employees moved to Duck Creek as a part of this transaction.
Fiscal 2015 Acquisitions
On March 25, 2015, the Company acquired Agilex Technologies, Inc., a provider of digital solutions for the U.S.
federal government, for $264,444, net of cash acquired. This acquisition enhanced Accenture’s digital capabilities in
analytics, cloud and mobility for federal agencies and resulted in approximately 730 employees joining the Company.
In connection with this acquisition, the Company recorded goodwill of $206,123, which was allocated to the Health &
Public Service operating segment, and intangible assets of $50,800, primarily consisting of customer-related
intangibles. The goodwill is non-deductible for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The intangible assets are being
amortized over one to eight years. The pro forma effects of this acquisition on the Company’s operations were not
material.
During ﬁscal 2015, the Company also completed other individually immaterial acquisitions for total consideration
of $510,236, net of cash acquired. These acquisitions were completed primarily to expand the Company’s services
and solutions offerings. In connection with these acquisitions, the Company recorded goodwill of $427,435, which was
allocated among the reportable operating segments, and intangible assets of $120,970, primarily consisting of
customer-related and technology intangibles. The goodwill is partially deductible for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
The intangible assets are being amortized over one to eleven years. The pro forma effects of these acquisitions on
the Company’s operations were not material.
Fiscal 2014 Acquisitions
On December 4, 2013, the Company acquired Procurian Inc. (“Procurian”), a provider of procurement business
process solutions, for $386,407, net of cash acquired. This acquisition enhanced Accenture’s capabilities in procurement
business process outsourcing across a range of industries and resulted in approximately 780 employees joining
Accenture. In connection with this acquisition, the Company recorded goodwill of $305,627, which was allocated to all
ﬁve reportable operating segments, and intangible assets of $60,514, primarily consisting of customer-related and
technology intangibles. The goodwill is substantially non-deductible for U .8. federal income tax purposes. The intangible
assets are being amortized over one to twelve years. The pro forma effects of this acquisition on the Company’s
operations were not material.
During ﬁscal 2014, the Company also completed other individually immaterial acquisitions for total consideration
of $320,225, net of cash acquired. These acquisitions were completed primarily to expand the Company’s services
and solutions offerings. In connection with these acquisitions, the Company recorded goodwill of $256,704, which was
allocated among the reportable operating segments, and intangible assets of $80,305, primarily consisting of customer-
related and technology intangibles. The goodwill is partially deductible for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The
intangible assets are being amortized over one to twelve years. The pro forma effects of these acquisitions on the
Company’s operations were not material.
F- 18