Table of Contents
ACCENTURE PLC
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (continued)
(In thousands of US. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)
Equity of Subsidiaries Redeemable or Exchangeable for Accenture plc Class A Ordinary Shares
Accenture Holdings plc Ordinary Shares
Members of Accenture Leadership in certain countries, including the United States, received Accenture SCA
Class | common shares in connection with the Company’s transition to a corporate structure. On August 26, 2015,
Accenture SCA merged with and into Accenture Holdings pic, with Accenture Holdings plc as the surviving entity. In
connection with this transaction, holders of Accenture SCA Class | common shares (other than Accenture SCA itself)
received, on a one-for-one basis, ordinary shares of Accenture Holdings plc. Only Accenture plc, Accenture Holdings
plc, Accenture International S.a.r.l. and certain current and former members ofAccenture Leadership and their permitted
transferees hold Accenture Holdings plc ordinary shares. Each Accenture Holdings plc share entitles its holder to one
vote on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of Accenture Holdings plc and entitles its holders to dividends
and liquidation payments.
Accenture Holdings plc is obligated, at the option of the holder, to redeem any outstanding Accenture Holdings
plc ordinary share at a redemption price per share generally equal to its current market value as determined in
accordance with Accenture Holdings plc’s memorandum and articles of association. Under Accenture Holdings plc’s
memorandum and articles of association, the market value of an ordinary share will be deemed to be equal to (i) the
average of the high and low sales prices of an Accenture plc Class Aordinary share as reported on the New York Stock
Exchange, net of customary brokerage and similartransaction costs, or (ii) ifAccenture sells its ClassAordinary shares
on the date that the redemption price is determined (other than in a transaction with any employee or an afﬁliate or
pursuant to a preexisting obligation), the weighted average sales price of an Accenture plc Class A ordinary share on
the New York Stock Exchange, net of customary brokerage and similar transaction costs. Accenture Holdings plc may,
at its option, pay this redemption price with cash or by causing Accenture plc to deliver Class A ordinary shares on a
one-for—one basis. Each holder of Accenture Holdings plc ordinary shares is entitled to a pro rata part of any dividend
and to the value of any remaining assets of Accenture Holdings plc after payment of its liabilities upon dissolution.
Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. Exchangeable Shares
Partners resident in Canada and New Zealand received Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares
in connection with the Company’s transition to a corporate structure. Holders of Accenture Canada Holdings Inc.
exchangeable shares may exchange their shares for Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares at any time on a one-for-
one basis. The Company may, at its option, satisfy this exchange with cash at a price per share generally equal to the
market price of an Accenture plc Class A ordinary share at the time of the exchange. Each exchangeable share of
Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. entitles its holder to receive distributions equal to any distributions to which an
Accenture plc Class A ordinary share entitles its holder.
F- 35