Table of Contents
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with US. generally accepted accounting
principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses. We continually evaluate our estimates, judgments and assumptions based on
available information and experience. Because the use of estimates is inherent in the financial reporting process,
actual results could differ from those estimates. Certain of our accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment
than others in their application. These include certain aspects of accounting for revenue recognition and income taxes.
Revenue Recognition
Our contracts have different terms based on the scope, deliverables and complexity of the engagement, the
terms of which frequently require us to make judgments and estimates in recognizing revenues. We have many types
of contracts, including time-and-materials contracts, ﬁxed-price contracts and contracts with features of both of these
contract types. In addition, some contracts include incentives related to costs incurred, beneﬁts produced or adherence
to schedules that may increase the variability in revenues and margins earned on such contracts. We conduct rigorous
reviews prior to signing such contracts to evaluate whether these incentives are reasonably achievable.
We recognize revenues from technology integration consulting contracts using the percentage-of—completion
method of accounting, which involves calculating the percentage of services provided during the reporting period
compared with the total estimated services to be provided overthe duration of the contract. Our contracts fortechnology
integration consulting services generally span six months to two years. Estimated revenues used in applying the
percentage-of—completion method include estimated incentives for which achievement of deﬁned goals is deemed
probable. This method is followed where reasonably dependable estimates of revenues and costs can be made.
Estimates of total contract revenues and costs are continuously monitored during the term of the contract, and recorded
revenues and estimated costs are subject to revision as the contract progresses. Such revisions may result in increases
or decreases to revenues and income and are reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements in the periods in
which they are first identiﬁed. If our estimates indicate that a contract loss will occur, a loss provision is recorded in
the period in which the loss ﬁrst becomes probable and reasonably estimable. Contract losses are determined to be
the amount by which the estimated total direct and indirect costs of the contract exceed the estimated total revenues
that will be generated by the contract and are included in Cost of services and classified in Other accrued liabilities.
Revenues from contracts for non-technology integration consulting services with fees based on time and materials
or cost-plus are recognized as the services are performed and amounts are earned. We consider amounts to be earned
once evidence of an arrangement has been obtained, services are delivered, fees are ﬁxed or determinable, and
collectibility is reasonably assured. In such contracts, our efforts, measured by time incurred, typically are provided in
less than a year and represent the contractual milestones or output measure, which is the contractual earnings pattern.
For non-technology integration consulting contracts with ﬁxed fees, we recognize revenues as amounts become billable
in accordance with contract terms, provided the billable amounts are not contingent, are consistent with the services
delivered and are earned. Contingent or incentive revenues relating to non-technology integration consulting contracts
are recognized when the contingency is satisﬁed and we conclude the amounts are earned.
Outsourcing contracts typically span several years and involve complex delivery, often through multiple workforces
in different countries. In a number ofthese arrangements, we hire client employees and become responsible for certain
client obligations. Revenues are recognized on outsourcing contracts as amounts become billable in accordance with
contract terms, unless the amounts are billed in advance of performance of services, in which case revenues are
recognized when the services are performed and amounts are earned. Revenues from time-and-materials or cost-
plus contracts are recognized as the services are performed. In such contracts, our effort, measured by time incurred,
represents the contractual milestones or output measure, which is the contractual earnings pattern. Revenues from
unit-priced contracts are recognized as transactions are processed based on objective measures of output. Revenues
from ﬁxed-price contracts are recognized on a straight-line basis, unless revenues are earned and obligations are
fulﬁlled in a different pattern. Outsourcing contracts can also include incentive payments for beneﬁts delivered to clients.
Revenues relating to such incentive payments are recorded when the contingency is satisfied and we conclude the
amounts are earned. We continuously review and reassess our estimates of contract proﬁtability. Circumstances that
potentially affect proﬁtability over the life of the contract include decreases in volumes of transactions or other inputs/
outputs on which we are paid, failure to deliver agreed beneﬁts, variances from planned internal/external costs to
deliver our services and other factors affecting revenues and costs.
Costs related to delivering outsourcing services are expensed as incurred, with the exception of certain transition
costs related to the set-up of processes, personnel and systems, which are deferred during the transition period and
expensed evenly over the period outsourcing services are provided. The deferred costs are speciﬁc internal costs or
31