Table of Contents
For example, we could be subject to significant legal liability and litigation expense if we fail to meet our contractual
obligations, contribute to internal control deﬁciencies of a client or othenNise breach obligations to third parties, including
clients, alliance partners, employees and former employees, and other parties with whom we conduct business, or if
our subcontractors breach or dispute the terms of our agreements with them and impede our ability to meet our
obligations to our clients. We may enter into agreements with non-standard terms because we perceive an important
economic opportunity or because our personnel did not adequately follow our contracting guidelines. In addition, the
contracting practices of competitors, along with the demands of increasingly sophisticated clients, may cause contract
terms and conditions that are unfavorable to us to become new standards in the marketplace. We may find ourselves
committed to providing services or solutions that we are unable to deliver or whose delivery will reduce our proﬁtability
or cause us financial loss. If we cannot or do not meet our contractual obligations and if our potential liability is not
adequately limited through the terms of our agreements, liability limitations are not enforced or a third party alleges
fraud or other wrongdoing to prevent us from relying upon those contractual protections, we might face significant legal
liability and litigation expense and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, as we
expand our services and solutions into new areas, such as taking over the operation of certain portions of our clients’
businesses, which increasingly include the operation of functions and systems that are critical to the core businesses
of our clients, we may be exposed to additional operational, regulatory or other risks specific to these new areas,
including risks related to data security. A failure of a client’s system based on our services or solutions could also
subject us to a claim for signiﬁcant damages that could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
While we maintain insurance for certain potential liabilities, such insurance does not cover all types and amounts
of potential liabilities and is subject to various exclusions as well as caps on amounts recoverable. Even if we believe
a claim is covered by insurance, insurers may dispute our entitlement to recovery for a variety of potential reasons,
which may affect the timing and, if they prevail, the amount of our recovery.
Our work with government clients exposes us to additional risks inherent in the government contracting
environment.
Our clients include national, provincial, state and local governmental entities. Our government work carries various
risks inherent in the government contracting process. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following:
- Government entities, particularly in the United States, often reserve the right to audit our contract costs and
conduct inquiries and investigations of our business practices and compliance with government contract
requirements. U.S. government agencies, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency, routinely audit our
contract costs, including allocated indirect costs, for compliance with the Cost Accounting Standards and the
Federal Acquisition Regulation. These agencies also conduct reviews and investigations and make inquiries
regarding our accounting and other systems in connection with our performance and business practices with
respect to our government contracts. Negative ﬁndings from existing and future audits, investigations or
inquiries could affect our future sales and proﬁtability by preventing us, by operation of law or in practice, from
receiving new government contracts for some period of time. In addition, if the U.S. government concludes
that certain costs are not reimbursable, have not been properly determined or are based on outdated estimates
of our work, then we will not be allowed to bill for such costs, may have to refund money that has already
been paid to us or could be required to retroactively and prospectively adjust previously agreed to billing or
pricing rates for our work. Negative ﬁndings from existing and future audits of our business systems, including
our accounting system, may result in the U.S. government preventing us from billing, at least temporarily, a
percentage of our costs. As a result of prior negative findings in connection with audits, investigations and
inquiries, we have from time to time experienced some of the adverse consequences described above and
may in the future experience further adverse consequences, which could materially adversely affect our future
results of operations.
- If a government client discovers improper or illegal activities in the course of audits or investigations, we may
become subject to various civil and criminal penalties, including those under the civil U.S. False Claims Act,
and administrative sanctions, which may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of
payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from doing business with other agencies of that government.
The inherent limitations of internal controls may not prevent or detect all improper or illegal activities.
- U.S. government contracting regulations impose strict compliance and disclosure obligations. Disclosure is
required if certain company personnel have knowledge of “credible evidence” of a violation of federal criminal
laws involving fraud, conﬂict of interest, bribery or improper gratuity, a violation of the civil U.S. False Claims
Act or receipt of a signiﬁcant overpayment from the government. Failure to make required disclosures could
be a basis for suspension and/or debarment from federal government contracting in addition to breach of the
speciﬁc contract and could also impact contracting beyond the U.S. federal level. Reported matters also could
lead to audits or investigations and other civil, criminal or administrative sanctions.
15