Table of Contents
PART I
Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) relating to our
operations, results of operations and other matters that are based on our current expectations, estimates, assumptions
and projections. Words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “likely,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “projects,”
“believes,” “estimates,” “positioned,” “outlook” and similar expressions are used to identify these forward-looking
statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions that are difﬁcult to predict. FonNard-looking statements are based upon assumptions as to future events
that may not prove to be accurate. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed orforecast
in these fonNard-Iooking statements. Risks, uncertainties and other factors that might cause such differences, some
of which could be material, include, but are not limited to, the factors discussed below under the section entitled “Risk
Factors.” Our fonNard-Iooking statements speak only as of the date of this report or as of the date they are made, and
we undertake no obligation to update them.
Available Information
Our website address is www.accenture.com. We use our website as a channel of distribution for company
information. We make available free of charge on the Investor Relations section of our website (http://
investor.accenture.com) our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on
Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically
ﬁled with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Exchange Act. We also make available through our website other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC under
the Exchange Act, including our proxy statements and reports ﬁled by ofﬁcers and directors under Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act, as well as our Code of Business Ethics. Financial and other material information regarding us is
routinely posted on and accessible at http://investor.accenture.com. We do not intend for information contained in our
website to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Any materials we ﬁle with the SEC may be read and copied at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street,
NE, Washington, DC, 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling
the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy
and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.
In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we use the terms “Accenture,” “we,” the “Company,” “our” and “us” to refer
to Accenture plc and its subsidiaries. All references to years, unless othenNise noted, refer to our fiscal year, which
ends on August 31.
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Overview
Accenture is one of the world’s leading professional services companies with approximately 384,000 people
serving clients in a broad range of industries and in three geographic regions: North America, Europe and Growth
Markets (Asia Pacific, Latin America, Africa, the Middle East, Russia and Turkey). Our ﬁve operating groups, organized
by industry, bring together expertise from across the organization to deliver services and solutions in strategy, consulting,
digital, technology including application services, and operations to our clients. DigitaI-, cloud- and security-related
services are increasingly important components of the services we provide. For fiscal 2016, our revenues before
reimbursements (“net revenues”) were $32.9 billion.
We operate globally with one common brand and business model, allowing us to provide clients around the world
with the same high level of service. Drawing on a combination of industry and functional expertise, technology
capabilities and alliances, and our global delivery resources, we seek to provide differentiated services that help our
clients measurably improve their business performance and create sustainable value for their customers and
stakeholders. Our global delivery model enables us to provide an end-to-end delivery capability by drawing on our
global resources to deliver high-quality, cost-effective solutions to our clients.
In fiscal 201 6, we continued to implement a strategy focused on industry and technology differentiation, leveraging
our global organization to serve clients in locally relevant ways. We continued to make signiﬁcant investments—in
strategic acquisitions, in assets and offerings, in branding and thought leadership, and in attracting and developing
talent—to further enhance our differentiation and competitiveness.
1