Table of Contents
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors which
could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations (including revenues and
proﬁtability) and/or stock price. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that may broadly affect
companies, including us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be
immaterial also could materially adversely affect our business, ﬁnancial condition, results of operations and/or stock
price.
Our results of operations could be adversely affected by volatile, negative or uncertain economic
conditions and the effects of these conditions on our clients’ businesses and levels of business activity.
Global macroeconomic conditions affect our clients’ businesses and the markets they serve. Volatile, negative
or uncertain economic conditions in our signiﬁcant markets have undermined and could in the future undermine business
conﬁdence in our signiﬁcant markets or in other markets, which are increasingly interdependent, and cause our clients
to reduce or defer their spending on new initiatives and technologies, or may result in clients reducing, delaying or
eliminating spending under existing contracts with us, which would negatively affect our business. Growth in the markets
we serve could be at a slow rate, or could stagnate or contract, in each case, for an extended period of time. Differing
economic conditions and patterns of economic growth and contraction in the geographical regions in which we operate
and the industries we serve have affected and may in the future affect demand for our services and solutions. Amaterial
portion of our revenues and proﬁtability is derived from our clients in North America and Europe. Weak demand in
these markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, because we operate
globally and have significant businesses in markets outside of North America and Europe, an economic slowdown in
one or more ofthose other markets could adversely affect our results of operations as well. Ongoing economic volatility
and uncertainty and changing demand patterns affect our business in a number of other ways, including making it
more difﬁcult to accurately forecast client demand and effectively build our revenue and resource plans, particularly
in consulting.
Economic volatility and uncertainty is particularly challenging because it may take some time for the effects and
changes in demand patterns resulting from these and other factors to manifest themselves in our business and results
of operations. Changing demand patterns from economic volatility and uncertainty could have a signiﬁcant negative
impact on our results of operations.
Our business depends on generating and maintaining ongoing, profitable client demand for our services and
solutions, including through the adaptation and expansion of our services and solutions in response to
ongoing changes in technology and offerings, and a significant reduction in such demand or an inability to
respond to the evolving technological environment could materially affect our results of operations.
Our revenue and proﬁtability depend on the demand for our services and solutions with favorable margins, which
could be negatively affected by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control and unrelated to our work
product. As described above, volatile, negative or uncertain global economic conditions and lower growth in the markets
we serve have adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect client demand for our services and solutions.
Our success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to develop and implement services and solutions that anticipate
and respond to rapid and continuing changes in technology and offerings to serve the evolving needs of our clients.
Examples of areas of significant change include digital-, cloud- and security-related offerings, which are continually
evolving as developments such as artiﬁcial intelligence, automation, blockchain, Internet of Things and as-a-service
solutions are commercialized. Technological developments such as these may materially affect the cost and use of
technology by our clients and, in the case of as-a-service solutions, could affect the nature of how we generate revenue.
Some of these technologies, such as cloud-based services, artiﬁcial intelligence and automation, and others that may
emerge, have reduced and replaced some of our historical services and solutions and may continue to do so in the
future. This has caused, and may in the future cause, clients to delay spending under existing contracts and
engagements and to delay entering into new contracts while they evaluate new technologies. Such delays can
negatively impact our results of operations if the pace and level of spending on new technologies is not sufﬁcient to
make up any shortfall.
Developments in the industries we serve, which may be rapid, also could shift demand to new services and
solutions. If, as a result of new technologies or changes in the industries we serve, our clients demand new services
and solutions, we may be less competitive in these new areas or need to make significant investment to meet that
demand. Our growth strategy focuses on responding to these types of developments by driving innovation that will
enable us to expand our business into new growth areas. If we do not sufficiently invest in new technology and adapt
to industry developments, or evolve and expand our business at sufﬁcient speed and scale, or if we do not make the
right strategic investments to respond to these developments and successfully drive innovation, our services and
9