Table of Contents
Organizational Structure
Accenture plc is an Irish public limited company with no material assets other than ordinary and deferred shares
in its subsidiary, Accenture Holdings plc, an Irish public limited company. Accenture plc owns a majority voting interest
in Accenture Holdings plc, and Accenture plc’s only business is to hold these shares. As a result, Accenture plc controls
Accenture Holdings plc’s management and operations and consolidates Accenture Holdings plc’s results in its
Consolidated Financial Statements. We operate our business through subsidiaries ofAccenture Holdings plc. Accenture
Holdings plc generally reimburses Accenture plc for its expenses but does not pay Accenture plc any fees.
History
Prior to our transition to a corporate structure in ﬁscal 2001, we operated as a series of related partnerships and
corporations under the control of our partners. In connection with our transition to a corporate structure, our partners
generally exchanged all of their interests in these partnerships and corporations for Accenture Ltd Class A common
shares or, in the case of partners in certain countries, Class | common shares of Accenture SCA, a Luxembourg
partnership limited by shares and direct subsidiary ofAccenture Ltd (“Accenture SCA”), or exchangeable shares issued
by Accenture Canada Holdings Inc., an indirect subsidiary of Accenture SCA. Generally, partners who received
Accenture SCA Class I common shares or Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares also received a
corresponding number of Accenture Ltd Class X common shares, which entitled their holders to vote at Accenture Ltd
shareholder meetings but did not carry any economic rights. The combination of the Accenture Ltd Class X common
shares and the Accenture SCA Class I common shares orAccenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares gave
these partners substantially similar economic and governance rights as holders of Accenture Ltd ClassA common
shares.
On June 10, 2009, Accenture plc was incorporated in Ireland, as a public limited company, in order to effect
moving the place of incorporation of our parent holding company from Bermuda to Ireland. This transaction was
completed on September 1, 2009, at which time Accenture Ltd, our predecessor holding company, became a wholly
owned subsidiary ofAccenture plc and Accenture plc became our parent holding company. Accenture Ltd was dissolved
on December 29, 2009.
On April 10, 2015, Accenture Holdings plc was incorporated in Ireland, as a public limited company, in order to
further consolidate Accenture’s presence in Ireland. On August 26, 2015, Accenture SCA merged with and into
Accenture Holdings plc, with Accenture Holdings plc as the surviving entity. This merger was a transaction between
entities under common control and had no effect on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
All references to Accenture Holdings plc included in this report with respect to periods prior to August 26, 2015
reflect the activity and/or balances of Accenture SCA (the predecessor of Accenture Holdings plc). The Consolidated
Financial Statements reflect the ownership interests in Accenture Holdings plc and Accenture Canada Holdings Inc.
held by certain current and former members of Accenture Leadership as noncontrolling interests. “Accenture
Leadership” is comprised of members of our global management committee (the Company’s primary management
and leadership team, which consists of approximately 20 of our most senior leaders), senior managing directors and
managing directors. The noncontrolling ownership interests percentage was 4% as of August 31, 2016.
Accenture plc Class A and Class X Ordinary Shares
Each Class A ordinary share and each Class X ordinary share of Accenture plc entitles its holder to one vote on
all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of Accenture plc. A Class X ordinary share does not, however, entitle
its holder to receive dividends or to receive payments upon a liquidation of Accenture plc. As described above under
“—History,” Class X ordinary shares generally provide the holders of Accenture Holdings plc ordinary shares and
Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares with a vote at Accenture plc shareholder meetings that is
equivalent to the voting rights held by Accenture plc Class Aordinary shareholders, while their economic rights consist
of interests in Accenture Holdings plc ordinary shares or in Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares.
Under its memorandum and articles of association, Accenture plc may redeem, at its option, any Class X ordinary
share for a redemption price equal to the nominal value of the Class X ordinary share, or $0.0000225 per share.
Accenture plc, as successor to Accenture Ltd, has separately agreed with the original holders of Accenture Holdings
plc ordinary shares and Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares not to redeem any Class X ordinary
share of such holder if the redemption would reduce the number of Class X ordinary shares held by that holder to a
number that is less than the number of Accenture Holdings plc ordinary shares or Accenture Canada Holdings Inc.
exchangeable shares owned by that holder. Accenture plc will redeem Class X ordinary shares upon the redemption
or exchange of Accenture Holdings plc ordinary shares and Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares so
that the aggregate number of Class X ordinary shares outstanding at any time does not exceed the aggregate number
7