Table of Contents
ACCENTURE PLC
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (continued)
(In thousands of US. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)
Revenues from contracts for non-technology integration consulting services with fees based on time and materials
or cost-plus are recognized as the services are performed and amounts are earned. The Company considers amounts
to be earned once evidence of an arrangement has been obtained, services are delivered, fees are ﬁxed or determinable,
and collectibility is reasonably assured. In such contracts, the Company’s efforts, measured by time incurred, typically
are provided in less than a year and represent the contractual milestones or output measure, which is the contractual
earnings pattern. For non-technology integration consulting contracts with fixed fees, the Company recognizes
revenues as amounts become billable in accordance with contract terms, provided the billable amounts are not
contingent, are consistent with the services delivered and are earned. Contingent or incentive revenues relating to
non-technology integration consulting contracts are recognized when the contingency is satisfied and the Company
concludes the amounts are earned.
Outsourcing contracts typically span several years and involve complex delivery, often through multiple workforces
in different countries. In a number of these arrangements, the Company hires client employees and becomes
responsible for certain client obligations. Revenues are recognized on outsourcing contracts as amounts become
billable in accordance with contract terms, unless the amounts are billed in advance of performance of services, in
which case revenues are recognized when the services are performed and amounts are earned. Revenues from time-
and-materials or cost-plus contracts are recognized as the services are performed. In such contracts, the Company’s
effort, measured by time incurred, represents the contractual milestones or output measure, which is the contractual
earnings pattern. Revenues from unit-priced contracts are recognized as transactions are processed based on objective
measures of output. Revenues from ﬁxed-price contracts are recognized on a straight-line basis, unless revenues are
earned and obligations are fulfilled in a different pattern. Outsourcing contracts can also include incentive payments
for benefits delivered to clients. Revenues relating to such incentive payments are recorded when the contingency is
satisfied and the Company concludes the amounts are earned.
Costs related to delivering outsourcing services are expensed as incurred with the exception of certain transition
costs related to the set-up of processes, personnel and systems, which are deferred during the transition period and
expensed evenly over the period outsourcing services are provided. The deferred costs are specific internal costs or
incremental external costs directly related to transition or set-up activities necessary to enable the outsourced services.
Generally, deferred amounts are protected in the event of early termination of the contract and are monitored regularly
for impairment. Impairment losses are recorded when projected remaining undiscounted operating cash ﬂows of the
related contract are not sufficient to recover the carrying amount of contract assets. Deferred transition costs were
$709,444 and $630,420 as of August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and are included in Deferred contract costs.
Amounts billable to the client for transition or set-up activities are deferred and recognized as revenue evenly over the
period outsourcing services are provided. Deferred transition revenues were $604,674 and $522,968 as of August 31,
2016 and 2015, respectively, and are included in non-current Deferred revenues. Contract acquisition and origination
costs are expensed as incurred.
The Company enters into contracts that may consist of multiple deliverables. These contracts may include any
combination of technology integration consulting services, non-technology integration consulting services or
outsourcing services described above. Revenues for contracts with multiple deliverables are allocated based on the
lesser ofthe element’s relative selling price orthe amount that is not contingent on future delivery of another deliverable.
The selling price ofeach deliverable is determined by obtaining third party evidence of the selling price forthe deliverable
and is based on the price charged when largely similar services are sold on a standalone basis by the Company to
similarly situated customers. If the amount of non-contingent revenues allocated to a deliverable accounted for under
the percentage-of—completion method of accounting is less than the costs to deliver such services, then such costs
are deferred and recognized in future periods when the revenues become non-contingent. Revenues are recognized
in accordance with the Company’s accounting policies for the separate deliverables when the services have value on
a stand-alone basis, selling price of the separate deliverables exists and, in arrangements that include a general right
of refund relative to the completed deliverable, performance of the in-process deliverable is considered probable and
substantially in the Company’s control. While determining fair value and identifying separate deliverables require
judgment, generally fair value and the separate deliverables are readily identiﬁable as the Company also sells those
deliverables unaccompanied by other deliverables.
Revenues recognized in excess of billings are recorded as Unbilled services. Billings in excess of revenues
recognized are recorded as Deferred revenues until revenue recognition criteria are met. Client prepayments (even if
nonrefundable) are deferred and recognized over future periods as services are delivered or performed.
F- 11