Table of Contents
could lessen related demand for our services and solutions. lfwe do not obtain the expected beneﬁts from our alliance
relationships for any reason, we may be less competitive, our ability to offer attractive solutions to our clients may be
negatively affected, and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
Our services or solutions could infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others or we might lose our
ability to utilize the intellectual property of others.
We cannot be sure that our services and solutions, including, for example, our software solutions, orthe solutions
of others that we offer to our clients, do not infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties, and these third
parties could claim that we or our clients are infringing upon their intellectual property rights. These claims could harm
our reputation, cause us to incur substantial costs or prevent us from offering some services or solutions in the future.
Any related proceedings could require us to expend signiﬁcant resources over an extended period of time. In most of
our contracts, we agree to indemnify our clients for expenses and liabilities resulting from claimed infringements of
the intellectual property rights of third parties. In some instances, the amount of these indemnities could be greater
than the revenues we receive from the client. Any claims or litigation in this area could be time-consuming and costly,
damage our reputation and/or require us to incur additional costs to obtain the right to continue to offer a service or
solution to our clients. If we cannot secure this right at all or on reasonable terms, or we cannot substitute alternative
technology, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. The risk of infringement claims against
us may increase as we expand our industry software solutions and continue to develop and license our software to
multiple clients. Additionally, in recent years, individuals and ﬁrms have purchased intellectual property assets in order
to assert claims of infringement against technology providers and customers that use such technology. Any such action
naming us or our clients could be costly to defend or lead to an expensive settlement orjudgment against us. Moreover,
such an action could result in an injunction being ordered against our client or our own services or operations, causing
further damages.
In addition, we rely on third-party software in providing some of our services and solutions. If we lose our ability
to continue using such software for any reason, including because it is found to infringe the rights of others, we will
need to obtain substitute software or seek alternative means of obtaining the technology necessary to continue to
provide such services and solutions. Our inability to replace such software, or to replace such software in a timely or
cost-effective manner, could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights from unauthorized use or infringement by third
parties, our business could be adversely affected.
Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to protect our proprietary methodologies and other intellectual
property. Existing laws of the various countries in which we provide services or solutions offer only limited protection
of our intellectual property rights, and the protection in some countries may be very limited. We rely upon a combination
of confidentiality policies, nondisclosure and other contractual arrangements, and patent, trade secret, copyright and
trademark laws to protect our intellectual property rights. These laws are subject to change at any time and could
further limit our ability to protect our intellectual property. There is uncertainty concerning the scope of available
intellectual property protection for software and business methods, which are ﬁelds in which we rely on intellectual
property laws to protect our rights. Our intellectual property rights may not prevent competitors from reverse engineering
our proprietary information or independently developing products and services similar to or duplicative of ours. Further,
the steps we take in this regard might not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or other misappropriation of
our intellectual property by competitors, former employees or other third parties, and we might not be able to detect
unauthorized use of, or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights. Enforcing our
rights might also require considerable time, money and oversight, and we may not be successful in enforcing our
rights.
Our ability to attract and retain business and employees may depend on our reputation in the marketplace.
We believe the Accenture brand name and our reputation are important corporate assets that help distinguish
our services and solutions from those of competitors and also contribute to our efforts to recruit and retain talented
employees. However, our corporate reputation is potentially susceptible to material damage by events such as disputes
with clients, cybersecurity breaches or service outages, internal control deficiencies, delivery failures, compliance
violations, government investigations or legal proceedings. Similarly, our reputation could be damaged by actions or
statements of current orformer clients, directors, employees, competitors, vendors, alliance partners, ourjoint ventures
orjoint venture partners, adversaries in legal proceedings, legislators or government regulators, as well as members
of the investment community or the media. There is a risk that negative information about Accenture, even if based
on rumor or misunderstanding, could adversely affect our business. Damage to our reputation could be difficult,
expensive and time-consuming to repair, could make potential or existing clients reluctant to select us for new
engagements, resulting in a loss of business, and could adversely affect our recruitment and retention efforts. Damage
19