defense, digital identity, application security market and technology trends through
and managed security services. provocative thought leadership. To do
. . . this, our researchers leverage techniques
We continue to make substantial investments . .
. . . such as economic modeling, data
across our busmess, particularly In . .
, , , , , soience, crowdsourcmg, expert networks,
acquISItions. In fiscal 2016, we invested more . . . .
. . . . . . . online surveys, deSIgn thinking and
than $930 million of capital in achISItions— data Visualization
in addition to about $800 million the prior '
year—and approximately 70 percent of these - Accenture Ventures identifies and partners
investments were in "the New." Key examples with early-stage companies to capitalize on
in fiscal 2016 included Cloud Sherpas, a emerging trends using an open innovation
leading cloud advisory and services provider; approach. We also selectively invest in
IMJ Corporation, one of Japan’s largest digital growth-stage companies with innovative
marketing agencies; and several European enterprise technologies that can be a
digital services companies, including MOBGEN catalyst for our growth. In fiscal 2016, we
in the Netherlands, Tecnilégica in Spain and invested in Digital Asset Holdings, a leading
dgroup in Germany. developer of blockchain technology, which
. . . is expected to drive significant efficiency
We are also investing to enhance our expertise , , , , , ,
. . . . . . gains for finanCial institutions.
in key industries through acquISItions such
as Sagacious Consultants in Health, Beacon - Accenture Labs incubate and prototype
Consulting and Formicary in Capital Markets, new concepts through applied R&D projects
and Schlumberger Business Consulting and that are expected to have a significant
Cimation in Energy. near-term impact on clients’ businesses.
. . We 0 ened two new Labs durin the
With our broad range of serVIces and deep ,p g
. . . year in Ireland and Israel—focused on
industry expertise, Accenture remains the . . . . . .
. , artifICIal intelligence and cybersecurity,
partner of ch0ice for many of the world s .
leadin com anies and lar est overnment reSpeCtlvely_and now have seven
.9 p . . . . g g . Accenture Labs around the world.
agenCIes on mi33ion-critical transformation
programs. We serve more than three-quarters - Accenture Studios co-create innovative
of the FORTUNE Global 500 and 94 of the solutions for clients with speed and agility.
top 100. We also continue to build strong, We opened several new studios in
long-term relationships with our clients. fiscal 2016, including a Liquid Studio in
All of our top 100 clients have been clients Silicon Valley—to help clients dramatically
for at least five years, and 98 have been accelerate application development—
clients for 10 years or more. and a Digital Studio for US government
clients in Washin ton, DC.
LEADING WITH INNOVATION g
In today’s fast-changing business environment, - Accenture Innovation Centers bring our
where companies need to continually reinvent solutions to scale and demonstrate their
themselves, we are increasingly leading impact for clients. Our new Innovation
with innovation to help clients—and Accenture Center in Paris is leveraging our proven
itself—"imagine and invent” the future. Our ideation methodology, digital technology
unique approach, through the Accenture expertise and deep industry knowledge in
Innovation Architecture, enables us to an immersive environment to help clients
combine our capabilities across the company rapidly achieve business results.
to develo and deliver disru tive innovations— , . . .
p p. . - Accenture Delivery Centers industrialize
and to scale them faster. Our innovation , , ,
. . . . the delivery of our innovations through
capabilities include:
our unparalleled network of more than 50
- Accenture Research identifies and delivery centers around the world.
anticipates game-changing business,
3