Table of Contents
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE
None.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal ﬁnancial officer, has
evaluated the effectiveness of ourdisclosure controls and procedures (as deﬁned in Rule 13a-15(e) underthe Exchange
Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Based on that evaluation,
the principal executive ofﬁcer and the principal financial ofﬁcer of Accenture plc have concluded that, as of the end of
the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance
level.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control overﬁnancial reporting
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our ﬁnancial reporting and the preparation of ﬁnancial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over
ﬁnancial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:
i. pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of our assets;
ii. provide reasonable assurance that the transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of ﬁnancial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our Board of Directors; and
iii. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or
disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.
Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate due to changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive ofﬁcer and
principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting
using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in
Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013). Based on its evaluation, our management concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the ﬁscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-
K.
KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting ﬁrm, has audited the Consolidated Financial Statements
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as part of their audit, has issued its attestation report, included
herein, on the effectiveness of our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting. See “Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm” on page F-2.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There has been no change in our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter
of ﬁscal 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting.
ITEM QB. OTHER INFORMATION
None.
47