Table of Contents
- Government contracts are subject to heightened reputational and contractual risks compared to contracts
with commercial clients. For example, government contracts and the proceedings surrounding them are often
subject to more extensive scrutiny and publicity. Negative publicity, including an allegation of improper or
illegal activity, regardless of its accuracy, may adversely affect our reputation.
- Terms and conditions of government contracts also tend to be more onerous and are often more difﬁcult to
negotiate. For example, these contracts often contain high or unlimited liability for breaches and feature less
favorable payment terms and sometimes require us to take on liability for the performance of third parties.
- Government entities typically fund projects through appropriated monies. While these projects are often
planned and executed as multi-year projects, government entities usually reserve the right to change the
scope of or terminate these projects for lack of approved funding and/or at their convenience. Changes in
government or political developments, including budget deficits, shortfalls or uncertainties, government
spending reductions or other debt constraints could result in our projects being reduced in price or scope or
terminated altogether, which also could limit our recovery of incurred costs, reimbursable expenses and profits
on work completed prior to the termination. Furthermore, if insufﬁcient funding is appropriated to the
government entity to cover termination costs, we may not be able to fully recover our investments.
- Political and economic factors such as pending elections, the outcome of recent elections, changes in
leadership among key executive or legislative decision makers, revisions to governmental tax or other policies
and reduced tax revenues can affect the number and terms of new government contracts signed or the speed
at which new contracts are signed, decrease future levels of spending and authorizations for programs that
we bid, shift spending priorities to programs in areas for which we do not provide services and/or lead to
changes in enforcement or how compliance with relevant rules or laws is assessed.
- Legislative and executive proposals remain under consideration or could be proposed in the future, which, if
enacted, could limit or even prohibit our eligibility to be awarded state or federal government contracts in the
United States in the future or could include requirements that would otherwise affect our results of operations.
Various US. federal and state legislative proposals have been introduced and/or enacted in recent years that
deny government contracts to certain US. companies that reincorporate or have reincorporated outside the
United States. While Accenture was not a US. company that reincorporated outside the United States, it is
possible that these contract bans and other legislative proposals could be applied in a way that negatively
affects Accenture.
The occurrences or conditions described above could affect not only our business with the particular government
entities involved, but also our business with other entities of the same or other governmental bodies or with certain
commercial clients, and could have a material adverse effect on our business or our results of operations.
We might notbe successful atidentifying, acquiring, investing in or integrating businesses, entering into joint
ventures or divesting businesses.
We expect to continue pursuing strategic and targeted acquisitions, investments and joint ventures to enhance
or add to our skills and capabilities or offerings of services and solutions, orto enable us to expand in certain geographic
and other markets. Depending on the opportunities available, we may increase the amount of capital invested in such
opportunities. We may not successfully identify suitable investment opportunities. We also might not succeed in
completing targeted transactions or achieve desired results of operations. Furthermore, we face risks in successfully
integrating any businesses we might acquire or create through a joint venture. Ongoing business may be disrupted,
and our management’s attention may be diverted by acquisition, investment, transition or integration activities. In
addition, we might need to dedicate additional management and other resources, and our organizational structure
could make it difficult for us to efﬁciently integrate acquired businesses into our ongoing operations and assimilate and
retain employees of those businesses into our culture and operations. Acquisitions or joint ventures may result in
significant costs and expenses, including those related to retention payments, equity compensation, severance pay,
early retirement costs, intangible asset amortization and asset impairment charges, assumed litigation and other
liabilities, and legal, accounting and ﬁnancial advisory fees, which could negatively affect our proﬁtability. We may
have difﬁculties as a result of entering into new markets where we have limited or no direct prior experience or where
competitors may have stronger market positions.
We might fail to realize the expected benefits or strategic objectives of any acquisition, investment orjoint venture
we undertake. We might not achieve our expected return on investment or may lose money. We may be adversely
impacted by liabilities that we assume from a company we acquire or in which we invest, including from that company’s
known and unknown obligations, intellectual property or other assets, terminated employees, current or former clients
or other third parties. In addition, we may fail to identify or adequately assess the magnitude of certain liabilities,
shortcomings or other circumstances prior to acquiring, investing in or partnering with a company, including potential
16