Table of Contents
exposure to regulatory sanctions or liabilities resulting from an acquisition target’s previous activities. If any of these
circumstances occurs, they could result in unexpected legal or regulatory exposure, unfavorable accounting treatment,
unexpected increases in taxes or other adverse effects on our business. In addition, we have a lesser degree of control
over the business operations of the joint ventures and businesses in which we have made minority investments. This
lesser degree of control may expose us to additional reputational, ﬁnancial, legal, compliance or operational risks.
Litigation, indemniﬁcation claims and other unforeseen claims and liabilities may arise from the acquisition or operation
of acquired businesses. For example, we may face litigation or other claims as a result of certain terms and conditions
of the acquisition agreement, such as earnout payments or closing net asset adjustments. Alternatively, shareholder
litigation may arise as a result of proposed acquisitions. lfwe are unable to complete the number and kind of investments
for which we plan, or if we are inefﬁcient or unsuccessful at integrating any acquired businesses into our operations,
we may not be able to achieve our planned rates of growth or improve our market share, proﬁtability or competitive
position in specific markets or services.
We periodically evaluate, and have engaged in, the disposition of assets and businesses. Divestitures could
involve difﬁculties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel, the diversion of management’s
attention, the disruption of our business and the potential loss of key employees. After reaching an agreement with a
buyer for the disposition of a business, the transaction may be subject to the satisfaction of pre-closing conditions as
well as to obtaining necessary regulatory and government approvals, which, if not satisﬁed or obtained, may prevent
us from completing the transaction. Divestitures may also involve continued ﬁnancial involvement in the divested assets
and businesses, such as indemnities or other financial obligations, in which the performance of the divested assets
or businesses could impact our results of operations. Any divestiture we undertake could adversely affect our results
of operations.
Our Global Delivery Network is increasingly concentrated in India and the Philippines, which may expose us
to operational risks.
Our business model is dependent on our Global Delivery Network, which includes Accenture personnel based
at more than 50 delivery centers around the world. While these delivery centers are located throughout the world, we
have based large portions of our delivery network in India, where we have the largest number of people in our delivery
network located, and the Philippines, where we have the second largest number of people located. Concentrating our
Global Delivery Network in these locations presents a number of operational risks, many of which are beyond our
control. For example, natural disasters of the type described below, some of which India and the Philippines have
experienced and other countries may experience, could impair the ability of our people to safely travel to and work in
our facilities and disrupt our ability to perform work through our delivery centers. Additionally, both India and the
Philippines have experienced, and other countries may experience, political instability, worker strikes, civil unrest and
hostilities with neighboring countries. Military activity or civil hostilities in the future, as well as terrorist activities and
other conditions, which are described more fully below, could significantly disrupt our ability to perform work through
our delivery centers. Our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not be effective, particularly if catastrophic
events occur. If any of these circumstances occurs, we have a greater risk that the interruptions in communications
with our clients and other Accenture locations and personnel, and any down-time in important processes we operate
for clients, could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our reputation in the marketplace.
As a result of our geographically diverse operations and our growth strategy to continue geographic
expansion, we are more susceptible to certain risks.
We have ofﬁces and operations in more than 200 cities in 55 countries around the world. One aspect of our
growth strategy is to continue to expand in key markets around the world. Our growth strategy might not be successful.
If we are unable to manage the risks of our global operations and geographic expansion strategy, including international
hostilities, terrorist activities, natural disasters, security breaches, failure to maintain compliance with our clients’ control
requirements and multiple legal and regulatory systems, our results of operations and ability to grow could be materially
adversely affected. In addition, emerging markets generally involve greater financial and operational risks, such as
those described below, than our more mature markets. Negative or uncertain political climates in countries or
geographies where we operate could also adversely affect us.
International hostilities, terrorist activities, natural disasters, pandemics and infrastructure disruptions could
prevent us from effectively serving our clients and thus adversely affect our results of operations. Acts of terrorist
violence; political unrest; armed regional and international hostilities and international responses to these hostilities;
natural disasters, volcanic eruptions, floods and other severe weather conditions; health emergencies or pandemics
or the threat of or perceived potential for these events; and other acts of god could have a negative impact on us.
These events could adversely affect our clients’ levels of business activity and precipitate sudden and signiﬁcant
changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles. These events also pose significant risks to our people
and to physical facilities and operations around the world, whetherthe facilities are ours orthose of our alliance partners
17