Table of Contents
Our proﬁtability could suffer if our cost-management strategies are unsuccessful, and we may not be able to
improve our proﬁtability to the degree we have done in the past. Our ability to improve or maintain our profitability is
dependent on our being able to successfully manage our costs. Our cost management strategies include maintaining
appropriate alignment between the demand for our services and solutions and our resource capacity. We have also
taken actions to reduce certain costs, and these initiatives include, without limitation, re-alignment of portions of our
workforce to lower-cost locations and the use of involuntary terminations as a means to keep our supply of skills and
resources in balance. These actions and our other cost-management efforts may not be successful, our efficiency may
not be enhanced and we may not achieve desired levels of profitability. Because of the signiﬁcant steps taken in the
past to manage costs, it may become increasingly difﬁcult to continue to manage our cost structure to the same degree
as in the past. If we are not effective in managing our operating costs in response to changes in demand or pricing,
or ifwe are unable to recover employee compensation increases through improved pricing, automation orthe movement
of work to lower-cost locations, we may not be able to continue to invest in our business in an amount necessary to
achieve our planned rates of growth, we may not be able to reward our people in the manner we believe is necessary
to attract or retain personnel at desired levels, and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
If we do not accurately anticipate the cost, risk and complexity of performing our work or if third parties upon
whom we rely do notmeet theircommitments, then our contracts could have delivery inefﬁciencies and be less proﬁtable
than expected or unproﬁtable. Our contract proﬁtability is highly dependent on our forecasts regarding the effort and
cost necessary to deliver our services and solutions, which are based on available data and could turn out to be
materially inaccurate. If we do not accurately estimate the effort, costs ortiming for meeting our contractual commitments
and/or completing engagements to a client’s satisfaction, our contracts could yield lower proﬁt margins than planned
or be unprofitable. Similarly, if we experience unanticipated delivery difﬁculties due to our management, the failure of
third parties to meet their commitments or for any other reason, our contracts could yield lower proﬁt margins than
planned or be unproﬁtable. In particular, large and complex arrangements often require that we utilize subcontractors
or that our services and solutions incorporate or coordinate with the software, systems or infrastructure requirements
of other vendors and service providers, including companies with which we have alliances. Our profitability depends
on the ability of these subcontractors, vendors and service providers to deliver their products and services in a timely
manner and in accordance with the project requirements, as well as on our effective oversight of their performance.
In some cases, these subcontractors are small ﬁrms, and they might not have the resources or experience to
successfully integrate their services or products with large-scale engagements or enterprises. Some of this work
involves new technologies, which may not work as intended or may take more effort to implement than initially predicted.
In addition, certain client work requires the use of unique and complex structures and alliances, some of which require
us to assume responsibility for the performance of third parties whom we do not control. Any of these factors could
adversely affect our ability to perform and subject us to additional liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect
on our relationships with clients and on our results of operations.
Changes in our level of taxes, as well as audits, investigations and tax proceedings, or changes in tax laws
or in their interpretation or enforcement, could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate, results
of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
We are subject to taxes in numerous jurisdictions. We calculate and provide for taxes in each tax jurisdiction in
which we operate. Tax accounting often involves complex matters and requires ourjudgment to determine ourworldwide
provision for income taxes and othertax liabilities. We are subject to ongoing audits, investigations and tax proceedings
in various jurisdictions. Tax authorities have disagreed, and may in the future disagree, with ourjudgments, or may
take increasingly aggressive positions opposing the judgments we make, including with respect to our intercompany
transactions. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of our audits, investigations and tax proceedings to determine
the appropriateness of our tax liabilities. However, ourjudgments might not be sustained as a result of these audits,
investigations and tax proceedings, and the amounts ultimately paid could be materially different from the amounts
previously recorded. In addition, our effective tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by the expiration of
current tax benefits, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, challenges to our
intercompany transactions, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in tax laws or
in their interpretation or enforcement. Tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate may change as a result of
macroeconomic or other factors outside of our control. In addition, changes in tax laws, treaties or regulations, or their
interpretation or enforcement, have become more unpredictable and may become more stringent, which could
materially adversely affect our tax position.
The overall tax environment has made it increasingly challenging for multinational corporations to operate with
certainty about taxation in many jurisdictions. For example, the European Commission has been conducting
investigations, focusing on whether local country tax rulings or tax legislation provide preferential tax treatment that
violates European Union state aid rules. In addition, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development,
13