Table of Contents
ACCENTURE PLC
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (continued)
(In thousands of US. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)
7. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
In the normal course of business, the Company uses derivative ﬁnancial instruments to manage foreign currency
exchange rate risk. Derivative transactions are governed by a uniform set of policies and procedures covering areas
such as authorization, counterparty exposure and hedging practices. Positions are monitored using techniques such
as market value and sensitivity analyses. The Company does not enter into derivative transactions fortrading purposes.
The Company classiﬁes cash ﬂows from its derivative programs as cash ﬂows from operating activities in the
Consolidated Cash Flows Statements.
Certain derivatives also give rise to credit risks from the possible non-performance by counterparties. Credit risk
is generally limited to the fair value of those contracts that are favorable to the Company, and the maximum amount
of loss due to credit risk, based on the gross fair value of all of the Company’s derivative ﬁnancial instruments, was
$129,603 as ofAugust 31, 2016.
The Company also utilizes standard counterparty master agreements containing provisions for the netting of
certain foreign currency transaction obligations and for set-off of certain obligations in the event of an insolvency of
one of the parties to the transaction. These provisions may reduce the Company’s potential overall loss resulting from
the insolvency of a counterparty and reduce a counterparty’s potential overall loss resulting from the insolvency of the
Company. Additionally, these agreements contain early termination provisions triggered by adverse changes in a
counterparty’s credit rating, thereby enabling the Company to accelerate settlement of a transaction prior to its
contractual maturity and potentially decrease the Company’s realized loss on an open transaction. Similarly, a
decrement in the Company’s credit rating could trigger a counterparty’s early termination rights, thereby enabling a
counterparty to accelerate settlement of a transaction prior to its contractual maturity and potentially increase the
Company’s realized loss on an open transaction. The aggregate fair value of the Company’s derivative instruments
with credit-risk-related contingent features that are in a liability position as of August 31, 2016 was $33,774.
The Company’s derivative ﬁnancial instruments consist of deliverable and non-deliverable foreign currency
forward contracts. Fair values for derivative financial instruments are based on prices computed using third-party
valuation models and are classiﬁed as Level 2 in accordance with the three-level hierarchy of fair value measurements.
All of the signiﬁcant inputs to the third-party valuation models are observable in active markets. Inputs include current
market-based parameters such as fonNard rates, yield curves and credit default swap pricing. For additional information
related to the three-level hierarchy of fair value measurements, see Note 10 (Retirement and Proﬁt Sharing Plans) to
these Consolidated Financial Statements.
Cash Flow Hedges
Certain of the Company’s subsidiaries are exposed to currency risk through their use of resources supplied by
the Company’s Global Delivery Network. To mitigate this risk, the Company uses foreign currency fonNard contracts
to hedge the foreign exchange risk of the forecasted intercompany expenses denominated in foreign currencies for
up to three years in the future. The Company has designated these derivatives as cash ﬂow hedges. As of August 31,
2016 and 2015, the Company held no derivatives that were designated as fair value or net investment hedges.
In order for a derivative to qualify for hedge accounting, the derivative must be formally designated as a fair value,
cash ﬂow or net investment hedge by documenting the relationship between the derivative and the hedged item. The
documentation includes a description of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the risk being hedged, the Company’s
risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge, the method for assessing the effectiveness of the
hedge and the method for measuring hedge ineffectiveness. Additionally, the hedge relationship must be expected to
be highly effective at offsetting changes in either the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item at both inception of
the hedge and on an ongoing basis. The Company assesses the ongoing effectiveness of its hedges using the
Hypothetical Derivative Method, which measures hedge ineffectiveness based on a comparison of the change in fair
value of the actual derivative designated as the hedging instrument and the change in fair value of a hypothetical
derivative. The hypothetical derivative would have terms that identically match the critical terms of the hedged item. The
Company measures and records hedge ineffectiveness at the end of each ﬁscal quarter.
For a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the change in estimated fair value of a hedging instrument is
recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss as a separate component ofShareholders’ Equity and is reclassiﬁed
into Cost of services in the Consolidated Income Statement during the period in which the hedged transaction is
recognized. The amounts related to derivatives designated as cash flow hedges that were reclassified into Cost of
services were a net gain of $23,004 and $15,207 during ﬁscal 2016 and 2015, respectively, and a net loss of $101 ,026
during ﬁscal 2014. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of a cash flow hedge is recognized immediately
F- 20