Table of Contents
ACCENTURE PLC
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)
Investment Strategies
U.S. Pension Plans
The overall investment objective of the defined beneﬁt pension plans is to match the duration of the plans’ assets
to the plans’ liabilities while managing risk in order to meet current deﬁned beneﬁt pension obligations. The plans’
future prospects, their current financial conditions, the Company’s current funding levels and other relevant factors
suggest that the plans can tolerate some interim fluctuations in market value and rates of return in order to achieve
long-term objectives without undue risk to the plans’ ability to meet their current benefit obligations. The Company
recognizes that asset allocation of the deﬁned beneﬁt pension plans’ assets is an important factor in determining long-
term performance. Actual asset allocations at any point in time may vary from the target asset allocations and will be
dictated by current and anticipated market conditions, required cash flows and investment decisions of the investment
committee and the pension plans’ investment funds and managers. Ranges are established to provide flexibility for
the asset allocation to vary around the targets without the need for immediate rebalancing.
Non-U.S. Pension Plans
Plan assets in non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans conform to the investment policies and procedures of each
plan and to relevant legislation. The pension committee or trustee of each plan regularly, but at least annually, reviews
the investment policy and the performance of the investment managers. In certain countries, the trustee is also required
to consult with the Company. Asset allocation decisions are made to provide risk adjusted returns that align with the
overall investment strategy for each plan. Generally, the investment return objective of each plan is to achieve a total
annualized rate of return that exceeds inﬂation over the long term by an amount based on the target asset allocation
mix of that plan. In certain countries, plan assets are invested in funds that are required to hold a majority of assets
in bonds, with a smaller proportion in equities. Also, certain plan assets are entirely invested in contracts held with the
plan insurer, which determines the strategy. Deﬁned benefit pension plans in certain countries are unfunded.
Risk Management
Plan investments are exposed to risks including market, interest rate and operating risk. In order to mitigate
significant concentrations of these risks, the assets are invested in a diversified portfolio primarily consisting of ﬁxed
income instruments and equities. To minimize asset volatility relative to the liabilities, plan assets allocated to debt
securities appropriately match the duration of individual plan liabilities. Equities are diversiﬁed between U.S. and non-
U.S. index funds and are intended to achieve long term capital appreciation. Plan asset allocation and investment
managers’ guidelines are reviewed on a regular basis.
Plan Assets
The Company’s target allocation for fiscal 2017 and weighted-average plan assets allocations as of August 31,
2016 and 2015 by asset category for defined beneﬁt pension plans were as follows:
2017 Target
: Allocation : : 2016 : : 2015 :
U.S. Non-U.S. U.S. Non-U.S. U.S. Non-U.S.
: Plans Plans Plans Plans Plans Plans :
jAssetCategorv j
Equity securities —% 36% —% 29% 10% 30%
jDebt securities 77 51 75 58 87 56 ‘
Cash and short-term investments 23 3 25 2 3 3
jlnsurance contracts _ 7 _ 7 _ 5 ‘
Other _ 3 _ 4 _ 5
[Total 100%_ 100%_ 100%_ 100%_ 100%_ 100%!
F- 30