Table of Contents
No taxes have been provided on undistributed foreign earnings that are planned to be indefinitely reinvested. If
future events, including material changes in estimates of cash, working capital and long-term investment requirements,
necessitate that these earnings be distributed, an additional provision fortaxes may apply, which could materially affect
our future effective tax rate. During ﬁscal 2015, the Company distributed substantially all of the earnings of its US.
subsidiaries that were previously considered indeﬁnitely reinvested and recorded a tax liability of $247 million for
withholding taxes payable on this distribution. We currently do not foresee any event that would require us to distribute
any remaining undistributed earnings. For additional information, see Note 9 (Income Taxes) to our Consolidated
Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
As a matter of course, we are regularly audited by various taxing authorities, and sometimes these audits result
in proposed assessments where the ultimate resolution may result in us owing additional taxes. We establish tax
liabilities or reduce tax assets for uncertain tax positions when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are
appropriate and supportable under local tax law, we believe we may not succeed in realizing the tax benefit of certain
positions if challenged. In evaluating a tax position, we determine whether it is more likely than not that the position
will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the
technical merits of the position. Our estimate of the ultimate tax liability contains assumptions based on past
experiences, judgments about potential actions by taxing jurisdictions as well as judgments about the likely outcome
of issues that have been raised by taxing jurisdictions. The tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit
that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement. We evaluate these uncertain tax positions each
quarter and adjust the related tax liabilities or assets in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress
of a tax audit or the expiration of a statute of limitations. We believe the estimates and assumptions used to support
our evaluation of uncertain tax positions are reasonable. However, ﬁnal determinations of prior-year tax liabilities,
either by settlement with tax authorities or expiration of statutes of limitations, could be materially different from estimates
reflected in assets and liabilities and historical income tax provisions. The outcome of these ﬁnal determinations could
have a material effect on our income tax provision, net income, or cash ﬂows in the period in which that determination
is made. We believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax law and that we have adequately accounted for
uncertain tax positions.
Revenues by Segment/Operating Group
Our five reportable operating segments are our operating groups, which are Communications, Media &
Technology; Financial Services; Health & Public Service; Products; and Resources. Operating groups are managed
on the basis of net revenues because our management believes net revenues are a better indicator of operating group
performance than revenues. In addition to reporting net revenues by operating group, we also report net revenues by
two types of work: consulting and outsourcing, which represent the services sold by our operating groups. Consulting
net revenues, which include management and technology consulting and systems integration, reflect a ﬁnite, distinct
project or set of projects with a deﬁned outcome and typically a deﬁned set of specific deliverables. Outsourcing net
revenues typically reﬁect ongoing, repeatable services or capabilities provided to transition, run and/or manage
operations of client systems or business functions.
From time to time, our operating groups work together to sell and implement certain contracts. The resulting
revenues and costs from these contracts may be apportioned among the participating operating groups. Generally,
operating expenses for each operating group have similar characteristics and are subject to the same factors, pressures
and challenges. However, the economic environment and its effects on the industries served by our operating groups
affect revenues and operating expenses within our operating groups to differing degrees. The mix between consulting
and outsourcing is not uniform among our operating groups. Local currency fluctuations also tend to affect our operating
groups differently, depending on the geographic concentrations and locations of their businesses.
While we provide discussion about our results of operations below, we cannot measure how much of our revenue
growth in a particular period is attributable to changes in price or volume. Management does not track standard
measures of unit or rate volume. Instead, our measures of volume and price are extremely complex, as each of our
services contracts is unique, reflecting a customized mix of specific services that does not ﬁt into standard comparability
measurements. Revenue for our services is a function of the nature of each service to be provided, the skills required
and the outcome sought, as well as estimated cost, risk, contract terms and other factors.
33