Table of Contents
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
In the normal course of business and in conjunction with some client engagements, we have entered into
contractual arrangements through which we may be obligated to indemnify clients with respect to certain matters. To
date, we have not been required to make any significant payment under any of these arrangements. For further
discussion of these transactions, see Note 15 (Commitments and Contingencies) to our Consolidated Financial
Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncement
In August 2016, we early adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Update
(“ASU”) No. 2015-17, Balance Sheet Classiﬁcation of Deferred Taxes, which amends existing guidance on income
taxes to require the classification of all deferred tax assets and liabilities as non-current on the balance sheet. We
adopted this ASU using the retrospective method which required reclassiﬁcation of current deferred taxes as previously
reported on our August 31, 2015 Consolidated Balance Sheets to non-current, resulting in an increase to non-current
deferred tax assets of $816 million and a decrease to noncurrent deferred tax liabilities of $22 million.
New Accounting Pronouncements
On March 31, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting, which simpliﬁes the accounting for share-based payment transactions. The new guidance requires excess
tax beneﬁts and tax deﬁciencies to be recorded in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. In
addition, the ASU includes provisions that impact the classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and the
classiﬁcation of excess tax benefits on the cash ﬂow statements. We will early adopt the standard effective September
1, 2016. Following adoption, the primary impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements will be the recognition of
excess tax beneﬁts in the provision for income taxes rather than Additional paid-in capital, which will likely result in
increased volatility in the reported amounts of income tax expense and net income. We estimate this change will reduce
our ﬁscal 2017 effective tax rate by less than two percentage points. The actual impact of adopting this standard on
the effective tax rate will vary depending on our share price during ﬁscal 2017. Provisions of the new guidance related
to changes to classiﬁcation of excess tax beneﬁts in the cash flow statements are expected to be adopted retrospectively.
We are continuing to evaluate the impacts of the adoption of this guidance and our preliminary assessments are subject
to change.
On March 15, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-07, Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of
Accounting, which eliminates the requirement to retrospectively apply equity method accounting when an entity
increases ownership or influence in a previously held investment. The ASU will be effective for us beginning September
1, 2017, including interim periods in our ﬁscal year 2018. We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material
impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
On February 25, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases, which amends existing guidance to require
lessees to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations created by long-term
leases and to disclose additional quantitative and qualitative information about leasing arrangements. The ASU will
be effective for us beginning September 1, 2019, including interim periods in our ﬁscal year 2020, and allows for a
modiﬁed retrospective method upon adoption. We are assessing the impact of this ASU on our Consolidated Financial
Statements.
On January 5, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and
Financial Liabilities, which amends certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of
ﬁnancial instruments. The ASU will be effective for us beginning September 1, 2018, including interim periods in our
ﬁscal year 2019. We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial
Statements.
On May 28, 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09 (Accounting Standard Codiﬁcation 606), Revenue from
Contracts with Customers, which will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in US. GAAP. The core
principle of the ASU is that an entity should recognize revenue forthe transfer of goods or services equal to the amount
that it expects to be entitled to receive for those goods or services. The ASU requires additional disclosure about the
nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash ﬂows arising from customer contracts, including signiﬁcant
judgments and changes in judgments. The ASU will be effective for us beginning September 1, 2018, including interim
periods in our fiscal year 2019, and allows for both retrospective and modiﬁed retrospective methods of adoption. We
will adopt the guidance on September 1, 2018 and apply the modified retrospective method.We are assessing the
impact of this ASU on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
45