Table of Contents
Operating Groups
Our ﬁve operating groups are Accenture’s reporting segments and primary market channel, organized around
13 industry groups that serve clients globally in more than 40 industries. Our industry focus gives us an understanding
of industry evolution, business issues and applicable technologies, enabling us to deliver innovative solutions tailored
to each client or, as appropriate, more standardized capabilities to multiple clients. The operating groups assemble
integrated client engagement teams, which typically consist of industry experts, capability specialists and professionals
with local market knowledge. The operating groups have primary responsibility for building and sustaining long-term
client relationships; providing management and technology consulting services; working with the other parts of our
business to sell and deliver the full range of our services and capabilities; ensuring client satisfaction; and achieving
revenue and profitability objectives.
The following table shows the current organization of our ﬁve operating groups and their 13 industry groups. We
do not allocate total assets by operating group, although our operating groups do manage and control certain assets.
For certain historical ﬁnancial information regarding our operating groups (including certain asset information), as well
as ﬁnancial information by geography (including long-lived asset information), see Note 16 (Segment Reporting) to
our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
7 Operating Groups and Industry Groups 7
Communications, Media Health & 7
& Technology Financial Services Pub|ic Service Products Resources
- Communications - Banking & Capital - Health ° Consumer Goods, 0 Chemicals & Natural
- Electronics & High Tech Markets - Public Service Retail & Travel Resources
- Media&Entertainment 0 Insurance Services 0 Energy
0 Industrial 0 Utilities
0 Life Sciences
Communications, Media & Technology
Our Communications, Media & Technology operating group serves the communications, electronics, high
technology, media and entertainment industries. Professionals in this operating group help clients accelerate and
deliver digital transformation, enhance business results through industry-specific solutions and seize the opportunities
made possible by the convergence of communications, computing and content. Examples of our services include
helping clients run cost-effective operations, create business model innovations, introduce new products and services,
and digitally engage and entertain their customers. Our Communications, Media & Technology operating group
comprises the following industry groups:
- Our Communications industry group serves most of the world’s leading wireline, wireless, cable and satellite
communications service providers. This group represented approximately 49% of our Communications,
Media & Technology operating group’s net revenues in fiscal 2016.
- Our Electronics & High Tech industry group serves the information and communications technology,
software, semiconductor, consumer electronics, aerospace and defense, and medical equipment industries.
This group represented approximately 37% of our Communications, Media & Technology operating group’s
net revenues in fiscal 2016.
- Our Media& Entertainment industry group serves the broadcast, entertainment, print, publishing and
Internet/social media industries. This group represented approximately 14% of our Communications, Media &
Technology operating group’s net revenues in ﬁscal 2016.
Financial Services
Our Financial Services operating group serves the banking, capital markets and insurance industries.
Professionals in this operating group work with clients to address growth, cost and profitability pressures, industry
consolidation, regulatory changes and the need to continually adapt to new, digital technologies. We offer services
designed to help our clients increase cost efﬁciency, grow their customer base, manage risk and transform their
operations. Our Financial Services operating group comprises the following industry groups:
- Our Banking & Capital Markets industry group serves retail and commercial banks, mortgage lenders,
payment providers, investment banks, wealth and asset management ﬁrms, broker/dealers, depositories,
exchanges, clearing and settlement organizations, and other diversiﬁed financial enterprises. This group
represented approximately 72% of our Financial Services operating group’s net revenues in fiscal 2016.
- Our Insurance industry group serves property and casualty insurers, life insurers, reinsurance ﬁrms and
insurance brokers. This group represented approximately 28% of our Financial Services operating group’s
net revenues in fiscal 2016.
2