Table of Contents
which represents a coalition of member countries, is supporting changes to numerous long-standing tax principles
through its base erosion and proﬁt shifting project, which is focused on a number of issues, including the shifting of
proﬁts among affiliated entities located in different tax jurisdictions. Furthermore, a number of countries where we do
business, including the United States and many countries in the European Union, are considering changes in relevant
tax, accounting and other laws, regulations and interpretations, including changes to tax laws applicable to multinational
corporations. The increasingly complex global tax environment could have a material adverse effect on our effective
tax rate, results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition.
Although we expect to be able to rely on the tax treaty between the United States and Ireland, legislative or
diplomatic action could be taken, or the treaty may be amended in such a way, that would prevent us from being able
to rely on such treaty. Our inability to rely on the treaty would subject us to increased taxation or significant additional
expense. In addition, congressional proposals could change the definition of a US. person for US. federal income
tax purposes, which could also subject us to increased taxation. In addition, we could be materially adversely affected
by future changes in tax law or policy (or in their interpretation or enforcement) in Ireland or otherjurisdictions where
we operate, including theirtreaties with Ireland orthe United States. These changes could be exacerbated by economic,
budget or other challenges facing Ireland or these otherjurisdictions.
Our results of operations could be materially adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates.
Although we report our results of operations in US. dollars, a majority of our net revenues is denominated in
currencies otherthan the US. dollar. Unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have had an adverse
effect, and could in the future have a material adverse effect, on our results of operations.
Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in US. dollars, we must translate revenues,
expenses and income, as well as assets and liabilities, into US. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the
end of each reporting period. Therefore, changes in the value of the US. dollar against other currencies will affect our
net revenues, operating income and the value of balance-sheet items, including intercompany payables and
receivables, originally denominated in other currencies. These changes cause our growth in consolidated earnings
stated in US. dollars to be higher or lower than our growth in local currency when compared against other periods.
Our currency hedging programs, which are designed to partially offset the impact on consolidated earnings related to
the changes in value of certain balance sheet items, might not be successful. Additionally, some transactions and
balances may be denominated in currencies for which there is no available market to hedge.
As we continue to leverage our global delivery model, more of our expenses are incurred in currencies other
than those in which we bill for the related services. An increase in the value of certain currencies, such as the Indian
rupee or Philippine peso, against the currencies in which our revenue is recorded could increase costs for delivery of
services at off-shore sites by increasing labor and other costs that are denominated in local currency. Our contractual
provisions or cost management efforts might not be able to offset their impact, and our currency hedging activities,
which are designed to partially offset this impact, might not be successful. This could result in a decrease in the
proﬁtability of our contracts that are utilizing delivery center resources. Conversely, a decrease in the value of certain
currencies, such as the Indian rupee or Philippine peso, against the currencies in which our revenue is recorded could
place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to service providers that beneﬁt to a greater degree from such a
decrease and can, as a result, deliver services at a lower cost. In addition, our currency hedging activities are themselves
subject to risk. These include risks related to counterparty performance under hedging contracts, risks related to
ineffective hedges and risks related to currency ﬂuctuations. We also face risks that extreme economic conditions,
political instability, or hostilities or disasters of the type described below could impact or perhaps eliminate the underlying
exposures that we are hedging. Such an event could lead to losses being recognized on the currency hedges then in
place that are not offset by anticipated changes in the underlying hedge exposure.
Our business could be materially adversely affected if we incur legal liability.
We are subject to, and may become a party to, a variety of litigation or other claims and suits that arise from time
to time in the ordinary course of our business. Our business is subject to the risk of litigation involving current and
former employees, clients, alliance partners, subcontractors, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government
agencies or others through private actions, class actions, whistleblower claims, administrative proceedings, regulatory
actions or other litigation. Regardless of the merits of the claims, the cost to defend current and future litigation may
be significant, and such matters can be time-consuming and divert management’s attention and resources. The results
of litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse judgments or settlements in some or
all of these legal disputes may result in materially adverse monetary damages, penalties or injunctive relief against
us. Any claims or litigation, even if fully indemniﬁed or insured, could damage our reputation and make it more difficult
to compete effectively or to obtain adequate insurance in the future.
14