Table of Contents
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
All of our market risk sensitive instruments were entered into for purposes other than trading.
Foreign Currency Risk
We are exposed to foreign currency risk in the ordinary course of business. We hedge material cash flow exposures
when feasible using fonNard contracts. These instruments are subject to ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates and credit risk. Credit risk is managed through careful selection and ongoing evaluation ofthe ﬁnancial institutions
utilized as counterparties.
Certain of these hedge positions are undesignated hedges of balance sheet exposures such as intercompany
loans and typically have maturities of less than one year. These hedges—primarily U.S. dollar/Indian rupee, US. dollar/
Euro, US. dollar/Japanese yen, U.S. dollar/U.K. pound, U.S. dollar/Brazilian real, U.S. dollar/Swiss franc, US. dollar/
Philippine peso and US. dollar/Non/vegian krone—are intended to offset remeasurement of the underlying assets and
liabilities. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded in Other expense, net in the Consolidated Income
Statement. Additionally, we have hedge positions that are designated cash flow hedges of certain intercompany charges
relating to our Global Delivery Network. These hedges—U.S. dollar/Indian rupee, U.S. dollar/Philippine peso, Euro/
Indian rupee, U.K. pound/Indian rupee and Japanese yen/Chinese yuan, which typically have maturities not exceeding
three years—are intended to partially offset the impact of foreign currency movements on future costs relating to
resources supplied by our Global Delivery Network. For additional information, see Note 7 (Derivative Financial
Instruments) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
For designated cash flow hedges, gains and losses currently recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss
will be reclassiﬁed into earnings at the time when certain anticipated intercompany charges are accrued as Cost of
services. As of August 31, 2016, it was anticipated that approximately $61 million of net gains, net of tax, currently
recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss will be reclassiﬁed into Cost of services within the next 12 months.
We use sensitivity analysis to determine the effects that market foreign currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations may
have on the fair value of our hedge portfolio. The sensitivity of the hedge portfolio is computed based on the market
value of future cash ﬂows as affected by changes in exchange rates. This sensitivity analysis represents the hypothetical
changes in value of the hedge position and does not reflect the offsetting gain or loss on the underlying exposure. A
10% change in the levels of foreign currency exchange rates against the US. dollar (or other base currency of the
hedge if not a US. dollar hedge) with all other variables held constant would have resulted in a change in the fair value
of our hedge instruments of approximately $328 million and $305 million as ofAugust 31 , 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Interest Rate Risk
The interest rate risk associated with our borrowing and investing activities as of August 31, 2016 is not material
in relation to our consolidated ﬁnancial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows. While we may do so in the future,
we have not used derivative financial instruments to alter the interest rate characteristics of our investment holdings
or debt instruments.
Other Market Risk
The privately held companies in which we invest are often in a start-up or development stage, which is inherently
risky. The technologies or products these companies have under development are typically in the early stages and
may never materialize, which could result in a loss of a substantial part of our investment in these companies. The
evaluation of privately held companies is based on information that we request from these companies, which is not
subject to the same disclosure regulations as US. publicly traded companies, and as such, the basis for these
evaluations is subject to the timing and accuracy of the data received from these companies. We have minimal exposure
on our long-term investments in privately held companies as these investments were insignificant as of August 31,
2016.
Equity Price Risk
The equity price risk associated with our marketable equity securities that are subject to market price volatility is
not material in relation to our consolidated ﬁnancial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and ﬁnancial statements commencing on page F-1, which
are incorporated herein by reference.
46