Table of Contents
of Accenture Holdings plc ordinary shares and Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares outstanding.
Class X ordinary shares are not transferable without the consent of Accenture plc.
Atransfer of Accenture plc Class Aordinary shares effected by transfer of a book-entry interest in The Depository
Trust Company will not be subject to Irish stamp duty. Other transfers of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares may
be subject to Irish stamp duty (currently at the rate of 1% of the price paid or the market value of the Class A ordinary
shares acquired, if higher) payable by the buyer.
Accenture Holdings plc Ordinary and Deferred Shares
Only Accenture plc, Accenture Holdings plc, Accenture International S.a.r.l. and certain current and former
members of Accenture Leadership and their permitted transferees hold Accenture Holdings plc ordinary shares. Each
ordinary share entitles its holder to one vote on all matters submitted to the shareholders of Accenture Holdings plc
and entitles its holder to dividends and liquidation payments. As of October 14, 2016, Accenture plc holds a voting
interest of approximately 96% of the aggregate outstanding Accenture Holdings plc ordinary shares entitled to vote,
with the remaining 4% of the voting interest held by certain current and former members of Accenture Leadership and
their permitted transferees.
Only Accenture plc beneficially holds Accenture Holdings plc deferred shares. The deferred shares were issued
solely to ensure that Accenture Holdings plc satisﬁes Irish law minimum share capital requirements for public limited
companies at all times and carry no voting rights or income rights and have only limited rights on a return of capital
equal to the nominal value of those shares.
Holders of ordinary shares of Accenture Holdings plc have the ability, subject to the restrictions on redemption
contained in Accenture Holdings plc’s articles of association and the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (the “Companies
Act”) and any contractual restrictions on redemption that may be applicable to a holder, to require that Accenture
Holdings plc redeem all or a portion of such holder’s ordinary shares ofAccenture Holdings plc. In that case, Accenture
Holdings plc is obligated, subject to the availability of distributable reserves, to redeem any such ordinary shares of
Accenture Holdings plc. The redemption price per share generally equals the average of the high and low sale prices
of a Class Aordinary share of Accenture plc as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on the trading day on which
Accenture Holdings plc receives an irrevocable notice of redemption from a holder of ordinary shares of Accenture
Holdings plc if received prior to close of trading for that day, or on the following trading day if Accenture Holdings plc
receives the irrevocable notice of redemption later than the close of trading on that day. Accenture Holdings plc may,
at its option, pay the redemption price in cash or by instructing Accenture plc to deliver Class A ordinary shares on a
one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for dividends and share splits. In order to maintain Accenture plc’s economic
interest in Accenture Holdings plc, Accenture plc generally will acquire additional Accenture Holdings plc ordinary
shares each time additional Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares are issued.
Except in the case of a redemption of Accenture Holdings plc ordinary shares or a transfer of Accenture Holdings
plc ordinary shares to Accenture plc or one of its subsidiaries, Accenture Holdings plc’s articles of association provide
that Accenture Holdings plc ordinary shares may be transferred only with the consent of the Board of Directors of
Accenture Holdings plc. In addition, all holders of ordinary shares (except Accenture plc) are precluded from having
their shares redeemed byAccenture Holdings plc ortransferred to Accenture Holdings plc, Accenture plc or a subsidiary
of Accenture plc at any time or during any period when Accenture Holdings plc determines, based on the advice of
counsel, that there is material non-public information that may affect the average price per share of Accenture plc
Class A ordinary shares, if the redemption would be prohibited by applicable law or regulation, or during the period
from the announcement of a tender offer by Accenture Holdings plc or its afﬁliates forAccenture Holdings plc ordinary
shares, or any securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, ordinary shares, until the expiration of
ten business days after the termination of the tender offer (other than to tender the holder’s Accenture Holdings plc
ordinary shares in the tender offer).
Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. Exchangeable Shares
Holders of Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares may exchange their shares for Accenture plc
Class A ordinary shares at any time on a one-for-one basis. Accenture may, at its option, satisfy this exchange with
cash at a price per share generally equal to the market price of an Accenture plc Class A ordinary share at the time of
the exchange. Each exchangeable share of Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. entitles its holder to receive distributions
equal to any distributions to which an Accenture plc Class A ordinary share entitles its holder. The exchange of all of
the outstanding Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares forAccenture plc Class Aordinary shares would
not have a material impact on the equity ownership position of Accenture or the other shareholders of Accenture
Holdings plc.
8