Table of Contents
solutions, our results of operations, and our ability to develop and maintain a competitive advantage and to execute
on our growth strategy could be negatively affected.
We operate in a rapidly evolving environment in which there currently are, and we expect will continue to be, new
technology entrants. New services or technologies offered by competitors or new entrants may make our offerings
less differentiated or less competitive when compared to other alternatives, which may adversely affect our results of
operations. In addition, companies in the industries we serve sometimes seek to achieve economies of scale and other
synergies by combining with or acquiring other companies. If one of our current clients merges or consolidates with a
company that relies on another provider for the services and solutions we offer, we may lose work from that client or
lose the opportunity to gain additional work if we are not successful in generating new opportunities from the merger
or consolidation. At any given time in a particular industry or geography, one or a small number of clients could contribute
a significant portion of our revenues, and any decision by such a client to delay, reduce, or eliminate spending on our
services and solutions could have a disproportionate impact on the results of operations in the relevant industry and/
or geography.
Many of our consulting contracts are less than 12 months in duration, and these contracts typically permit a client
to terminate the agreement with as little as 30 days’ notice. Longer-term, larger and more complex contracts, such as
the majority of our outsourcing contracts, generally require a longer notice period for termination and often include an
early termination charge to be paid to us, but this charge might not be sufﬁcient to cover our costs or make up for
anticipated ongoing revenues and proﬁts lost upon termination of the contract. Many of our contracts allow clients to
terminate, delay, reduce or eliminate spending on the services and solutions we provide. Additionally, a client could
choose not to retain us for additional stages of a project, try to renegotiate the terms of its contract or cancel or delay
additional planned work. When contracts are terminated or not renewed, we lose the anticipated revenues, and it may
take significant time to replace the level of revenues lost. Consequently, our results of operations in subsequent periods
could be materially lowerthan expected. The speciﬁc business or financial condition of a client, changes in management
and changes in a client’s strategy are also all factors that can result in terminations, cancellations or delays.
If we are unable to keep our supply of skills and resources in balance with client demand around the world
and attract and retain professionals with strong leadership skills, our business, the utilization rate of our
professionals and our results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
Our success is dependent, in large part, on our ability to keep our supply of skills and resources in balance with
client demand around the world and our ability to attract and retain personnel with the knowledge and skills to lead
our business globally. Experienced personnel in our industry are in high demand, and competition for talent is intense.
We must hire, retain and motivate appropriate numbers of talented people with diverse skills in order to serve clients
across the globe, respond quickly to rapid and ongoing technology, industry and macroeconomic developments and
grow and manage our business. For example, if we are unable to hire or continually train our employees to keep pace
with the rapid and continuing changes in technology and the industries we serve or changes in the types of services
and solutions clients are demanding, we may not be able to develop and deliver new services and solutions to fulfill
client demand. As we expand our services and solutions, we must also hire and retain an increasing number of
professionals with different skills and professional expectations than those of the professionals we have historically
hired and retained. Additionally, if we are unable to successfully integrate, motivate and retain these professionals,
our ability to continue to secure work in those industries and for our services and solutions may suffer.
We are particularly dependent on retaining members ofAccenture Leadership and other experienced managers,
and if we are unable to do so, our ability to develop new business and effectively manage our current contracts and
client relationships could bejeopardized. We depend on identifying, developing and retaining key employees to provide
leadership and direction for our businesses. This includes developing talent and leadership capabilities in emerging
markets, where the depth of skilled employees is often limited and competition for these resources is intense. Our
ability to expand geographically depends, in large part, on our ability to attract, retain and integrate both leaders for
the local business and people with the appropriate skills.
Similarly, our proﬁtability depends on our ability to effectively utilize personnel with the right mix of skills and
experience to perform services for our clients, including our ability to transition employees to new assignments on a
timely basis. If we are unable to effectively deploy our employees globally on a timely basis to fulﬁll the needs of our
clients, our profitability could suffer. If the utilization rate of our professionals is too high, it could have an adverse effect
on employee engagement and attrition, the quality of the work performed as well as our ability to staff projects. If our
utilization rate is too low, our profitability and the engagement of our employees could suffer. The costs associated
with recruiting and training employees are signiﬁcant. An important element of our global business model is the
deployment of our employees around the world, which allows us to move talent as needed. Therefore, if we are not
able to deploy the talent we need because of increased regulation of immigration or work visas, including limitations
10