Table of Contents
ACCENTURE PLC
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (continued)
(In thousands of US. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)
Revenues before reimbursements (“net revenues”) include the margin earned on computer hardware, software
and related services resale, as well as revenues from alliance agreements. Reimbursements include billings for travel
and other out-of—pocket expenses and third-party costs, such as the cost of hardware, software and related services
resales. In addition, Reimbursements include allocations from gross billings to record an amount equivalent to
reimbursable costs, where billings do not specifically identify reimbursable expenses. The Company reports revenues
net of any revenue-based taxes assessed by governmental authorities that are imposed on and concurrent with speciﬁc
revenue-producing transactions.
Employee Share-Based Compensation Arrangements
Share-based compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period for awards of equity
instruments to employees based on the grant date fair value of those awards expected to ultimately vest. Forfeitures
are estimated on the date of grant and revised if actual or expected forfeiture activity differs materially from original
estimates.
Income Taxes
The Company calculates and provides for income taxes in each of the tax jurisdictions in which it operates.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities, measured using enacted tax rates, are recognized for the future tax consequences
of temporary differences between the tax and ﬁnancial statement bases of assets and liabilities. Avaluation allowance
reduces the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. The Company establishes
liabilities or reduces assets for uncertain tax positions when the Company believes those tax positions are not more
likely than not of being sustained if challenged. Each fiscal quarter, the Company evaluates these uncertain tax positions
and adjusts the related tax assets and liabilities in light of changing facts and circumstances.
Translation of Non-U.S. Currency Amounts
Assets and liabilities of non-U.S. subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the US. dollar are translated into
US. dollars at fiscal year—end exchange rates. Revenue and expense items are translated at average foreign currency
exchange rates prevailing during the ﬁscal year. Translation adjustments are included in Accumulated other
comprehensive loss. Gains and losses arising from intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term
investment nature are reported in the same manner as translation adjustments.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of all cash balances and liquid investments with original maturities of three
months or less, including certificates of deposit and time deposits. Cash and cash equivalents also include restricted
cash of $45,478 and $45,935 as of August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which primarily relates to cash held to
meet certain insurance requirements. As a result of certain subsidiaries’ cash management systems, checks issued
but not presented to the banks for payment may create negative book cash balances. Such negative balances are
classiﬁed as Current portion of long term debt and bank borrowings.
Client Receivables, Unbilled Services and Allowances
The Company records its client receivables and unbilled services at their face amounts less allowances. On a
periodic basis, the Company evaluates its receivables and unbilled services and establishes allowances based on
historical experience and other currently available information. As of August 31, 2016 and 2015, total allowances
recorded for client receivables and unbilled services were $79,440 and $70,165, respectively. The allowance reflects
the Company’s best estimate of collectibility risks on outstanding receivables and unbilled services. In limited
circumstances, the Company agrees to extend financing to certain clients. The terms vary by contract, but generally
payment for services is contractually linked to the achievement of specified performance milestones.
F- 12