Table of Contents
ACCENTURE PLC
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (continued)
(In thousands of US. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)
15. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Commitments
The Company has the right to purchase or may also be required to purchase substantially all of the remaining
outstanding shares of its Avanade Inc. subsidiary (“Avanade”) not owned by the Company at fair value if certain events
occur. Certain holders of Avanade common stock and options to purchase the stock have put rights that, under certain
circumstances and conditions, would require Avanade to redeem shares of its stock at fair value. As of August 31,
2016 and 2015, the Company has reflected the fair value of $54,221 and $79,023, respectively, related to Avanade’s
redeemable common stock and the intrinsic value of the options on redeemable common stock in Other accrued
liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Indemnifications and Guarantees
In the normal course of business and in conjunction with certain client engagements, the Company has entered
into contractual arrangements through which it may be obligated to indemnify clients with respect to certain matters.
These arrangements with clients can include provisions whereby the Company has joint and several liability in relation
to the performance of certain contractual obligations along with third parties also providing services and products for
a specific project. In addition, the Company’s consulting arrangements may include warranty provisions that the
Company’s solutions will substantially operate in accordance with the applicable system requirements. Indemniﬁcation
provisions are also included in arrangements under which the Company agrees to hold the indemniﬁed party harmless
with respect to third-party claims related to such matters as title to assets sold or licensed or certain intellectual property
rights.
Typically, the Company has contractual recourse against third parties for certain payments made by the Company
in connection with arrangements where third-party nonperformance has given rise to the client’s claim. Payments by
the Company under any of the arrangements described above are generally conditioned on the client making a claim,
which may be disputed by the Company typically under dispute resolution procedures speciﬁed in the particular
arrangement. The limitations of liability under these arrangements may be expressly limited or may not be expressly
speciﬁed in terms of time and/or amount.
As of August 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company’s aggregate potential liability to its clients for expressly limited
guarantees involving the performance of third parties was approximately $749,000 and $655,000, respectively, of
which all but approximately $113,000 and $43,000, respectively, may be recovered from the other third parties if the
Company is obligated to make payments to the indemniﬁed parties as a consequence of a performance default by the
other third parties. For arrangements with unspecified limitations, the Company cannot reasonably estimate the
aggregate maximum potential liability, as it is inherently difﬁcult to predict the maximum potential amount of such
payments, due to the conditional nature and unique facts of each particular arrangement.
To date, the Company has not been required to make any significant payment under any of the arrangements
described above. The Company has assessed the current status of performance/payment risk related to arrangements
with limited guarantees, warranty obligations, unspecified limitations and/or indemniﬁcation provisions and believes
that any potential payments would be immaterial to the Consolidated Financial Statements, as a whole.
Legal Contingencies
As ofAugust 31 , 2016, the Company or its present personnel had been named as a defendant in various litigation
matters. The Company and/or its personnel also from time to time are involved in investigations by various regulatory
or legal authorities concerning matters arising in the course of its business around the world. Based on the present
status of these matters, management believes the range of reasonably possible losses in addition to amounts accrued,
net of insurance recoveries, will not have a material effect on the Company’s results of operations or financial condition.
F- 38