Table of Contents
ACCENTURE PLC
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (continued)
(In thousands of US. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)
Concentrations of Credit Risk
The Company’s financial instruments, consisting primarily of cash and cash equivalents, foreign currency
exchange rate instruments, client receivables and unbilled services, are exposed to concentrations of credit risk. The
Company places its cash and cash equivalents and foreign exchange instruments with highly-rated financial institutions,
limits the amount of credit exposure with any one ﬁnancial institution and conducts ongoing evaluations of the credit
worthiness of the ﬁnancial institutions with which it does business. Client receivables are dispersed across many
different industries and countries; therefore, concentrations of credit risk are limited.
Investments
All liquid investments with an original maturity greater than three months but less than one year are considered
to be short-term investments. Non-current investments are primarily non-marketable equity securities of privately held
companies and are accounted for using either the equity or cost methods of accounting, in accordance with the
requirements of Accounting Standards Codification 323, Investments—Equity Method and Joint Ventures. Marketable
securities are classified as available-for-sale investments and reported at fair value with changes in unrealized gains
and losses recorded as a separate component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss until realized. Interest and
amortization of premiums and discounts for debt securities are included in Interest income.
Cost method investments are periodically assessed for other-than-temporary impairment. For investments in
privately held companies, if there are no identiﬁed events or circumstances that would have a significant adverse effect
on the fair value of the investment, the fair value is not estimated. If an investment is deemed to have experienced an
other-than-temporary decline below its cost basis, the Company reduces the carrying amount of the investment to its
quoted or estimated fair value, as applicable, and establishes a new cost basis for the investment.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation of property and equipment
is computed on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives:
lComputers, related equipment and software 2 to 7 years ‘
Furniture and ﬁxtures 5 to 10 years
] Leasehold improvements Lesser of lease term or 15 years ‘
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of an acquired entity over the fair value of net assets
acquired. The Company reviews the recoverability of goodwill by reportable operating segment annually, or more
frequently when indicators of impairment exist. Based on the results of its annual impairment analysis, the Company
determined that no impairment existed as of August 31, 2016 and 2015, as each reportable operating segment’s
estimated fair value substantially exceeded its carrying value.
Long-Lived Assets
Long-lived assets, including deferred contract costs and identifiable intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets may
not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets or groups of assets is assessed based on a comparison of the
carrying amount to the estimated future net cash flows. If estimated future undiscounted net cash ﬂows are less than
the carrying amount, the asset is considered impaired and a loss is recorded equal to the amount required to reduce
the carrying amount to fair value.
Intangible assets with finite lives are generally amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated
economic useful lives, ranging from one to ﬁfteen years.
F- 13