Table of Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf on October 28, 2016 by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
ACCENTURE PLC
By: i/s/ PIERRE NANTERME 7
’Name: Pierre Nanterme 7
Title: Chief Executive Officer
POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby
constitutes and appoints Pierre Nanterme, David P. Rowland and Joel Unruch, and each of them, as his or her true
and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power to act with or without the others and with full power of substitution
and resubstitution, to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and
agents and each of them may deem necessary or desirable to enable the registrant to comply with the US. Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the US. Securities and Exchange
Commission thereunder in connection with the registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
August 31, 2016 (the “Annual Report”), including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, power
and authority to sign the name of the registrant and the name of the undersigned, individually and in his or her capacity
as a director or officer of the registrant, to the Annual Report as filed with the US. Securities and Exchange Commission,
to any and all amendments thereto, and to any and all instruments or documents ﬁled as part thereof or in connection
therewith; and each of the undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys and agents and each of
them shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on
October 28, 2016 by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated.
ﬁg nature Iitle
/s/ PIERRE NANTERME Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, Chairman ofthe Board and Director
Pierre Nanterme (principal executive officer)
7 /s/ DAVID P. ROWLAND 7 Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
David P. Rowland (principal financial officer)
/s/ RICHARD P. CLARK Chief Accounting Officer
Richard P. Clark (principal accounting ofﬁcer)
7 /s/ JAIME ARDILA 7 Director
* Jaime Ardila *
/s/ DINA DUBLON Director
Dina Dublon
53