Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Accenture plc:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Accenture plc and its subsidiaries (the
Company) as ofAugust 31,2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income,
shareholders’ equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the years in the three-year period ended August 31, 2016. We also
have audited Accenture plc’s internal control overfinancial reporting as ofAugust 31 , 2016, based on criteria established
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). Accenture plc’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting (Item 9A). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements
and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the ﬁnancial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the ﬁnancial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and signiﬁcant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall ﬁnancial
statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinions.
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of ﬁnancial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Acompany’s internal control overfinancial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and
fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of ﬁnancial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have
a material effect on the ﬁnancial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, the consolidated ﬁnancial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
ﬁnancial position ofAccenture plc and its subsidiaries as ofAugust 31 , 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations
and their cash ﬂows for each of the years in the three-year period ended August 31, 2016, in conformity with US.
generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, Accenture plc maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of August 31 , 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control
- Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
/s/ KPMG LLP
Chicago, Illinois
October 28, 2016
F- 2