STOCK LISTING to our operations, results of operations and
Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares are other matters that are based on our current
traded on the New York Stock Exchange under expectations, estimates, assumptions and
the symbol ACN. projections. Words such as "will," "expect,"
"believe" and similar ex ressions are used to
AVAILABLE INFORMATION . . p .
. . identify these forward-looking statements.
Our webSIte address is www.accenture.com.
. . . . These statements are not guarantees of future
We use our webSIte as a channel of distribution , , , ,
. . . performance and involve risks, uncertainties
for company information. We make available . . . .
. and assumptions that are difficult to predict.
free of charge on the Investor Relations ,
. . . Forward-looking statements are based upon
section of our webSIte (investor.accenture. .
assumptions as to future events that may
com) our Annual Report on Form 10-K,
not prove to be accurate. Actual outcomes
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current . . .
and results may differ materially from what is
Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments , ,
expressed or forecast in these forward-looking
to those reports as soon as reasonably . . .
. . . . statements. Risks, uncertainties and other
practicable after such material is electronically . .
, , , , , factors that might cause such differences,
filed With or furnished to the Securities and . . .
. . ,, ,, some of which could be material, include, but
Exchange Commissmn (the SEC ) pursuant . . . .
. . . are not limited to, the factors discussed in our
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
,, ,, Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly
Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). .
. . Reports on Form 10-Q (available through the
We also make available through our webSIte , , ,
. . . Investor Relations section of our webSIte at
other reports filed With or furnished to the SEC . .
. . investor.accenture.com) under the sections
under the Exchange Act, including our proxy , u , ,, ,
. . entitled Risk Factors. Our forward-looking
statements and reports filed by officers and .
. . statements speak only as of the date of this
directors under Section 16(a) of the Exchange
. . letter or as of the date they are made, and we
Act, as well as our Code of Busmess Ethics. . .
. . . . . undertake no obligation to update them.
FinanCIal and other material information
regarding Accenture is routinely posted on RECONCILIATION OF
and accessible at investor.accenture.com. NON-GAAP MEASURES
We do not intend for information contained This letter contains certain non-GAAP
in this letter or on our website to be part of (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles)
the Annual Report on Form 10-K. This letter measures that our management believes
and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the provide our shareholders with additional
fiscal year ended August 31, 2016, together insights into Accenture’s results of operations.
constitute Accenture’s annual report to The non-GAAP measures in this letter are
security holders for purposes of Rule 14a-3(b) supplemental in nature. They should not be
of the Exchange Act. considered in isolation or as alternatives to net
income as indicators of com an erformance,
TRADEMARK REFERENCES . p
. . to cash flows from operating actIVIties as
Rights to trademarks referenced herein, other . . . . .
. measures of liquidity, or to other finanCIal
than Accenture trademarks, belong to their , , , ,
res ective owners We disclaim r0 rietar information prepared in accordance With
. p . ' p p y GAAP. Reconciliations of this non-GAAP
interest in the marks and names of others. . . . . , . .
finanCIal information to Accenture s finanCIal
statements as re ared under GAAP are
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND included in thispleger
CERTAIN FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT '
OUR BUSINESS
We have included in this letter "forward-
looking statements” Within the meaning of
seCtlon 27A 0f the securities ACt Of 1933 All amounts throughout this letter are stated in
and Section 21E of the Exchange Act relating US dollars, except Where noted.
7