Table of Contents
or clients. By disrupting communications and travel and increasing the difficulty of obtaining and retaining highly skilled
and qualiﬁed personnel, these events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services and solutions
to our clients. Extended disruptions of electricity, other public utilities or network services at our facilities, as well as
system failures at, or security breaches in, our facilities or systems, could also adversely affect our ability to serve our
clients. We might be unable to protect our people, facilities and systems against all such occurrences. We generally
do not have insurance for losses and interruptions caused by terrorist attacks, conﬂicts and wars. If these disruptions
prevent us from effectively serving our clients, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
We could be subject to strict restrictions on the movement of cash and the exchange of foreign currencies. In
some countries, we could be subject to strict restrictions on the movement of cash and the exchange of foreign
currencies, which would limit our ability to use this cash across our global operations and expose us to more extreme
currency ﬂuctuations. This risk could increase as we continue our geographic expansion in key markets around the
world, which include emerging markets that are more likely to impose these restrictions than more established markets.
Our global operations expose us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal and regulatory requirements, and
violation of these regulations could harm our business. We are subject to numerous, and sometimes conflicting, legal
regimes on matters as diverse as anticorruption, import/export controls, content requirements, trade restrictions, tariffs,
taxation, sanctions, immigration, internal and disclosure control obligations, securities regulation, anti-competition,
anti-money-Iaundering, data privacy and protection, wage-and-hour standards, and employment and labor relations.
The global nature of our operations, including emerging markets where legal systems may be less developed or
understood by us, and the diverse nature of our operations across a number of regulated industries, further increase
the difﬁculty of compliance. Compliance with diverse legal requirements is costly, time-consuming and requires
significant resources. Violations of one or more of these regulations in the conduct of our business could result in
significant ﬁnes, criminal sanctions against us and/or our employees, prohibitions on doing business and damage to
our reputation. Violations of these regulations in connection with the performance of our obligations to our clients also
could result in liability for signiﬁcant monetary damages, ﬁnes and/or criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity and
other reputational damage and restrictions on our ability to effectively carry out our contractual obligations and thereby
expose us to potential claims from our clients. Due to the varying degrees of development of the legal systems of the
countries in which we operate, local laws may not be well developed or provide sufﬁciently clear guidance and may
be insufﬁcient to protect our rights.
In particular, in many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate and/or seek to expand, practices
in the local business community might not conform to international business standards and could violate anticorruption
laws, or regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act 2010. Our employees,
subcontractors, vendors, agents, alliance orjoint venture partners, the companies we acquire and their employees,
subcontractors, vendors and agents, and other third parties with which we associate, could take actions that violate
policies or procedures designed to promote legal and regulatory compliance or applicable anticorruption laws or
regulations. Violations of these laws or regulations by us, our employees or any of these third parties could subject us
to criminal or civil enforcement actions (whether or not we participated or knew about the actions leading to the
violations), including ﬁnes or penalties, disgorgement of proﬁts and suspension or disqualification from work, including
U.S. federal contracting, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, including our results of operations
and our reputation.
Changes in laws and regulations could also mandate signiﬁcant and costly changes to the way we implement
our services and solutions or could impose additional taxes on our services and solutions. For example, changes in
laws and regulations to limit using off-shore resources in connection with our work or to penalize companies that use
off-shore resources, which have been proposed from time to time in various jurisdictions, could adversely affect our
results of operations. Such changes may result in contracts being terminated or work being transferred on-shore,
resulting in greater costs to us. In addition, these changes could have a negative impact on our ability to obtain future
work from government clients.
Adverse changes to our relationships with key alliance partners or in the business of our key alliance partners
could adversely affect our results of operations.
We have alliances with companies whose capabilities complement our own. A very signiﬁcant portion of our
services and solutions are based on technology or software provided by a few major providers that are our alliance
partners. See “Business—Alliances.” The priorities and objectives of our alliance partners may differ from ours. As
most of our alliance relationships are non-exclusive, our alliance partners are not prohibited from competing with us
or forming closer or preferred arrangements with our competitors. One or more of our key alliance partners may be
acquired by a competitor, or key alliance partners might merge with each other, either of which could reduce our access
over time to the technology or software provided by those partners. In addition, our alliance partners could experience
reduced demand for their technology or software, including, for example, in response to changes in technology, which
18