Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements
and related Notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and analysis also contains
forward-looking statements and should also be read in conjunction with the disclosures and information contained in
“Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10—K.
We use the terms “Accenture, ” “we,” the “Company,” “our” and “us” in this report to refer to Accenture plc and its
subsidiaries. All references to years, unless othen/vise noted, refer to our ﬁscal year: which ends on August 31. For
example, a reference to “ﬁscal 2016” means the 12-month period that ended on August 31, 2016. All references to
quarters, unless otherwise noted, refer to the quarters of our ﬁscal year.
We use the term “in local currency” so that certain ﬁnancial results may be viewed without the impact of foreign
currency exchange rate fluctuations, thereby facilitating period-to-period comparisons of business performance.
Financial results “in local currency” are calculated by restating current period activity into U. S. dollars using the
comparable prior year period’s foreign currency exchange rates. This approach is used for all results where the
functional currency is not the U. S. dollar.
Overview
Revenues are driven by the ability of our executives to secure new contracts and to deliver services and solutions
that add value relevant to our clients’ current needs and challenges. The level of revenues we achieve is based on
our ability to deliver market-leading service offerings and to deploy skilled teams of professionals quickly and on a
global basis.
Our results of operations are affected by economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions and levels
of business conﬁdence. There continues to be signiﬁcant volatility and economic and geopolitical uncertainty in many
markets around the world, which may impact our business. We continue to monitor the impact of this volatility and
uncertainty and seek to manage our costs in order to respond to changing conditions. There also continues to be
significant volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. The majority of our net revenues are denominated in currencies
otherthan the US. dollar, including the Euro and the UK. pound. Unfavorable ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates have had and could have in the future a material effect on our ﬁnancial results.
Revenues before reimbursements (“net revenues”) for the fourth quarter of ﬁscal 2016 increased 8% in US.
dollars and 9% in local currency compared to the fourth quarter of ﬁscal 2015. Net revenues for ﬁscal 2016 increased
6% in US. dollars and 10% in local currency compared to ﬁscal 2015. Demand for our services and solutions continued
to be strong, resulting in growth across all areas of our business. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, revenue
growth in local currency was significant in Products and strong in Health & Public Service and Financial Services.
Communications, Media & Technology revenue growth in local currency was solid, while Resources was flat. Revenue
growth in local currency was very strong in consulting and solid in outsourcing during the fourth quarter of ﬁscal 2016.
While the business environment remained competitive, we experienced pricing improvement in several areas of our
business in fiscal 2016. We use the term “pricing” to mean the contract proﬁtability or margin on the work that we sell.
In our consulting business, net revenues for the fourth quarter of ﬁscal 2016 increased 11% in US. dollars and
13% in local currency compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. Net consulting revenues for ﬁscal 2016 increased
10% in US. dollars and 15% in local currency compared to ﬁscal 2015. Consulting revenue growth in local currency
in the fourth quarter of ﬁscal 2016 was led by very significant growth in Products, as well as strong growth in Financial
Services, Health & Public Service and Communications, Media & Technology, while Resources had a slight decline.
We continue to experience growing demand for digital-related services and assisting clients with the adoption of new
technologies. In addition, clients continued to be focused on initiatives designed to deliver cost savings and operational
efficiency, as well as projects to integrate their global operations and grow and transform their businesses. Compared
to ﬁscal 2015, we continued to provide a greater proportion of systems integration consulting through use of lower
cost resources in our Global Delivery Network. This trend has resulted in work volume growing faster than revenue in
our systems integration business, and we expect this trend to continue.
In our outsourcing business, net revenues for the fourth quarter of ﬁscal 2016 increased 4% in US. dollars and
6% in local currency compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. Net outsourcing revenues for ﬁscal 2016 increased
1% in US. dollars and 6% in local currency compared to ﬁscal 2015. Outsourcing revenue growth in local currency in
the fourth quarter of ﬁscal 2016 was driven by very strong growth in Health & Public Service as well as solid growth
in Products and Financial Services. We are experiencing growing demand to assist clients with cloud enablement and
the operation and maintenance of digital-related services. In addition, clients continue to be focused on transforming
28