Table of Contents
ACCENTURE PLC
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (continued)
(In thousands of US. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)
Employee Share Purchase Plan
2010 ESPP
The Amended and Restated Accenture plc 2010 Employee Share Purchase Plan (the “2010 ESPP”) is a
nonqualiﬁed plan that provides eligible employees of Accenture plc and its designated affiliates with an opportunity to
purchase Accenture plc Class Aordinary shares through payroll deductions. Under the 2010 ESPP, eligible employees
may purchase Accenture plc Class Aordinary shares through the Employee Share Purchase Plan (the “ESPP”) or the
Voluntary Equity Investment Program (the “VEIP”). Under the ESPP, eligible employees may elect to contribute 1%
to 10% of their eligible compensation during each semi-annual offering period (up to $7.5 per offering period) to
purchase Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares at a discount. Under the VEIP, eligible members of Accenture
Leadership may elect to contribute up to 30% oftheir eligible compensation towards the monthly purchase ofAccenture
plc ClassAordinary shares at fair market value. At the end of the VEIP program year, Accenture Leadership participants
who did not withdraw from the program will be granted restricted share units under the Amended 2010 SIP equal to
50% of the number of shares purchased during that year and held by the participant as of the grant date.
A maximum of 90,000,000 Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares may be issued under the 2010 ESPP. As of
August 31, 2016, the Company had issued 42,579,575 Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares under the 2010 ESPP.
The Company issued 5,850,113, 6,232,031 and 7,067,832 shares to employees in ﬁscal 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively, under the 2010 ESPP.
12. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Accenture plc
Ordinary Shares
The Company has 40,000 authorized ordinary shares, par value €1 per share. Each ordinary share of Accenture
plc entitles its holder to receive payments upon a liquidation of Accenture plc; however a holder of an ordinary share
is not entitled to vote on matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of Accenture plc or to receive dividends.
Class A Ordinary Shares
An Accenture plc Class A ordinary share entitles its holder to one vote per share, and holders of those shares
do not have cumulative voting rights. Each Class A ordinary share entitles its holder to a pro rata part of any dividend
at the times and in the amounts, if any, which Accenture plc’s Board of Directors from time to time determines to declare,
subject to any preferred dividend rights attaching to any preferred shares. Each Class A ordinary share is entitled on
a winding-up of Accenture plc to be paid a pro rata part of the value of the assets of Accenture plc remaining after
payment of its liabilities, subject to any preferred rights on liquidation attaching to any preferred shares.
Class X Ordinary Shares
An Accenture plc Class X ordinary share entitles its holder to one vote per share, and holders of those shares
do not have cumulative voting rights. A Class X ordinary share does not entitle its holder to receive dividends, and
holders of those shares are not entitled to be paid any amount upon a winding-up of Accenture plc. Most of the
Company’s partners who received Accenture SCA Class | common shares or Accenture Canada Holdings Inc.
exchangeable shares in connection with the Company’s transition to a corporate structure received a corresponding
number ofAccenture plc Class X ordinary shares. Accenture plc may redeem, at its option, any Class X ordinary share
for a redemption price equal to the par value of the Class X ordinary share. Accenture plc has separately agreed with
the original holders of Accenture Holdings plc ordinary shares and Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable
shares not to redeem any Class X ordinary share of such holder if the redemption would reduce the number of Class X
ordinary shares held by that holder to a number that is less than the number of Accenture Holdings plc ordinary shares
or Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares owned by that holder, as the case may be. Accenture plc
will redeem Class X ordinary shares upon the redemption or exchange of Accenture Holdings plc ordinary shares and
Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares so that the aggregate number of Class X ordinary shares
outstanding at anytime does not exceed the aggregate number ofAccenture Holdings plc ordinary shares and Accenture
Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares outstanding. Class X ordinary shares are not transferable without the
consent of Accenture plc.
F-34