Table of Contents
We could have liability or our reputation could be damaged if we fail to protect client and/orAccenture data
from security breaches or cyberattacks.
We are dependent on information technology networks and systems to securely process, transmit and store
electronic information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with our clients, alliance partners
and vendors. As the breadth and complexity of this infrastructure continues to grow, including as a result of the use of
mobile technologies, social media and cloud-based services, the potential risk of security breaches and cyberattacks
increases. Such breaches could lead to shutdowns or disruptions of our systems and potential unauthorized disclosure
of sensitive or conﬁdential information, including personal data.
In providing services and solutions to clients, we often manage, utilize and store sensitive or conﬁdential client
or Accenture data, including personal data, and we expect these activities to increase, including through the use of
analytics. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client orAccenture data, whetherthrough systems failure,
employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage our reputation, cause us to lose clients and could
result in significant financial exposure. Similarly, unauthorized access to or through our information systems or those
we develop for our clients, whether by our employees orthird parties, including a cyberattack by computer programmers,
hackers, members of organized crime and/or state-sponsored organizations, who may develop and deploy viruses or
other malicious software programs or social engineering attacks, could result in negative publicity, signiﬁcant
remediation costs, legal liability, damage to our reputation and government sanctions and could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations. Cybersecurity threats are constantly evolving, thereby increasing the diﬁiculty of
detecting and defending against them.
We are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as the national laws
implementing the European Union Directive on Data Protection (which will be replaced by the European Union General
Data Protection Regulation from 2018 onwards), various US. federal and state laws governing the protection of health
or other personally identiﬁable information and data privacy and cybersecurity laws in other regions. These laws and
regulations are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently and sometimes conflict among the various
countries in which we operate. If any person, including any of our employees, negligently disregards or intentionally
breaches our established controls with respect to client orAccenture data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates
that data, we could be subject to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, ﬁnes and/
or criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions. These monetary damages might not be subject to a contractual
limit of liability or an exclusion of consequential or indirect damages and could be significant. In addition, our liability
insurance, which includes cyber insurance, might not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related
to security breaches, cyberattacks and other related breaches.
Our profitability could materially suffer if we are unable to obtain favorable pricing for our services and
solutions, if we are unable to remain competitive, if our cost-management strategies are unsuccessful or if
we experience delivery inefficiencies.
Our proﬁtability is highly dependent on a variety of factors and could be materially impacted by any of the following:
Ourresults of operations could materially sufferif we are not able to obtain sufﬁcient pricing to meet ourproﬂtability
expectations. lfwe are not able to obtain favorable pricing for our services and solutions, our revenues and profitability
could materially suffer. The rates we are able to charge for our services and solutions are affected by a number of
factors, including:
- general economic and political conditions;
- our clients’ desire to reduce their costs;
- the competitive environment in our industry;
- our ability to accurately estimate our service delivery costs, upon which our pricing is sometimes determined,
includes our ability to estimate the impact of inflation and foreign exchange on our service delivery costs over
long-term contracts; and
- the procurement practices of clients and their use of third-party advisors.
Our proﬁtability could suffer if we are not able to remain competitive. The competitive environment in our industry
affects our ability to secure new contracts at our target economics in a number of ways, any of which could have a
material negative impact on our results of operations. The less we are able to differentiate our services and solutions
and/or clearly convey the value of our services and solutions, the more risk we have in winning new work in sufﬁcient
volumes and at our target pricing and overall economics. In addition, the introduction of new services or products by
competitors could reduce our ability to obtain favorable pricing and impact our overall economics for the services or
solutions we offer. Competitors may be willing, at times, to price contracts lower than us in an effort to enter the market
or increase market share.
12