Table of Contents
Health & Public Service
Our Health & Public Service operating group serves healthcare payers and providers, as well as government
departments and agencies, public service organizations, educational institutions and non-proﬁt organizations around
the world. The group’s research-based insights and offerings, including consulting services and digital solutions, are
designed to help clients deliver better social, economic and health outcomes to the people they serve. Our Health &
Public Service operating group comprises the following industry groups:
- Our Health industry group works with healthcare providers, such as hospitals, public health systems, policy-
making authorities, health insurers (payers), and industry organizations and associations around the world to
improve the quality, accessibility and productivity of healthcare. This group represented approximately 39%
of our Health & Public Service operating group’s net revenues in ﬁscal 2016.
- Our Public Service industry group helps governments transform the way they deliver public services and
engage with citizens. We work primarily with defense departments and military forces; public safety authorities,
such as police forces and border management agencies; justice departments; human services agencies;
educational institutions, such as universities; non-proﬁt organizations; and postal, customs, revenue and tax
agencies. Ourwork with clients in the US. federal government is delivered throughAccenture Federal Services,
a US. company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture LLP. Our Public Service industry group
represented approximately 61% of our Health & Public Service operating group’s net revenues in ﬁscal 2016.
Our work with clients in the US. federal government represented approximately 35% of our Health & Public
Service operating group’s net revenues in fiscal 2016.
Products
Our Products operating group serves a set of increasingly interconnected consumer-relevant industries. Our
offerings are designed to help clients transform their organizations and increase their relevance in the digital world.
We help clients enhance their performance in distribution and sales and marketing; in research and development and
manufacturing; and in business functions such as ﬁnance, human resources, procurement and supply chain while
leveraging technology. Our Products operating group comprises the following industry groups:
- Our Consumer Goods, Retail & Travel Services industry group serves food and beverage, household goods,
personal care, tobacco, fashion/apparel, agribusiness and consumer health companies; supermarkets,
hardline retailers, mass-merchandise discounters, department stores and specialty retailers; as well as airlines
and hospitality and travel services companies. This group represented approximately 55% of our Products
operating group’s net revenues in ﬁscal 2016.
- Our Industrial industry group works with automotive manufacturers and suppliers; freight and logistics
companies; industrial and electrical equipment, consumer durable and heavy equipment companies; and
construction and infrastructure management companies. This group represented approximately 24% of our
Products operating group’s net revenues in fiscal 2016.
- Our Life Sciences industry group serves pharmaceutical, medical technology and biotechnology companies.
This group represented approximately 21% of our Products operating group’s net revenues in ﬁscal 2016.
Resources
Our Resources operating group serves the chemicals, energy, forest products, metals and mining, utilities and
related industries. We work with clients to develop and execute innovative strategies, improve operations, manage
complex change initiatives and integrate digital technologies designed to help them differentiate themselves in the
marketplace, gain competitive advantage and manage their large-scale capital investments. Our Resources operating
group comprises the following industry groups:
- Our Chemicals & Natural Resources industry group works with a wide range of industry segments, including
petrochemicals, specialty chemicals, polymers and plastics, gases and agricultural chemicals, among others,
as well as the metals, mining, forest products and building materials industries. This group represented
approximately 28% of our Resources operating group’s net revenues in fiscal 2016.
- Our Energy industry group serves a wide range of companies in the oil and gas industry, including upstream,
downstream, oil services and new energy companies. This group represented approximately 29% of our
Resources operating group’s net revenues in fiscal 2016.
- Our Utilities industry group works with electric, gas and water utilities around the world. This group represented
approximately 43% of our Resources operating group’s net revenues in fiscal 2016.
3