Table of Contents
incremental compliance costs, fail to meet our public reporting requirements on a timely basis, be unable to properly
report on our business and our results of operations, or be required to restate our financial statements, and our results
of operations, our share price and our ability to obtain new business could be materially adversely affected.
We are incorporated in Ireland and a significant portion of our assets are located outside the United States.
As a result, it might not be possible for shareholders to enforce civil liability provisions of the federal or state
securities laws of the United States. We may also be subject to criticism and negative publicity related to our
incorporation in Ireland.
We are organized under the laws of Ireland, and a signiﬁcant portion of our assets are located outside the United
States. A shareholder who obtains a court judgment based on the civil liability provisions of US. federal or state
securities laws may be unable to enforce thejudgment against us in Ireland or in countries other than the United States
where we have assets. In addition, there is some doubt as to whether the courts of Ireland and other countries would
recognize or enforcejudgments of US. courts obtained against us or our directors or ofﬁcers based on the civil liabilities
provisions of the federal or state securities laws of the United States or would hear actions against us or those persons
based on those laws. We have been advised that the United States and Ireland do not currently have a treaty providing
for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement ofjudgments in civil and commercial matters. The laws of Ireland do,
however, as a general rule, provide that the judgments of the courts of the United States have the same validity in
Ireland as if rendered by Irish Courts. Certain important requirements must be satisfied before the Irish Courts will
recognize a US. judgment. The originating court must have been a court of competentjurisdiction, the judgment must
be ﬁnal and conclusive and the judgment may not be recognized if it was obtained by fraud or its recognition would
be contrary to Irish public policy. Any judgment obtained in contravention of the rules of natural justice or that is
irreconcilable with an earlier foreign judgment would not be enforced in Ireland. Similarly, judgments might not be
enforceable in countries other than the United States where we have assets.
Some companies that conduct substantial business in the United States but which have a parent domiciled in
certain other jurisdictions have been criticized as improperly avoiding U.S. taxes or creating an unfair competitive
advantage over other US. companies. Accenture never conducted business under a US. parent company and pays
U.S. taxes on all of its US. operations. Nonetheless, we could be subject to criticism in connection with our incorporation
in Ireland.
Irish law differs from the laws in effect in the United States and might afford less protection to shareholders.
Our shareholders could have more difﬁculty protecting their interests than would shareholders of a corporation
incorporated in a jurisdiction of the United States. As an Irish company, we are governed by the Companies Act. The
Companies Act differs in some significant, and possibly material, respects from laws applicable to US. corporations
and shareholders under various state corporation laws, including the provisions relating to interested directors, mergers
and acquisitions, takeovers, shareholder lawsuits and indemniﬁcation of directors.
Under Irish law, the duties of directors and officers of a company are generally owed to the company only.
Shareholders of Irish companies do not generally have rights to take action against directors or officers of the company
under Irish law, and may only do so in limited circumstances. Directors of an Irish company must, in exercising their
powers and performing their duties, act with due care and skill, honestly and in good faith with a view to the best
interests of the company. Directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position in which their duties to the company
and their personal interests might conﬂict and also are under a duty to disclose any personal interest in any contract
or arrangement with the company or any of its subsidiaries. If a director or ofﬁcer of an Irish company is found to have
breached his duties to that company, he could be held personally liable to the company in respect of that breach of
duty.
Under Irish law, we must have authority from our shareholders to issue any shares, including shares that are
part of the company’s authorized but unissued share capital. In addition, unless othenNise authorized by its
shareholders, when an Irish company issues shares for cash to new shareholders, it is required first to offer those
shares on the same or more favorable terms to existing shareholders on a pro-rata basis. If we are unable to obtain
these authorizations from our shareholders, or are othenNise limited by the terms of our authorizations, our ability to
issue shares under our equity compensation plans and, if applicable, to facilitate funding acquisitions or othenNise
raise capital could be adversely affected.
We might be unable to access additional capital on favorable terms or at all. If we raise equity capital, it may
dilute our shareholders’ ownership interest in us.
We might choose to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings in order to:
- take advantage of opportunities, including more rapid expansion;
21