Table of Contents
margin by 20 basis points for fiscal 2015. Excluding the effect of the Pension settlement charge, operating margin for
ﬁscal 2015 would have been 14.5%.
During fiscal 2016, we recorded a $548 million gain on sale of business and $56 million in taxes related to the
divestiture of our Navitaire business, as well as a $301 million gain on sale of business and $48 million in taxes related
to the partial divestiture of our Duck Creek business. For additional information, see Note 5 (Business Combinations
and Divestitures) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data.”
The effective tax rate for fiscal 2016 was 22.4%, compared with 25.8% for fiscal 2015. Absent the $849 million
Gain on sale of businesses and related $104 million in taxes recorded during fiscal 2016, our effective tax rate for
ﬁscal 2016 would have been 24.2%. Absent the $64 million Pension settlement charge and related $25 million in taxes
recorded during fiscal 2015, our effective tax rate for ﬁscal 2015 would have been 26.0%.
Diluted earnings per share were $6.45 for ﬁscal 2016, compared with $4.76 for fiscal 2015. The Gain on sale of
businesses, net of taxes, recorded during fiscal 2016 increased Diluted earnings per share by $1.11 in fiscal 2016.
The Pension settlement charge, net of taxes, recorded during fiscal 2015 decreased Diluted earnings per share by
$0.06 in ﬁscal 2015. Excluding these impacts, Diluted earnings per share would have been $5.34 and $4.82 for fiscal
2016 and 2015, respectively.
We have presented Operating income, operating margin, effective tax rate and Diluted earnings per share
excluding the impacts of the ﬁscal 2016 Gain on sale of businesses and the ﬁscal 2015 Pension settlement charge,
as we believe doing so facilitates understanding as to both the impacts of these items and our operating performance
in comparison to the prior period.
Our Operating income and Diluted earnings per share are affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations on
revenues and costs. Most of our costs are incurred in the same currency as the related net revenues. Where practical,
we seek to manage foreign currency exposure for costs not incurred in the same currency as the related net revenues,
such as the cost of our Global Delivery Network, by using currency protection provisions in our customer contracts
and through our hedging programs. We seek to manage our costs, taking into consideration the residual positive and
negative effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on those costs. For more information on our hedging programs,
see Note 7 (Derivative Financial Instruments) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data.”
Bookings and Backlog
New bookings for the fourth quarter of ﬁscal 2016 were $8.99 billion, with consulting bookings of $4.81 billion
and outsourcing bookings of $4.18 billion. New bookings for fiscal 2016 were $35.39 billion, with consulting bookings
of $19.16 billion and outsourcing bookings of $16.23 billion.
We provide information regarding our new bookings, which include new contracts, including those acquired
through acquisitions, as well as renewals, extensions and changes to existing contracts, because we believe doing
so provides useful trend information regarding changes in the volume of our new business over time. New bookings
can vary signiﬁcantly quarter to quarter depending in part on the timing of the signing of a small number of large
outsourcing contracts. The types of services and solutions clients are demanding and the pace and level of their
spending may impact the conversion of new bookings to revenues. For example, outsourcing bookings, which are
typically for multi-year contracts, generally convert to revenue over a longer period of time compared to consulting
bookings. Information regarding our new bookings is not comparable to, nor should it be substituted for, an analysis
of our revenues over time. New bookings involve estimates and judgments. There are no third-party standards or
requirements governing the calculation of bookings. We do not update our new bookings for material subsequent
terminations or reductions related to bookings originally recorded in prior fiscal years. New bookings are recorded
using then-existing foreign currency exchange rates and are not subsequently adjusted for foreign currency exchange
rate fluctuations.
The majority of our contracts are terminable by the client on short notice, and some without notice. Accordingly,
we do not believe it is appropriate to characterize bookings attributable to these contracts as backlog. Normally, if a
client terminates a project, the client remains obligated to pay for commitments we have made to third parties in
connection with the project, services performed and reimbursable expenses incurred by us through the date of
termination.
30