Table of Contents
salesforce.com, Workday, Pegasystems and many others, to enhance the value that we and our clients realize
from the technology ecosystem.
Accenture Operations
Accenture Operations provides business process services, infrastructure services, security services and cloud
services, including the Accenture Cloud Platform. We operate infrastructure and business processes on behalf of
clients, increasingly on an as-a-service basis, to help improve their productivity and performance.
- Business Process Services. We offer services for specific business functions, such as ﬁnance and
accounting, procurement, marketing, human resources and learning, as well as industry-speciﬁc services,
such as credit and health services. We provide these services on a global basis and across industry sectors
through our Global Delivery Network.
- Infrastructure and Cloud Services. We provide infrastructure and security design, implementation and
operation services to help organizations take advantage of innovative technologies and improve the efﬁciency
and effectiveness of their existing technology. Our solutions help clients optimize their IT infrastructures—
whether on-premise, in the cloud or a hybrid of the two.
Global Delivery Model
A key differentiator is our global delivery model, which allows us to draw on the benefits of using people and
other resources from around the world—including scalable, standardized processes, methods and tools; automation
and artiﬁcial intelligence; industry expertise and specialized capabilities; cost advantages; foreign language fluency;
proximity to clients; and time zone advantages—to deliver high-quality solutions. Emphasizing quality, productivity,
reduced risk, speed to market and predictability, our global delivery model supports all parts of our business to provide
clients with price-competitive services and solutions.
Our Global Delivery Network continues to be a competitive differentiator for us. As of August 31, 2016, we had
approximately 285,000 professionals in our network globally in more than 50 delivery centers around the world, as
well as Accenture ofﬁces and client locations.
Alliances
We have sales and delivery alliances with companies whose capabilities complement our own by, among other
things, enhancing a service offering, delivering a new technology or helping us extend our services to new geographies.
By combining our alliance partners’ products and services with our own capabilities and expertise, we create innovative,
high-value business solutions for our clients. Most of our alliances are non-exclusive. These alliances can generate
significant revenues from services we provide to implement our alliance partners’ products as well as revenue from
the resale of their products. We also receive as reimbursement some direct payments, which are not material to our
business, from our alliance partners to cover costs we incur for marketing and other assistance.
Research and Innovation
We are committed to developing leading-edge ideas. Research and innovation, which is a component of our
overall investment in our business, have been major factors in our success, and we believe they will help us continue
to grow in the future. We use our investment in research and development—on which we spent $643 million, $626
million and $640 million in ﬁscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively—to help create, commercialize and disseminate
innovative business strategies and technology solutions. We spend a significant portion of our research and
development investment to develop market-ready solutions for our clients.
Our research and innovation program is designed to generate early insights into how knowledge can be harnessed
to create innovative business solutions for our clients and to develop business strategies with signiﬁcant value. Our
innovation capabilities include research and thought leadership to identify market and technology trends. We also
partner with and invest in growth-stage companies that create innovative enterprise technologies. OurAccenture Labs
incubate and prototype new concepts through applied research and development projects. In addition, our studios,
innovation centers and delivery centers build, scale and industrialize the delivery of our innovations.
Employees
As a talent-led organization, one of our key goals is to have the best talent, with highly specialized skills in each
part of our business, at the right levels in the right locations, to enhance our differentiation and competitiveness. We
are deeply committed to the career development of our employees, who receive signiﬁcant and focused technical,
functional, industry, managerial and leadership skill development and training appropriate for their roles and levels
within the Company. We provide our people with expert content and opportunities to collaborate in a broad range of
5