Table of Contents
placed on the number of visas granted, limitations on the type of work performed or location in which the work can be
performed, and new or higher minimum salary requirements, it could be more difﬁcult to staff our employees on client
engagements and could increase our costs.
Our equity-based incentive compensation plans are designed to reward high-performing personnel for their
contributions and provide incentives for them to remain with us. If the anticipated value of such incentives does not
materialize because of volatility or lack of positive performance in our stock price, or if our total compensation package
is not viewed as being competitive, our ability to attract and retain the personnel we need could be adversely affected.
In addition, if we do not obtain the shareholder approval needed to continue granting equity awards under our share
plans in the amounts we believe are necessary, our ability to attract and retain personnel could be negatively affected.
There is a risk that at certain points in time, and in certain geographical regions, we will ﬁnd it difﬁcult to hire and
retain a sufficient number of employees with the skills or backgrounds to meet current and/or future demand. In these
cases, we might need to redeploy existing personnel or increase our reliance on subcontractors to fill certain labor
needs, and if not done effectively, our proﬁtability could be negatively impacted. Additionally, if demand for our services
and solutions were to escalate at a high rate, we may need to adjust our compensation practices, which could put
upward pressure on our costs and adversely affect our profitability if we are unable to recover these increased costs.
At certain times, however, we may also have more personnel than we need in certain skill sets or geographies or at
compensation levels that are not aligned with skill sets. In these situations, we have engaged, and may in the future
engage, in actions to rebalance our resources, including through reduced levels of new hiring and increased involuntary
terminations as a means to keep our supply of skills and resources in balance with client demand. If we are not
successful in these initiatives, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
The markets in which we compete are highly competitive, and we might not be able to compete effectiver
The markets in which we offer our services and solutions are highly competitive. Our competitors include:
- large multinational providers, including the services arms of large global technology providers (hardware,
equipment and software), that offer some or all of the services and solutions that we do;
- off-shore service providers in lower-cost locations, particularly in India, that offer services globally that are
similar to the services and solutions we offer;
- accounting ﬁrms that provide consulting and other services and solutions in areas that compete with us;
- niche solution or service providers or local competitors that compete with us in a specific geographic market,
industry segment or service area, including digital agencies and emerging start-ups and other companies that
can scale rapidly to focus on certain markets and provide new or alternative products, services or delivery
models; and
- in-house departments of large corporations that use their own resources, rather than engage an outside ﬁrm
for the types of services and solutions we provide.
Some competitors may have greater financial, marketing or other resources than we do and, therefore, may be
better able to compete for new work and skilled professionals, may be able to innovate and provide new services and
solutions faster than we can or may be able to anticipate the need for services and solutions before we do.
Even if we have potential offerings that address marketplace or client needs, competitors may be more successful
at selling similar services they offer, including to companies that are our clients. Some competitors are more established
in certain markets, and that may make executing our geographic expansion strategy in these markets more challenging.
Additionally, competitors may also offer more aggressive contractual terms, which may affect our ability to win work.
Our future performance is largely dependent on our ability to compete successfully in the markets we currently serve,
while expanding into additional markets. If we are unable to compete successfully, we could lose market share and
clients to competitors, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
In addition, we may face greater competition due to consolidation of companies in the technology sector through
strategic mergers or acquisitions. Consolidation activity may result in new competitors with greater scale, a broader
footprint or offerings that are more attractive than ours. Over time, our access to certain technology products and
services may be reduced as a result of this consolidation. Additionally, vertically integrated companies are able to offer
as a single provider more integrated services (software and hardware) to clients than we can in some cases and
therefore may represent a more attractive alternative to clients. If buyers of services favor using a single provider for
an integrated technology stack, such buyers may direct more business to such competitors, and this could materially
adversely affect our competitive position and our results of operations.
11