vote on the matter. That means that the advisory proposal will be approved if more than half of those shares present in
person or represented by proxy at the 2017 Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the matter vote "for" the
proposal. Therefore, if you abstain from voting it will have the same effect as an "against" vote. Broker non-votes on this
proposal will have no effect.
Because the advisory vote regarding the frequency of seeking shareholder approval of the compensation paid to the
Company's named executive officers does not seek approval of any specific matter — it seeks your specific advice on
when a future vote will be held (every year, every second year or every third year) — no specific percentage of the
vote is required. Abstentions and broker non-votes will not be counted as expressing any preference. The results of
the vote will be compiled and reported to you.
The proposal to approve the Tiffany & Co. 2017 Directors Equity Compensation Plan will be decided by the affirmative
vote of the majority of shares present in person or represented by proxy at the 2017 Annual Meeting and entitled to
vote on the matter. That means that the proposal will be approved if more than half of those shares present in person
or represented by proxy at the 2017 Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the matter vote "for" the proposal. Therefore,
if you abstain from voting it will have the same effect as an "against" vote. Broker non-votes on this proposal will have
no effect.
WHAT HAPPENS IF A DIRECTOR NOMINEE DOES NOT RECEIVE A MAJORITY OF THE VOTES CAST?
In the event that any of the current directors standing for re-election does not receive a majority of "for" votes of the
votes cast "for" or "against" his or her candidacy, such person would continue to serve as a director until he or she is
succeeded by another qualified director or until his or her earlier resignation or removal from office. Each of the nominees
for director has tendered a resignation letter to the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee to be considered in
the event that he or she does not receive such a majority vote. Under the Corporate Governance Principles adopted by
the Board, the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee will make a recommendation to the Board on whether to
accept or reject such resignation or whether other action should be taken.
HOW ARE PROXIES SOLICITED?
The Company has hired the firm of Georgeson LLC to assist in the solicitation of proxies on behalf of the Board. Georgeson ‘
LLC has agreed to perform this service for a fee of not more than $8,500, plus out-of-pocket expenses.
Employees of Tiffany and Company, a New York corporation and the principal subsidiary of the Company ("Tiffany"),
may also solicit proxies on behalf of the Board. These employees will not receive any additional compensation for their
work soliciting proxies and any costs incurred by them in doing so will be paid for by Tiffany. Q
Proxies may be solicited by mail, in person, by facsimile, by telephone or by e-mail. In addition, we will pay for any
costs incurred by brokerage houses and others for forwarding proxy materials to beneficial owners.
E
WHO WILL COUNT THE VOTES?
All votes will be tabulated by American Election Services, LLC, the inspector of elections appointed for the 2017 Annual ‘
Meeting.
WHERE CAN I FIND THE VOTING RESULTS OF THE 2017 ANNUAL MEETING?
The Company will announce preliminary voting results at the 2017 Annual Meeting and publish final results in a Form
8-K filed with the SEC within four business days after the 2017 Annual Meeting.
TIFFANY & CO.
PS-11