0 Reviewing and approving remuneration arrangements for executive officers;
0 Making awards to executive officers under the Company's compensation plans, including equity-based plans;
0 Considering the expressed view of shareholders on executive compensation matters, including shareholder
proposals and advisory votes, and considering communications with proxy advisory firms and related matters;
and
0 Assessing on an annual basis potential material risks to the Company from its compensation programs and
plans.
Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation Committee may delegate any of its functions to one or more subcommittees
composed entirely of members of the Compensation Committee.
Compensation for the non-management members of the Board is set by the Board with advice from the Nominating/
Corporate Governance Committee.
Role of Compensation Consultants
Frederic W. Cook & Co., Inc. ("FW Cook") is an independent advisor retained by the Compensation Committee to provide
advice with respect to the amount and form of executive compensation. FW Cook also provides advice to the Nominating/
Corporate Governance Committee with respect to non-management director compensation.
FW Cook assists the Compensation Committee's development and evaluation of executive compensation policies and
practices and the Compensation Committee's determinations of executive compensation awards by:
0 attending Compensation Committee meetings;
0 meeting with the Compensation Committee without management present;
0 providing third-party data, advice and expertise on proposed executive compensation awards and plan design
(see "Compensation of the CEO and Other Executive Officers—Compensation Discussion and Analysis—
Competitive Compensation Analysis - No Benchmarks" at PS-47);
° reviewing materials prepared by management and advisingthe Compensation Committee on the matters included
in these materials, including the consistency of proposals with the Compensation Committee's compensation
philosophy and comparisons to programs at other companies; and
E o preparing its own analysis of compensation matters, including positioning of programs in the competitive market
C3 and the design of plans consistent with the Compensation Committee's compensation philosophy.
Q Independence factors as reflected in the Compensation Committee charter were considered in selecting FW Cook, and
» FW Cook was found to be independent. The Compensation Committee has instructed FW Cook to act independently of
management and only at the direction of the Committee, and has advised FW Cook that its ongoing engagement will
be determined solely by the Compensation Committee. FW Cook does not consult with management on compensation
to be paid to non-executive employees, nor does it have any potential or actual conflicts with the Company. Management
has assisted in arranging meetings between FW Cook and the Compensation Committee and in facilitating FW Cook's
review of Compensation Committee materials.
For additional information regarding the operation of the Compensation Committee, including the role of consultants
and management in the process of determining the amount and form of executive compensation, see "Compensation
of the CEO and Other Executive Officers—Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Compensation Evaluation Process" at
PS—46 and "Report of the Compensation Committee" at PS-67.
Stock Option Subcommittee
The Stock Option Subcommittee determines the grant of options, restricted stock units, cash incentive awards and
other matters under our 2014 Employee Incentive Plan. All members of the Compensation Committee are members of
this subcommittee.
TIFFANY & CO.
PS-26