° Severance payments and other benefits following a Change in Control - Certain payments and other
benefits applicable in the event of termination without Cause or resignation for Good Reason, including
Tiffany's refusal to extend the term; and
0 Absent termination with cause or for disability, upon termination of employment, Tiffany would pay an
additional $200,000 if it wished Mr. Cumenal to continue to comply with non-competition covenants.
The employment agreement contained definitions of "Change in Control," "Cause" and "Good Reason." For
additional information about Mr. Cumenal's compensatory arrangements, see "Discussion of Summary
Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards—Frederic Cumenal Employment Agreement" at PS-77.
For a discussion of benefits provided to Mr. Cumenal upon his departure in February 2017, pursuant to the
above employment agreement and otherwise, see "Chief Executive Officer Transition" at PS-39.
Mark J. Erceg Offer Letter
On October 18, 2016, Mr. Erceg commenced employment with Tiffanyand was appointed Executive Vice President
— Chief Financial Officer. The key terms of the offer letter were:
0 Initial Base Salary: $850,000 per year;
0 Initial Target Annual Incentive Award (beginning in Fiscal 2017): 80% of base salary;
0 Initial Target Long-term Incentive Award (beginning in Fiscal 2017): 250% of base salary;
° One-time sign-on awards of (i) RSUs equal in value to $2,000,000 on the grant date, to vest in equal
installments on the first, second and third anniversary of the grant date; (ii) stock options equal in value
to $2,000,000 on the grant date, to vest in equal installments on the first, second and third anniversary
of the grant date; and (iii) a $750,000 cash sign-on bonus, and an additional cash payment of $750,000
as reimbursement for the repayment of a sign-on award to his prior employer, both of which are subject
to recoupment pursuant to a schedule in the event of resignation without good reason or termination
with cause on or before January 31, 2020; and
0 Severance benefits, absent a Change in Control, in the event of termination without Cause or resignation
for Good Reason prior to the second year anniversary of hire: one year of base salary; any unpaid short-
term incentive award for the last completed fiscal year (or if the last completed fiscal year is Fiscal
2016, the unpaid portion of the cash sign-on bonus); pro-rated short-term incentive award for the current
E year (calculated based on actual corporate results and as if individual achievement goals had been met
C?) at target or, if the termination or resignation occurs in Fiscal 2016, then a pro-rated portion of the cash
sign-on bonus); plus reimbursement of continued health coverage for one year.
3 The offer letter incorporates definitions of "Change in Control," "Cause" and "Good Reason." For additional
information about Mr. Erceg's compensatory arrangements, see "Discussion of Summary Compensation Table
and Grants of Plan-Based Awards—Mark J. Erceg Compensatory Arrangement" at PS-77.
Offer Letters Extended to Other NE 03
0ffer letters were also extended to Messrs. Nicoletti, Bellaiche and Galtie in connection with their respective
recruitments to the company. Each of these offer letters captures the key terms negotiated as part of the
recruitment, including compensatory terms relating to base salary, short-term incentives, long-term incentives
and sign-on awards. Mr. Galtie's offer letter also provides for severance benefits and payments to certain retirement
schemes. For a more detailed discussion of these arrangements, see "Discussion of Summary Compensation
Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards—Ralph Nicoletti Compensatory Arrangement," "—Jean-Marc Bellaiche
Compensatory Arrangement," and "—Philippe Galtie Compensatory Arrangement" beginning at PS-78.
CHANGE IN CONTROL PROVISIONS
Equity awards and certain executive retirement benefits provide certain entitlements following a Change in
Control, which entitlements will only be triggered on a loss of employment (a "dual trigger") or if the Company
does not survive the transaction. For a more detailed discussion of applicable change in control provisions, see
"Potential Payments on Termination or Change in Control—Explanation of Potential Payments on Termination
following a Change in Control" at PS-93.
TIFFANY & CO.
PS-64