IF I WISH TO ATTEND THE 2017 ANNUAL MEETING AND VOTE IN PERSON, WHAT DO I NEED TO DO?
To attend the 2017 Annual Meeting, you will need to pre-register as instructed on your notice or proxy card and print
out the registration confirmation. You will be required to show the registration confirmation as well as photo identification
to enter the 2017 Annual Meeting.
To vote in person at the 2017 Annual Meeting:
0 For shareholders of record, you will have the opportunity to vote by ballot at the meeting.
0 For beneficial owners of shares held in street name, contact your broker before the 2017 Annual Meeting to
obtain a legal proxy, and bring the legal proxy with you to the meeting. To submit a vote by ballot at the meeting,
you will be required to show the legal proxy as well as photo identification.
WHAT OONSTITUTES A QUORUM?
A "quorum" is the minimum number of shares that must be present at the 2017 Annual Meeting for a valid vote. For
the 2017 Annual Meeting, a majority of shares issued and outstanding on the record date and entitled to vote at the
Annual Meeting must be present.
The number of shares issued and outstanding at the close of business on March 27, 2017, the record date, was
124,775,006. Therefore, 62,387,504 shares must be present at the 2017 Annual Meeting for a quorum to be
established.
To determine if there is a quorum, we consider a share "present" if:
0 The shareholder who owns the share is present in person at the 2017 Annual Meeting, whether or not he or
she chooses to cast a ballot on any proposal; or
o The shareholder is represented by proxy at the 2017 Annual Meeting, including, for any beneficial owner of
shares held in street name, by the organization holding such shareholder's account.
If a shareholder is represented by proxy at the 2017 Annual Meeting as described above, his or her shares are deemed
present for purposes of a quorum, even if:
.0 ° The shareholder withholds his or her vote or marks "abstain" for one or more proposals; or
:n
0 There is a "broker non-vote" on one or more proposals.
9 WHAT VOTE IS REQUIRED TO APPROVE EACH PROPOSAL?
Each nominee for director shall be elected by a majority of the votes cast "for" or "against" the nominee at the 2017
Annual Meeting. That means that the number of shares voted "for" a nominee must exceed the number of shares voted
"against" that nominee. To vote "for" or "against" any of the nominees named in this Proxy Statement, you can so mark
your proxy card or ballot or, if you vote via telephone or Internet, so indicate by telephone or electronically.
You may abstain on the vote for any nominee but your abstention will not have any effect on the outcome of the election
of directors. A broker non-vote has the same effect as an abstention: neither will have any effect on the outcome of the
election of directors. To abstain on the vote on any or all of the nominees named in this Proxy Statement, you can so
mark your proxy card or ballot or, if you vote via telephone or Internet, so indicate by telephone or electronically.
The proposal to ratify the selection of PwC as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit the Company's
consolidated financial statements for Fiscal 2017 will be decided by the affirmative vote of the majority of shares
present in person or represented by proxy at the 2017 Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the matter. That means
that the proposal will pass if more than half of those shares present in person or represented by proxy at the 2017
Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the matter vote "for" the proposal. Therefore, if you "abstain" from voting — in
other words, you indicate "abstain" on the proxy card, by telephone or by Internet — it will have the same effect as an
"against" vote.
The advisory proposal to approve the compensation of our named executive officers will be decided by the affirmative
vote of the majority of shares present in person or represented by proxy at the 2017 Annual Meeting and entitled to
TIFFANY & co.
PS-1O