prior to such grant date. Except as provided in subsection 4.2(c), the Exercise Price of any Option may
not be decreased after the grant of the Award. An Option may not be surrendered as consideration in
exchange for cash or a new Award (including a new Option with a lower Exercise Price).
2.3 Exercise. Options shall be exercisable in accordance with such terms and conditions and during such
periods as may be established by the Committee provided that no Option shall be exercisable after, and
each Option shall become void no later than, the tenth (10th) anniversary of the date of the grant of such
opﬁon.
2.4 Payment of Option Exercise Price. The payment of the Exercise Price of an Option granted under this
Section 2 shall be subject to the following:
(a) The Exercise Price may be paid by ordinary check or such other form of tender as the Committee
may specify.
(b) If permitted by the Committee, the Exercise Price for Shares purchased upon the exercise of an
Option may be paid in part or in full by tendering Shares (either by actual delivery of shares or
attestation), or the Company may withhold from the Shares to be delivered and/or otherwise issued
Shares sufficient to pay the Exercise Price, in each case with such Shares valued at Fair Market Value
as of the date of exercise. The Committee may refuse to accept payment in Shares if such payment
would result in an accounting charge to the Company.
(c) The Committee may permit a Participant to elect to pay the Exercise Price upon the exercise of an
Option by irrevocably authorizing a third party to sell Shares acquired upon exercise of the Option
(or a sufficient portion of such shares) and remit to the Company a sufficient portion of the sale
proceeds to pay the entire Exercise Price and any tax withholding resulting from such exercise.
3. Stock Awards
3.1 Definition. A "Stock Award" is a grant of Shares or of a right to receive Shares.
3.2 Restrictions on Stock Awards. Each Stock Award shall be subject to such conditions, restrictions and
contingencies, if any, as the Committee shall determine.
.0
:13 . . . .
4. Operation and Administration
Q 4.1 Effective Date and Duration. Subject to approval of the stockholders of the Company at the Company's
E 2017 annual meeting, the Plan shall be effective as of the date of such approval (the "Effective Date")
and shall remain in effect as long as any Awards under the Plan are outstanding; provided, however, that
no Award may be granted or otherwise made under the Plan on a date that is more than ten (10) years
from the Effective Date.
4.2 Shares Subject to Plan.
(a) (i) Subject to the following provisions of this subsection 4.2, the maximum aggregate number of
Shares that may be delivered to Participants and their beneficiaries under the Plan shall be One
Million (1,000,000) Shares, provided that such maximum shall be reduced by one Share for each
Share that is delivered pursuant to a Stock Award. Shares issued under the Plan may be authorized
and unissued Shares or Shares reacquired by the Company.
(ii) Any Shares granted under the Plan that are forfeited because of the failure to meet a Stock
Award contingency or condition shall again be available for delivery pursuant to new Awards granted
under the Plan. To the extent any Shares covered by an Award are not delivered to a Participant or
a Participant's beneficiary because the Award is forfeited or canceled, such shares shall not be
deemed to have been delivered for purposes of determining the maximum number of Shares available
for delivery under the Plan.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-108