5.3 Powers of Committee. The authority to manage and control the operation and administration of the Plan
shall be vested in the Committee, subject to the following:
(a) Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee will have the authority and discretion to select
from amongst Eligible Individuals those persons who shall receive Awards, to determine who is an
Eligible Individual, to determine the time or times of receipt, to determine the types of Awards and
the number of Shares covered by the Awards, to establish the terms, conditions, restrictions, and
other provisions of such Awards and Award Agreements, and (subject to the restrictions imposed by
Section 6) to cancel, amend or suspend Awards. In making such Award determinations, the Committee
may take into account such factors as the Committee deems relevant.
(b) The Committee will have the authority and discretion to establish terms and conditions of Awards as
the Committee determines to be necessary or appropriate to conform to applicable requirements or
practices of jurisdictions outside the United States.
(c) The Committee will have the authority and discretion to interpret the Plan, to establish, amend and
rescind any rules and regulations relating to the Plan, to determine the terms and provisions of any
Award Agreements, and to make all other determinations that may be necessary or advisable for the
administration of the Plan.
(d) Interpretations of the Plan by the Committee and decisions made by the Committee under the Plan
are final and binding.
(e) In controlling and managing the operation and administration of the Plan, the Committee shall act
by a majority of its then members, by meeting or by writing filed without a meeting. The Committee
shall maintain adequate records concerning the Plan and concerning its proceedings and acts in
such form and detail as the Committee may decide.
5.4 Delegation by Committee. Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law or the applicable rules of a
stock exchange, the Committee may allocate all or any portion of its powers and responsibilities to any
one or more of its members and may delegate all or part of its responsibilities and powers to any person
or persons selected by it. Any such allocation or delegation may be revoked by the Committee at any
time.
33
5.5 Information to be furnished to Committee. The Company shall furnish the Committee with such data and
ยง information as may be requested by the Committee to discharge its duties. The records of the Company
Q as to an Eligible lndividual's or a Participant's service as a director shall be conclusive on all persons
3 unless determined to be incorrect by the Committee. Participants and other persons entitled to benefits
underthe Plan must furnish the Committee such evidence, data or information as the Committee considers
necessary or desirable to carry out the terms of the Plan.
6. Amendment and Termination
6.1 Board's Right to Amend or Terminate. Subject to the limitations set forth in this Section 6, the Board
may, at any time, amend or terminate the Plan.
6.2 Amendments Requiring Stockholder Approval. Other than as provided in subsection 4.2 (c) (relating to
certain adjustments to Shares), the approval of the Company's stockholders shall be required for any
amendment which: (i) increases the maximum number of Shares that may be delivered to Participants
under the Plan set forth in subsection 4.2(a); (ii) increases the maximum limitation contained in Section
4.2(b); (iii) decreases the Exercise Price of any Option below the minimum provided in subsection 2.2;
(iv) modifies or eliminates the prohibitions stated in the final two sentences of subsection 2.2; or (v)
increases the maximum term of any Option set forth in Section 2.3. Whenever the approval of the
Company's stockholders is required pursuant to this subsection 6.2, such approval shall be sufficient if
obtained by a majority vote of those stockholders present or represented and actually voting on the matter
at a meeting of stockholders duly called, at which meeting a majority of the outstanding shares actually
vote on such matter.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-112