Litigation
Arbitration Award. On December 21, 2013, an award was issued (the "Arbitration Award") in favor of The Swatch
Group Ltd. ("Swatch") and its wholly owned subsidiary Tiffany Watch Co. ("Watch Company"; Swatch and Watch
Company, together, the "Swatch Parties") in an arbitration proceeding (the "Arbitration") between the Registrant and
its wholly owned subsidiaries, Tiffany and Company and Tiffany (NJ) Inc. (the Registrant and such subsidiaries,
together, the "Tiffany Parties") and the Swatch Parties.
The Arbitration was initiated in June 2011 by the Swatch Parties, who sought damages for alleged breach of
agreements entered into by and among the Swatch Parties and the Tiffany Parties in December 2007 (the
"Agreements"). The Agreements pertained to the development and commercialization of a watch business and,
among other things, contained various licensing and governance provisions and approval requirements relating to
business, marketing and branding plans and provisions allocating profits relating to sales of the watch business
between the Swatch Parties and the Tiffany Parties.
In general terms, the Swatch Parties alleged that the Tiffany Parties breached the Agreements by obstructing and
’ delaying development of Watch Company’s business and otherwise failing to proceed in good faith. The Swatch
Parties sought damages based on alternate theories ranging from CHF 73.0 million (or approximately $73.0 million
at January 31, 2017) (based on its alleged wasted investment) to CHF 3.8 billion (or approximately $3.8 billion at
_n January 31, 2017) (calculated based on alleged future lost profits of the Swatch Parties and their affiliates over the
entire term of the Agreements).
The Registrant believes that the claims of the Swatch Parties are without merit. In the Arbitration, the Tiffany Parties
3 defended against the Swatch Parties’ claims vigorously, disputing both the merits of the claims and the calculation
of the alleged damages. The Tiffany Parties also asserted counterclaims for damages attributable to breach by the
Swatch Parties, stemming from the Swatch Parties’ September 12, 2011 public issuance of a Notice of Termination
purporting to terminate the Agreements due to alleged material breach by the Tiffany Parties, and for termination due
to such breach. In general terms, the Tiffany Parties alleged that the Swatch Parties did not have grounds for
termination, failed to meet the high standard for proving material breach set forth in the Agreements and failed to
provide appropriate management, distribution, marketing and other resources for TIFFANY & CO. brand watches and
to honor their contractual obligations to the Tiffany Parties regarding brand management. The Tiffany Parties’
counterclaims sought damages based on alternate theories ranging from CHF 120.0 million (or approximately
$121.0 million at January 31, 2017) (based on its wasted investment) to approximately CHF 540.0 million (or
approximately $542.0 million at January 31, 2017) (calculated based on alleged future lost profits of the Tiffany
Parties).
The Arbitration hearing was held in October 2012 before a three-member arbitral panel convened in the Netherlands
pursuant to the Arbitration Rules of the Netherlands Arbitration Institute (the "Rules"), and the Arbitration record was
completed in February 2013.
Under the terms of the Arbitration Award, and at the request of the Swatch Parties and the Tiffany Parties, the
Agreements were deemed terminated. The Arbitration Award stated that the effective date of termination was March
1, 2013. Pursuant to the Arbitration Award, the Tiffany Parties were ordered to pay the Swatch Parties damages of
CHF 402.7 million (the "Arbitration Damages"), as well as interest from June 30, 2012 to the date of payment, two-
thirds of the cost of the Arbitration and two-thirds of the Swatch Parties' legal fees, expenses and costs. These
amounts were paid in full in January 2014.
Prior to the ruling of the arbitral panel, no accrual was established in the Company's consolidated financial
statements because management did not believe the likelihood of an award of damages to the Swatch Parties was
probable. As a result of the ruling, in the fourth quarter of 2013, the Company recorded a charge of $480.2 million,
which included the damages, interest, and other costs associated with the ruling and which was classified as
Arbitration award expense in the consolidated statement of earnings.
On March 31, 2014, the Tiffany Parties took action in the District Court of Amsterdam to annul the Arbitration
Award. Generally, arbitration awards are final; however, Dutch law does provide for limited grounds on which arbitral
awards may be set aside. The Tiffany Parties petitioned to annul the Arbitration Award on these statutory grounds.
These grounds include, for example, that the arbitral tribunal violated its mandate by changing the express terms of
the Agreements.
TIFFANY & co.
K-76