protracted, and there can be no assurance regarding the terms or timing of any such arrangements. A withdrawal
could significantly disrupt the free movement of goods, services, and people between the United Kingdom and the
European Union, and result in increased legal and regulatory complexities, as well as potential higher costs of
conducting business in Europe. There may be similar referendums or votes in other European countries in which the
Company does business. The uncertainty surrounding the terms of the United Kingdom's withdrawal and its
consequences, as well as the impact of any similar circumstances that may arise elsewhere in Europe, could increase
the Company's costs and adversely impact consumer and investor confidence, and the level of consumer
discretionary purchases, including purchases of the Company’s products.
While these factors and the effect of these factors are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could lower the
Company's revenues, increase its costs, reduce its earnings or disrupt its business.
(iv) A strengthening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies would negatively affect the Company's sales and
profitability.
The Company operates retail stores in more than 20 countries outside of the US. and, as a result, is exposed to
market risk from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, including, among others, the Japanese Yen, Euro, ‘
British Pound, Chinese yuan and the Hong Kong dollar. In 2016, sales in countries outside of the US. in aggregate
represented more than half of the Company's net sales and earnings from operations. A continued strengthening of
the US. dollar against foreign currencies would require the Company to raise its retail prices in order to maintain its
worldwide relative pricing structure, or reduce its profit margins in various locations outside of the US. Consumers %
in those markets may not accept significant price increases on the Company's goods; thus, there is a risk that a P
continued strengthening of the US. dollar would result in reduced sales and profitability. In addition, a continued
weakening of any foreign currency relative to other currencies may negatively affect spending by foreign tourists in Q
the various regions where the Company operates retail stores Wthh would adversely affect Its net sales and
profitability.
The reported results of operations of the Company's international subsidiaries are exposed to foreign exchange rate r ‘
fluctuations as the financial results of the applicable subsidiaries are translated from the local currency into
US. dollars during the process of financial statement consolidation. If the US. dollar continues to strengthen
against foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign currency-denominated transactions would decrease
consolidated net sales and profitability. See "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations." for a discussion of such impacts.
(v) Political activities, regional instability and/or conflict or similar events could disrupt tourist travel and local consumer
spending.
Regional and global conflicts or crises, such as military actions, terrorist activities (like those that occurred in several
major European cities in 2016 and 2015) and natural disasters, geopolitical or regulatory developments (and any
related protests) and other similar events and conditions in the various regions and cities where the Company
operates retail stores may negatively affect spending by both foreign tourists and local consumers. The Company's
retail stores, many of which are located in major metropolitan areas globally, may in fact have close proximity to the
locations of such events — for example, the Company's New York Flagship store is located adjacent to a private
residence of the US. President which has, at times, impacted consumer access as a result of security measures. The
occurrence of the types of events or conditions described above, or the related effect of security measures
implemented to address the possibility of such occurrences, could affect consumer traffic and/or spending in one or
more of the Company's locations, which could adversely affect the Company's sales and earnings. While sales in the
Company's largest store (the New York Flagship) represent less than 10% of worldwide net sales, the impact of
significant sales declines in any one store could still be meaningful to consolidated results.
TIFFANY & co.
K-13