Qompﬁémge
The amended and restated policy does not contain an express compliance deadline in recognition that the disposal
restrictions ensure that the executive officers and non-executive directors are making progress toward meeting
the Significant Portfolio requirements and provide for greater administrative ease.
As of January 31, 2017, one NEO held a Significant Portfolio. The remaining NEOs were all appointed to their
current positions in Fiscal 2014 or later. As of March 20, 2017, one non-executive director (who became a
director in March 2017) did not hold a Significant Portfolio; each of the other non-executive directors held a
Significant Portfolio.
HEDGING NOT PERMITTED
The Board adopted a worldwide policy on insider information, applicable to all employees, officers and directors.
The policy expressly prohibits speculative transactions (i.e., hedging), such as the purchase of calls or puts,
selling short or speculative transactions as to any rights, options, warrants or convertible securities related to
Company securities.
RETENTION AGREEMENTS
The Committee continues to believe that, during any time of possible or actual transition of corporate control,
it would be important to keep the team of executive officers in place and free of distractions that might arise
out of concern for personal financial advantage or job security. Since the Company went public in 1987, it has
not had a single controlling shareholder, and, depending upon the circumstances, executive officers could consider
acquisition of a controlling interest, as described in the retention agreements, to be a prelude to a significant
change in corporate policies and an incentive to leave. To ensure that executive officers remain with the Company,
stay focused on the business and maximize shareholder value during a period of uncertainty resulting from a
potential Change in Control transaction (as defined below), the Company entered into retention agreements with
each of the executive officers (other than Mr. Cumenal, who had an employment agreement), which provide
financial incentives for them to remain in place during any such times. For a description of the retention
agreements, see "Potential Payments on Termination or Change in Control—Explanation of Potential Payments
on Termination Following a Change in Control—Severance Arrangements" at PS-93. For a description of
Mr. Cumenal's employment agreement, which contained comparable provisions to those of the retention
agreements, see "0ther Employment Agreements or Severance Plans for Named Executive Officers" below.
C9)
§ The Committee believes that the retention agreements serve the best interests of the Company's shareholders
Q because such agreements:
» 0 will increasethe value of the Company to a potential acquirerthat requires delivery of an intact management
team;
0 will help to keep management in place and focused should any situation arise in which a Change in Control
looms but is not welcome or agreement has not yet been reached;
0 are a prudent defense to the possibility that one or more senior executive officers might retire or take a
competing job offer during a time of transition; and
o are not overly generous.
The Committee also believes that the independent directors are fully capable of weighing the merits of any
proposed transaction and reaching a proper conclusion in the interests of the shareholders, even if management
would benefit financially from change in control payments to the executive officers.
Dual Triggers
The retention agreements are "dual-trigger" arrangements in that they provide no benefits unless two events
occur: (i) a Change in Control followed by (ii) a loss of employment.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-62