The Company purchases conflict-free rough and polished colorless diamonds, in high color and clarity ranges.
Management does not foresee a shortage of diamonds in these quality ranges in the short term but believes that,
unless new mines are developed, rising demand will eventually create such a shortage and lead to higher prices.
Synthetic and Treated Diamonds. Synthetic diamonds (diamonds manufactured but not naturally occurring) and
treated diamonds (naturally occurring diamonds subject to treatment processes, such as irradiation) are produced in
growing quantities. Although significant questions remain as to the ability of producers to produce synthetic and/or
treated diamonds economically within a full range of sizes and natural diamond colors, and as to consumer
acceptance of these diamonds, such diamonds are becoming a larger factor in the market. Should synthetic and/or
treated diamonds be offered in significant quantities, the supply of and prices for natural diamonds may be affected.
The Company does not produce and does not intend to purchase or sell such diamonds.
Purchases of Precious Metals and Other Polished Gemstones. Precious metals and other polished gemstones used in
making jewelry are purchased from a variety of sources for use in the Company's internal manufacturing operations
and/or for use by third-party manufacturers contracted to supply Tiffany merchandise. The silver, gold and platinum
sourced directly by the Company principally comes from two sources: in-ground, large-scale deposits of metals,
’ primarily in the U.S., that meet the Company's standards for responsible mining and metals from recycled sources.
While the Company may supply precious metals to a manufacturer, it cannot determine, in all circumstances,
whether the finished goods provided by such manufacturer were actually produced with Company-supplied precious
metals.
"ITI
©
The Company generally enters into purchase orders for fixed quantities with precious metals and other polished
ﬂ gemstone vendors. Purchases are generally made at prevailing market prices, which have, with respect to precious
g metals, experienced substantial volatility in recent years. These relationships may be terminated at any time by
either party; such termination would not discharge either party's obligations under unfulfilled purchase orders
accepted prior to the termination. The Company believes that there are numerous alternative sources for other
polished gemstones and precious metals and that the loss of any single supplier would not have a material adverse
effect on its operations.
Finished Jewelry. Finished jewelry is purchased from approximately 45 manufacturers. However, the Company does
not enter into long-term supply arrangements with its finished goods vendors. The Company does enter into
merchandise vendor agreements with nearly all of its finished goods vendors. The merchandise vendor agreements
establish non-price terms by which the Company may purchase and by which vendors may sell finished goods to the
Company. These terms include payment terms, shipping procedures, product quality requirements, merchandise
specifications and vendor social responsibility requirements. The Company generally enters into purchase orders for
fixed quantities of merchandise with its vendors. These relationships may be terminated at any time by either party;
such termination would not discharge either party's obligations under unfulfilled purchase orders accepted prior to
termination. The Company actively seeks alternative sources for its best-selling jewelry items to mitigate any
potential disruptions in supply. However, due to the craftsmanship involved in a small number of designs, the
Company may have difficulty finding readily available alternative suppliers for those jewelry designs in the short
term.
Watches. In 2015, management introduced new TIFFANY & CO. brand watches, which have been designed,
produced, marketed and distributed through certain of the Company's Swiss subsidiaries. In support of this
introduction, the Company has relationships with approximately 30 component and subassembly vendors to
manufacture watches. The terms of the Company's contractual relationships with these vendors are substantially
similar to those described under "Finished Jewelry" above. Sales of these new TIFFANY & C0. brand watches
represented approximately 1% of worldwide net sales in both 2016 and 2015. While management anticipates an
increase in these sales in 2017, it does not expect this new watch business to increase the Company's profitability in
2017, as the Company expects to continue to invest significant resources in marketing to continue to build customer
awareness and further establish product differentiation.
COMPETITION
The global jewelry industry is competitively fragmented. The Company encounters significant competition in all
product categories. Some competitors specialize in just one area in which the Company is active. Many competitors
have established worldwide, national or local reputations for style, quality, expertise and customer service similar to
TIFFANY & co.
K-10