The Company also recorded an impairment charge, and a related valuation allowance, of $8.4 million during the
fiscal year ended January 31, 2017 related to a separate financing arrangement with another diamond mining and
exploration company.
At January 31, 2017 and 2016, the current portion of the carrying amount of financing arrangements including
accrued interest was $4.6 million and $2.1 million and was recorded in prepaid expenses and other current
assets. At January 31, 2017 and 2016, the non-current portion of the carrying amount of financing arrangements
including accrued interest was $4.4 million and $18.9 million and was included in other assets, net.
Inventories
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market using the average cost method except for certain diamond and
gemstone jewelry which uses the specific identification method.
Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated on a ‘
straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives:
Buildings 39 years
Machinery and equipment 5-15 years 3
Office equipment 3-8 years E
Software 5-10 years
Furniture and fixtures 3-10 years,
Leasehold improvements and building improvements are amortized over the shorter of their estimated useful lives 7 ‘
(ranging from 8-10 years) or the related lease terms or building life, respectively. Maintenance and repair costs are
charged to earnings while expenditures for major renewals and improvements are capitalized. Upon the disposition of
property, plant and equipment, the accumulated depreciation is deducted from the original cost and any gain or loss
is reflected in current earnings.
The Company capitalizes interest on borrowings during the active construction period of major capital projects.
Capitalized interest is added to the cost of the underlying assets and is amortized over the useful lives of the assets.
The Company's capitalized interest costs were not significant in 2016, 2015 or 2014.
Information Systems Development Costs
Eligible costs incurred during the development stage of information systems projects are capitalized and amortized
over the estimated useful life of the related project. Eligible costs include those related to the purchase,
development, and installation of the related software. Costs incurred prior to the development stage, as well as costs
for maintenance, data conversion, training, and other general and administrative costs, are expensed as incurred.
Costs that are capitalized are included in Property, Plant and Equipment, in Construction-in-progress while in the
development stage and in Software once placed into service.
Capitalized software costs are subject to the Company’s accounting policy related to the review of long-lived assets
for impairment. See "Impairment of Long-Lived Assets" below for further details.
Intangible Assets and Key Money
Intangible assets, consisting of product rights and trademarks, are recorded at cost and are amortized on a straight-
Iine basis over their estimated useful lives which range from 15 to 20 years. Intangible assets are reviewed for
impairment in accordance with the Company's policy for impairment of long-lived assets (see "Impairment of Long-
Lived Assets" below).
Key money is the amount of funds paid to a landlord or tenant to acquire the rights of tenancy under a commercial
property lease for a certain property. Key money represents the "right to lease" with an automatic right of renewal.
TIFFANY & co.
K-57