Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Company's consolidated financial
statements and related notes. All references to years relate to fiscal years which ended on January 31 of the
following calendar year.
KEY STRATEGIES
The Company's key strategies are:
0 To enhance the customer experience through engaging service and store environments.
To ensure a superior shopping experience, the Company employs highly qualified sales and customer service
professionals, focuses on enhancing sales and product training programs, and is investing in enhancing its
information systems for customer relationship management. The Company also focuses on enhancing the
design of its stores, as well as the creative visual presentation of its merchandise, to provide an engaging ‘
luxury experience in both its new and existing stores.
0 To regularly develop and introduce new products. 3
The Company's product development strategy is to introduce new design collections, primarily in jewelry, P
and/or expand certain existing collections annually, both of which are intended to appeal to the Company’s E
existing customer base as well as to new customers. The Company is also investing in the watch category,
which it deems appropriate for the Brand and which presents an incremental long-term growth opportunity.
0 To enhance customer awareness of the TIFFANY & CO. trademark (the "Brand"), its heritage, its products and
its association with quality and luxury. 7 ‘
The Brand is the single most important asset of Tiffany and, indirectly, of the Company. Management
intends to continue to invest in marketing and public relations programs designed to build awareness of the
Brand, its heritage and its products, as well as to enhance the Brand’s association among consumers with
quality and luxury. Management monitors these efforts and the strength of the Brand through market
research.
0 To expand and optimize its global distribution base.
Management intends to continue to expand and optimize its global store base by evaluating potential
markets for new TIFFANY & CO. stores, as well as through the renovation, relocation, or, in certain cases, the
closure of existing stores. Management will also continue to pursue opportunities to grow sales through its e-
commerce websites and utilize the websites to drive store traffic. Management recognizes that over-
saturation of any market could diminish the distinctive appeal of the Brand, but believes that there are a
number of potential worldwide locations remaining that meet financial and Brand requirements.
0 To improve its business operations and processes, while efficiently managing its capital and costs
The Company is focused on improving its business operations and processes, including by realizing greater
efficiencies in its product supply chain and other operations, and enhancing its global procurement
capabilities.
° To maintain substantial control over product supply through direct diamond sourcing and internal jewelry
manufacturing.
The Company has developed substantial product supply infrastructure related to the procurement and
processing of diamonds and to the manufacturing of jewelry. This infrastructure is intended to ensure
adequate product supply and favorable product costs while adhering to the Company's quality and ethical
standards. The Company will continue to supplement its internal capabilities through its network of external
suppliers.
TIFFANY & CO.
K-27