Lawrence K. Fish Mr. Fish, 72, became a director of Tiffany & Co. in 2008. Mr. Fish previously served as
Chairman, President and CEO of Citizens Financial Group, Inc. ("Citizens") from 1992 until
2005, when he relinquished the title of President. Mr. Fish relinquished the title of CEO of
Citizens in 2007 and retired as Chairman in 2009. Mr. Fish is a member of the Corporation
and Executive Committee of Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Mr. Fish serves as
Chairman of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt and as a member of the Board of Directors of Textron.
He has also served on the Board of Directors of the following public company during the past
five years: National Bank Holdings. Mr. Fish serves as a Trustee Emeritus of The Brookings
Institution, as Chairman of Management Sciences for Health and as a Trustee of Woods Hole
Oceanographic Institute.
Key Skills: risk analysis, finance, brand management and community banking.
Abby F. Kohnstamm Ms. Kohnstamm, 63, is Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer at Pitney Bowes
Inc. ("Pitney Bowes"). In this role, she oversees all of Pitney Bowes's marketing and
communications worldwide, as well as citizenship and philanthropy. Before joining Pitney
Bowes in June 2013, Ms. Kohnstamm was the President and founder of Abby F. Kohnstamm
& Associates, Inc., a marketing and consulting firm. Prior to establishing her company in
2006, Ms. Kohnstamm served as Senior Vice President, Marketing (Chief Marketing Officer)
of IBM Corporation from 1993 through 2005. In that capacity, she had overall responsibility
for all aspects of marketing across IBM on a global basis. Before joining IBM, Ms. Kohnstamm
held a number of senior marketing positions at American Express from 1979 through 1993.
She is also a member of the Board of Directors of the Roundabout Theatre Company and is a
Trustee Emeritus of Tufts University after serving 10 years on the Board of Trustees. She
became a director of Tiffany & Co. in 2001. Ms. Kohnstamm also served on the Board of
Directors of the following public company during the past five years: World Fuel Services
Corporation. She holds a BA. from Tufts University, an MA. in Education from New York
University and an MBA. from New York University.
Key Skills: brand management, global management, strategic planning and digital marketing.
James E. Lillie Mr. Lillie, 55, became a director of Tiffany& Co. on March 6, 2017. He is the Vice Chairman
of Mariposa Capital, a private investment office, and a consultant for Newell Brands, which ‘
acquired Jarden Corporation in April 2016. He held senior positions at Jarden Corporation
from 2003 through the aforementioned acquisition of the company, including as President
and Chief Operating Officer and, beginning in 201 1, CEO. He also served as a member of the
Board of Directors of Jarden Corporation from 2011 until the aforementioned acquisition. g
Prior to joining Jarden Corporation, Mr. Lillie served as Executive Vice President of Operations
at Moore Corporation Limited and held several senior level management positions at portfolio
companies of Kohlberg, Kravis, Roberts & Company. Mr. Lillie serves on the Board of Directors Q
of Nomad Foods Limited and Royal Oak Charcoal, and previously served on the Board of 5
Directors of Radio Prisa in Spain and the US-China Business Council. Mr. Lillie holds a BA. >-
from the University of Wisconsin.
Key Skills: global management, strategic planning, finance, product innovation and business E
process optimization.
Charles K. Marquis Mr. Marquis, 74, has been a Senior Advisor to Investcorp International, Inc. since 1999. From
1974 through 1998, he was a partner in the law firm of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher L.L.P.,
where he practiced securities and mergers and acquisitions law. He was first elected a director
of Tiffany & Co. in 1984.
Key Skills: finance, governance, risk analysis, crisis management and investor relations.
TIFFANY & CO.
PS-19