WHAT MATTERS WILL BE VOTED ON AT THE 2017 ANNUAL MEETING?
There are five matters scheduled to be voted on at the 2017 Annual Meeting:
Iltem No. 1: Election of the Board; |
Item No. 2: Ratification of the selection of the independent registered public accounting firm
to audit our Fiscal 2017 financial statements;
Item No. 3: Approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of the Company's named
executive officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement ("Say on Pay“);
Item No. 4: Preference, on an advisory basis, on the frequency of seeking shareholder
approval of the compensation paid to the Company's named executive officers; and
lltem No. 5: Approval of the Tiffany & Co. 2017 Directors Equity Compensation Plan. I
In addition, such other business as may properly come before the 2017 Annual Meeting or any adjournment or
postponement thereof may be voted on.
DOES THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMEND VOTING IN FAVOR OF THE PROPOSALS?
The Board recommends a vote "FOR" each of the director nominees and the proposals set forth in Items 2, 3 and 5. In
respect of Item 4, the Board recommends a vote "FOR" a recommendation that the shareholders approve the compensation
paid to the Company's named executive officers every year.
WHAT SHARES CAN I VOTE?
You may vote all of the shares of the Company's common stock that you owned at the close of business on March 27,
2017, the record date.
HOW MANY VOTES DO I HAVE?
Each share of the Company's common stock has one vote. The number of shares, or votes, that you have at the 2017
Annual Meeting is indicated on the enclosed proxy card or notice.
HOW DO I VOTE MY SHARES? E
You can vote your shares at the 2017 Annual Meeting either by submitting your vote or instruction prior to the meeting, g
or by attending the meeting and voting in person. >_
>.<
Voting instructions, whether voting is in person or by proxy, vary depending on whether you are a shareholder of record
(also known as a "registered shareholder") or a beneficial owner of shares held in street name: 0-
Shareho/der of Record: If your shares are registered directly in your name with the Company's transfer agent, ‘
Computershare, you are considered the shareholder of record with respect to those shares. Instructions for how
to vote your shares are set forth below.
Beneficial Owner of Shares Held in Street Name: If your shares are held in an account at a brokerage firm,
bank, broker-dealer, or other similar organization, or if your shares are held in the Tiffanyand Company Employee
Profit Sharing and Retirement Savings Plan (the "401K Plan"), then you are the "beneficial owner" of shares
held in "street name." The organization holding, or trustee of, your account is considered the shareholder of
record for purposes of voting at the 2017 Annual Meeting. As a beneficial owner, you have the right to instruct
that organization or trustee on how to vote the shares held in your account. Those instructions are contained
in the "voting instruction form" sent to you and are summarized below.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-7