assume retail credit and certain other risks; and (iii) act for the Company in the sale of merchandise. In return for
their services and use of their facilities, the department store operators retain a portion of net retail sales made in
TIFFANY & CO. stores which is recorded as commission expense within selling, general and administrative expenses.
Cost of Sales
Cost of sales includes costs to internally manufacture merchandise (primarily metal, gemstones, labor and overhead),
costs related to the purchase of merchandise from third-parties, inbound freight, purchasing and receiving,
inspection, warehousing, internal transfers and other costs associated with distribution and merchandising. Cost of
sales also includes royalty fees paid to outside designers and customer shipping and handling charges.
Selling, General and Administrative ("SG&A") Expenses
SG&A expenses include costs associated with the selling and marketing of products as well as administrative
expenses. The types of expenses associated with these functions are store operating expenses (such as labor, rent
7 and utilities), advertising and other corporate level administrative expenses.
Advertising, Marketing, Public and Media Relations Costs
_n Advertising, marketing, public and media relations costs include media, production, catalogs, Internet, marketing
6) events, visual merchandising costs (in-store and window displays) and other related costs. In 2016, 2015 and 2014,
g these costs totaled $299.0 million, $302.0 million and $284.0 million, representing 7.5%, 7.4% and 6.7% of
$ worldwide net sales in each of those periods. Media and production costs for print and digital advertising are
i expensed as incurred, while catalog costs are expensed upon first distribution.
Pre-0pening Costs
Costs associated with the opening of new retail stores are expensed in the period incurred.
Stock-Based Compensation
New, modified and unvested share-based payment transactions with employees, such as stock options and restricted
stock, are measured at fair value and recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period.
Merchandise Design Activities
Merchandise design activities consist of conceptual formulation and design of possible products and creation of pre-
production prototypes and molds. Costs associated with these activities are expensed as incurred.
Foreign Currency
The functional currency of most of the Company's foreign subsidiaries and branches is the applicable local currency.
Assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using the current exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet
date, while revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates during the period. The resulting
translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other comprehensive earnings within stockholders' equity.
The Company also recognizes gains and losses associated with transactions that are denominated in foreign
currencies. Within other (income) expense, net, the Company recorded net losses resulting from foreign currency
transactions of $4.8 million, $9.8 million and $3.7 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Income Taxes
The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of
deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the
financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized by applying statutory tax
rates in effect in the years in which the differences between the financial reporting and tax filing bases of existing
assets and liabilities are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities
is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
TIFFANY & co.
K-60