SHORT- AND LONG-TERM PLANNING
The performance of management in developing and executing operational and strategic plans and initiatives
determines the Company's success in achieving its financial and brand stewardship goals — both short- and long-
term.
As part of each year's planning process, the executive officers develop and submit for Board approval:
0 A three-year strategic plan that balances financial and "brand stewardship" objectives (see below); and
0 An annual operating plan for the fiscal year.
Each plan must incorporate goals that are both challenging and realistic for sales, gross margins, selling, general
and administrative expenses (including marketing, staffing and other expenses), inventory management, capital
spending and all other elements of the Company's financial performance (including capital allocation).
"Brand stewardship" refers to actions taken by management to maintain, in the minds of consumers, strong
associations between the TIFFANY &CO. brand and product quality, luxury, the highest levels of customer service,
compelling store design and product display and responsible product sourcing practices.
The Committee recognizes that trade-offs between near-term financial objectives and brand stewardship are
often difficult. For example, introducing certain new designs can enhance brand image and attract new customers,
but affect overall margin negatively in the short term; increased staffing can positively affect customer service
while negatively affecting earnings in the short term; and expanding inventory can enhance the customer
experience but also affect operating cash flow negatively in the short term. Through the planning process,
management must balance expectations for annual earnings growth and cash flow generation with its focus on
brand stewardship and sustainable growth.
OBJECTIVES OF THE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM
The Committee has established the following objectives for the compensation program:
0 To attract, motivate and retain the management talent necessary to develop and execute both the annual
operating plan and the strategic plan;
0 To reward achievement of short- and long-term financial goals; and
.0
° To link management's interests with those of the shareholders.
§ The total executive compensation program includes base salary, short- and long-term incentives, RSUs and
Q benefits.
»
SETTING EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
The Committee determines all remuneration arrangements for executive officers and compensation plans in
which officers of the Company are eligible to participate, as more fully described in the Committee Charter. In
January of each year, the Committee reviews the target amount of total compensation for each executive officer,
as well as the target levels of key components of such compensation. This follows a process in which the Committee
conducts a detailed review of each executive officer's compensation.
COMPENSATION EVALUATION PROCESS
The following are key components of the Committee's evaluation process.
Consideration of ﬂy on I21
The Committee weighs the level of shareholder support for the compensation program as demonstrated by
the Say on Pay vote.
Independent Compensation Consultant
In connection with carrying out its responsibilities, the Committee considers the advice of FW Cook, its
independent compensation consultant, and the competitive compensation analysis provided by FW Cook.
TIFFANY & CO.
PS-46