0 All stock option awards that were vested but unexercised as of the termination of his employment —
which would ordinarily have expired three months after that date — will remain exercisable until February
10, 2018;
0 The unvested portions of stock option awards granted in September 2013, January 2014, January 2015,
and January 2016 that were scheduled to vest in Fiscal 2017 (a total of 36,523, 11,000, 35,250 and
57,743 stock options, respectively), and that ordinarily would have been forfeited upon the termination
of his employment, vested as of March 14, 2017, and will remain exercisable until February 10, 2018;
and
o A maximum number of 71,000 PSUs granted to Mr. Cumenal in January 2015, which otherwise would
have been forfeited upon his termination date, will continue to vest according to their terms. The payout
of this award to Mr. Cumenal — which will remain contingent upon pre-established performance goals
that were not amended in any respect — will be pro-rated to reflect Mr. Cumenal's employment during
the performance period. Pursuant to the terms of the separation agreement, the Committee may only
exercise its discretion to reduce the amount of the award to be vested if the reduction applies to the
executive officers generally.
0 The benefits described above are contingent on Mr. Cumenal's continued compliance with his obligation
to provide transition and litigation assistance, and with his confidentiality, no-hire and non-solicitation
restrictive covenants.
All other unvested long-term incentive awards granted to Mr. Cumenal were forfeited upon the termination of his
employment. For additional information about the equity awards granted to Mr. Cumenal that remained
outstanding at the end of Fiscal 2016, see the Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table at PS-80.
For information concerning his separation agreement, see "Chief Executive Officer Transition" at PS-39.
RETIREMENT BENEFITS
Retirement benefits are offered to attract and retain qualified executive officers. Retirement benefits offer
financial security in the future and are not entirely contingent upon corporate performance factors. It is the case, ,
however, that the compensation on which the retirement benefits of each executive officer are based includes
bonus and incentive awards made in the past; such awards are determined by corporate and individual performance
factors in the year awarded.
Defined Contribution Retirement Benefit a
For the NEOs other than Ms. Cloud, a defined contribution retirement benefit is available through the Tiffany and 5
Company Employee Profit Sharing and Retirement Savings Plan ("401k Plan"). Excess defined contribution
retirement benefit contributions ("Excess DCRB Contributions") are credited to the Tiffanyand Company Executive 3:)
Deferral Plan (the "Deferral Plan"). Employer contributions credited to the Deferral Plan are calculated to 0-
compensate executives for pay amounts limited by reason of the Internal Revenue Code. Messrs. Erceg, Bellaiche,
and Galtie are eligible to receive Excess DCRB Contributions. Messrs. Cumenal and Nicoletti became entitled .
to distribution of their vested Excess DCRB Contributions upon their departures from the Company, and forfeited
the unvested portion of their Excess DCRB Contributions. See Note (b) to the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation
Table at PS-88 for further information concerning their Excess DCRB Contributions.
Mr. Cumenal's employment agreement called for payments during the first 10 years of his employment to an
interest-bearing retirement account. These payments were intended to make Mr. Cumenal whole for significant
long-term pension benefits he forfeited at his prior employer. See "Other Employment Agreements or Severance
Plans for Named Executive Officers—Frederic Cumenal Employment Agreement" at PS-63. Upon his departure
the balance of this account became payable in ten annual installments starting on the first anniversary of his
termination date. During his employment, additional contributions were made on his behalf to certain French
social security and pension schemes.
Mr. Galtie also receives additional retirement benefits agreed upon at the time of his recruitment. See "Discussion
of Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards-Philippe Galtie Compensatory Arrangement"
at PS-78.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-59