Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
NONE
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.
DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Based on their evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15
(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the Registrant's principal executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the
Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
the Registrant in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is
(i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and
(ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. ‘
In the ordinary course of business, the Registrant reviews its system of internal control over financial reporting and
makes changes to its systems and processes to improve controls and increase efficiency, while ensuring that the
Registrant maintains an effective internal control environment. Changes may include activities such as implementing 3
new, more efficient systems and automating manual processes.
or:
The Registrant's principal executive officer and principal financial officer have determined that there have been no
changes in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting during the most recently completed fiscal quarter
covered by this report identified in connection with the evaluation described above that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting.
The Registrant's management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, necessarily 7 ‘
applied their judgment in assessing the costs and benefits of such controls and procedures. By their nature, such
controls and procedures cannot provide absolute certainty, but can provide reasonable assurance regarding
management's control objectives. Our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer have concluded
that the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures are (i) designed to provide such reasonable assurance and
(ii) are effective at that reasonable assurance level.
TIFFANY & CO.
K-97