in pursuing the settlement option, and accordingly recorded an immaterial liability representing its best estimate of
its minimum liability for the RoD Remediation, which reflects the possibility of a de-minimis settlement. Although
the EPA must determine which parties are eligible for the settlement option, the Company does not expect any
settlement amount that it might agree with the EPA to be material to its financial position, results of operations or
cash flows.
In October 2016, the EPA announced that it entered into a legal agreement with one of the notified companies,
pursuant to which such company agreed to spend $165.0 million to perform the engineering and design work
required in advance of the clean-up contemplated by the RoD Remediation (the "RoD Design Phase"). In the absence
of a viable settlement option, the Company is unable to determine its participation in the overall RoD Remediation
(of which the RoD Design Phase is only a part), if any, relative to the other potentially responsible parties or the
allocation of the estimated cost thereof among the potentially responsible parties, until such time as the EPA reaches
an agreement with any potentially responsible party or parties to fund the overall RoD Remediation (or pursues legal
or administrative action to require any potentially responsible party or parties to perform, or pay for, the overall RoD
Remediation). With respect to the RI/FS (which is distinct from the RoD Remediation), until a Record of Decision is
issued with respect to the RI/FS, neither the ultimate remedial approach for the remaining upper nine miles of the
relevant 17-mile stretch of the River and its cost, nor the Company's participation, if any, relative to the other ‘
potentially responsible parties in this approach and cost, can be determined.
As such, the Company's liability, if any, beyond that already recorded for (1) its obligations under the 2007 ADC and
the Mile 10.9 ADC, and (2) its estimate related to a de minimis cash-out settlement for the RoD Remediation, %
cannot be determined at this time. However, the Company does not expect that its ultimate liability related to the P
relevant 17-mile stretch of the River will be material to its financial position, in light of the number of companies
that have previously been identified as Potentially Responsible Parties (i.e., the more than 300 parties that were Q
initially designated in litigation as potentially responsible parties), which includes, but goes well beyond those LL
approximately 70 companies in the CPG that participated in the 2007 ADC and the Mile 10.9 ADC, and the
Company's relative participation in the costs related to the 2007 ADC and Mile 10.9 AOC. It is nonetheless possible
that any resulting liability when the uncertainties discussed above are resolved could be material to the Company's r ‘
results of operations or cash flows in the period in which such uncertainties are resolved.
Other Regulatory Matters
The Company is subject to regulations in various jurisdictions in which the Company operates, including those
related to the sale of consumer products. During the Company's regular internal quality testing, the Company
identified a potential breach of the Company's sourcing and quality standards applicable to third party vendors. The
Company is currently in the early stages of assessing the composition of certain of its gold products manufactured by
certain U.S. third-party vendors, which contain gold solder manufactured by other U.S. vendors, to determine
whether such products are in compliance with applicable consumer products requirements and regulations. This
assessment could result in the Company reporting instances of non-compliance to regulatory authorities in one or
more markets, and incurring costs, including for the possible payment of fines and penalties. Management has not
recorded any liability for these matters as it does not believe that such liability is probable and reasonably estimable.
It is nonetheless possible that any resulting liability when the uncertainties discussed above are resolved could be
material to the Company's results of operations or cash flows in the periods in which such uncertainties are resolved.
0ther
In the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company implemented specific cost-reduction initiatives and recorded $8.8
million of expense within SG&A expenses. These unrelated cost-reduction initiatives included severance related to
staffing reductions and subleasing of certain office space for which only a portion of the Company's future rent
obligations will be recovered.
K. RELATED PARTIES
The Company's Chairman of the Board and, effective February 5, 2017, Interim Chief Executive Officer was a
member of the Board of Directors of The Bank of New York Mellon through April 14, 2015. The Bank of New York
Mellon serves as the Company's trustee for its Senior Notes due in 2024 and 2044, participates as a co-syndication
agent and lender for its New Credit Facilities, provides other general banking services and serves as the trustee for
TIFFANY & co.
K-79