competition under New York law in its use of "Tiffany" on the above-referenced signs. On September 29, 2016, a
civil jury rendered its verdict, finding that Costco's profits on the sale of the infringing rings should be awarded at
$5.5 million, and further finding that an award of punitive damages was warranted. On October 5, 2016, the jury
awarded $8.25 million in punitive damages. The aggregate award of $13.75 million is not final, and is subject to
post-verdict motion practice and ultimately to adjustment by the Court. In such post-verdict motion practice, the
Tiffany plaintiffs asserted that the profits award should be trebled and that Costco should also pay the Tiffany
plaintiffs' legal fees in respect of this matter. Management expects that the Court will enter its final judgment as to
the damages and other monetary recovery that Costco will be ordered to pay to the Tiffany plaintiffs during the
Company's 2017 fiscal year. Management also expects that Costco will appeal this judgment, and that the Tiffany
plaintiffs will be unable to enforce the judgment while the appeal is pending. As such, the Company has not
recorded any amount in its consolidated financial statements related to this gain contingency as of January 31,
2017, and expects that this matter will not ultimately be resolved until, at the earliest, the Company's fiscal year
ending January 31, 2018.
Environmental Matter
’ In 2005, the US. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") designated a 17-mile stretch of the Passaic River (the
"River") part of the Diamond Alkali "Superfund" site. This designation resulted from the detection of hazardous
substances emanating from the site, which was previously home to the Diamond Shamrock Corporation, a
_n manufacturer of pesticides and herbicides. Under the Superfund law, the EPA will negotiate with potentially
responsible parties to agree on remediation approaches.
The Company, which operated a silverware manufacturing facility near a tributary of the River from approximately
3 1897 to 1985, is one of more than 300 parties (the "Potentially Responsible Parties") designated in litigation as
potentially responsible parties with respect to the River. The EPA issued general notice letters to 125 of these
parties. The Company, along with approximately 70 other Potentially Responsible Parties (collectively, the
"Cooperating Parties Group" or "CPG") voluntarily entered into an Administrative Settlement Agreement and Order on
Consent ("AOC") with the EPA in May 2007 to perform a Remedial lnvestigation/Feasibility Study (the "Rl/FS") of the
lower 17 miles of the River. In June 2012, most of the CPG voluntarily entered into a second AOC related to focused
remediation actions at Mile 10.9 of the River. The actions under the Mile 10.9 AOC are complete (except for
continued monitoring), the Remedial Investigation ("RI") portion of the Rl/FS was submitted to the EPA on February
19, 2015, and the Feasibility Study ("FS") portion of the Rl/FS was submitted to the EPA on April 30, 2015. The
Company has accrued for its financial obligations under both AOCs, which have not been material to its financial
position or results of operations in previous financial periods or on a cumulative basis.
The FS presented and evaluated three options for remediating the lower 17 miles of the River, including the
approach recommended by the EPA in its Focused Feasibility Study discussed below, as well as a fourth option of
taking no action, and recommended an approach for a targeted remediation of the entire 17-mile stretch of the
River. The estimated cost of the approach recommended by the CPG in the FS is approximately $483.0 million. The
RI and FS are being reviewed by the EPA and other governmental agencies and stakeholders. Ultimately, the
Company expects that the EPA will identify and negotiate with any or all of the potentially responsible parties
regarding any remediation action that may be necessary, and issue a Record of Decision with a proposed approach to
remediating the entire lower 17-mile stretch of the River.
Separately, on April 11, 2014, the EPA issued a proposed plan for remediating the lower eight miles of the River,
which is supported by a Focused Feasibility Study (the "FFS"). The FFS evaluated three remediation options, as well
as a fourth option of taking no action. Following a public review and comment period and the EPA's review of
comments received, the EPA issued a Record of Decision on March 4, 2016 that set forth a remediation plan for the
lower eight miles of the River (the "RoD Remediation"). The RoD Remediation is estimated by the EPA to cost $1.38
billion. The Record of Decision did not identify any party or parties as being responsible for the design of the
remediation or for the remediation itself. The EPA did note that it estimates the design of the necessary remediation
activities will take three to four years, with the remediation to follow, which is estimated to take an additional six
years to complete.
On March 31, 2016, the EPA issued a letter to approximately 100 companies (including the Company) (collectively,
the "notified companies") notifying them of potential liability for the RoD Remediation and of the EPA’s planned
approach to addressing the cost of the RoD Remediation, which included the possibility of a de-minimis cash-out
settlement (the "settlement option") for certain parties. In April of 2016, the Company notified the EPA of its interest
TIFFANY & C0.
K-78