Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
The Company is exposed to market risk from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, precious metal prices
and interest rates, which could affect its consolidated financial position, earnings and cash flows. The Company
manages its exposure to market risk through its regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed
appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. The Company uses derivative financial instruments
as risk management tools and not for trading or speculative purposes.
Foreign Currency Risk
The Company uses foreign exchange forward contracts or put option contracts to offset a portion of the foreign
currency exchange risks associated with foreign currency-denominated liabilities, intercompany transactions and
forecasted purchases of merchandise between entities with differing functional currencies. The maximum term of the
Company's outstanding foreign exchange forward contracts as of January 31, 2017 is 12 months. At January 31,
2017 and 2016, the fair values of the Company's outstanding foreign exchange forwards were net assets of $7.1
million and net liabilities of $0.9 million, respectively.
In 2016, the Company entered into cross-currency swaps to hedge the foreign exchange risk associated with
Japanese yen-denominated intercompany loans. As of January 31, 2017, the notional amount of these cross-
_n currency swaps was approximately ¥10.6 billion or $100.0 million. The cross-currency swaps have a term ending on
© October 1, 2024. At January 31, 2017, the fair value of the Company's outstanding cross-currency swaps were
liabilities of $0.4 million.
ﬂ
3 At January 31, 2017, for the total contracts and swaps noted above, a 10% depreciation in the hedged foreign
exchange rates from the prevailing market rates would have resulted in a liability with a fair value of approximately
$44.0 million.
Precious Metal Price Risk
The Company periodically hedges a portion of its forecasted purchases of precious metals for use in its internal
manufacturing operations in order to manage the effect of volatility in precious metal prices. The Company may use
a combination of call and put option contracts in net-zero-cost collar arrangements ("precious metal collars") or
forward contracts. For precious metal collars, if the price of the precious metal at the time of the expiration of the
precious metal collar is within the call and put price, the precious metal collar would expire at no cost to the
Company. The maximum term of the Company's outstanding precious metal forward contracts as of January 31,
2017 is 24 months. At January 31, 2017 and 2016, the fair values of the Company's outstanding precious metal
derivative instruments were net liabilities of $1.7 million and $12.6 million, respectively. At January 31, 2017, a
10% depreciation in precious metal prices from the prevailing market rates would have resulted in a liability with a
fair value of approximately $16.0 million.
TIFFANY & co.
K-48