Time- Vest/17g ReszﬂctQCLSth/r Uni 2; Grants
Outstanding time-vesting restricted stock units will vest in full and convert to shares in the event of a Terminating
Transaction.
For all other Change in Control events (see "Definition of a Change in Control" below), time-vesting restricted stock units
will vest in full if the executive is involuntarily terminated following the Change in Control event.
Siugplemental Retirement Benefits Vest on a Change in Control
Ms. Cloud participates in the Pension Plan, Excess Plan, and Supplemental Plan. She is vested in the Pension Plan
and Excess Plan but not in the Supplemental Plan. No other NEO as of January 31, 2017 was a participant in these
retirement plans.
Definition of a Change in Control
For purposes of the Supplemental Plan, outstanding equity awards made to the named executive officers, and the
retention agreements, the term "Change in Control" means that one of the following events has occurred:
0 Any person or group of persons acting in concert (a "person" being an individual or organization) acquires 35%
or more in voting power or stock of the Company, or the right to obtain such voting power;
0 A majority of the Board is, for any reason, not made up of individuals who are currently on the Board or who were
approved by the current directors or directors approved by the current directors;
0 As a result of a corporate transaction such as a merger, the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to
such transaction do not own more than 50% of the Company's outstanding shares; or
0 50% or more of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries are sold or distributed, unless the shareholders
of the Company continue to own those assets in the same percentage as their ownership of Company stock prior
to the sale or liquidation (in the case of the Supplemental Plan, the retention agreements and certain outstanding
equity awards); or all or substantially all assets of the Company or Tiffany are sold or disposed of to an unrelated
party (in the case of other outstanding equity awards).
Certain Change in Control events will be considered "Terminating Transactions," provided the acquirer does not arrange
to assume or replace the grant. TerminatingTransactionsinclude (i) the dissolution of the Company, or (ii) if the Company
comes under the substantial ownership (80%) of another person.
i; Non-Competition Covenants Affected by Change in Control
§ In the event of a Change in Control, certain non-competition covenants, which ordinarily would apply forthe year following
Q termination of employment, would terminate upon a Change in Control. In the table at PS-90, we have not assigned
» any value to a potential reduction.
g OTHER TERMINATIONS
Death or Disability
If any of the NEOs had died or become disabled on January 31, 2017, stock options then unvested would have vested
at the values disclosed in the column "Early Vesting of Stock Options" in the table above at PS-90. Further, RSUs and
certain PSUs would have vested under the terms of the outstanding awards at the following values: Mr. Cumenal,
$5,044,929; Mr. Erceg, $2,066,636; Mr. Bellaiche, $1,019,975; Ms. Cloud, $1,181,745; and Mr. Galtie, $701,002.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-94