Board's refreshment objectives, the Board appointed three new independent directors as contemplated by the
Cooperation Agreement.
RESIGNATION ON JOB CHANGE OR NEW DIRECTORSHIP
Under the Company's Corporate Governance Principles, a director must submit a letter of resignation to the Nominating/
Corporate Governance Committee on a change in employment or significant change in job responsibilities and upon
accepting or resolving to accept a directorship with another public company (or any other organization that would require
a significant time commitment). The Committee shall promptly determine, in light of the circumstances, whether to
accept or decline such resignation. In certain instances, taking into account all relevant factors and circumstances, the
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee may decline such resignation, but recommend to the Board that such
director cease participation in one or more committees or that such director not be re-nominated to the Board. The
letter of resignation will be of no force and effect if not accepted by the Committee within 10 days of receipt.
MANAGEMENT SUGGESSION PLANNING
One of the Board's primary responsibilities is to ensure that the Company has a high-quality management team in place.
The Board, assisted by the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, is responsible for selecting, evaluating the
performance of, and determining whether to retain or replace the Company's CEO. Pursuant to the Company's Corporate
Governance Principles, any such evaluations and determinations must be made with a view towards the effectiveness
and execution of the strategies and decisions set forth by the CEO regarding the Company's long-term strategic plan
and long-term financial performance.
In February 2017, the Board determined that accelerating execution of the Company's core business strategies was
necessary for the Company to compete more effectively and improve performance, and the Company's then-serving CEO
stepped down from that position. On that same date, the Board appointed Mr. Kowalski as Interim CEO and formed a
Search Committee to identify potential candidates for the CEO position. Based on the Search Committee's initial
assessment of candidates, it will propose suitable individuals for consideration by the full Board. The Company expects
that Mr. Kowalski will continue to serve as Interim CEO until a new CEO is appointed by the Company.
The Board also evaluates at least annually, in conjunction with the CEO, the performance and potential of the Company's ‘
other executive officers. The Board, assisted by the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, also participates in
the planning for the succession of the Company's other executive officers.
BOARD ROLE IN RISK OVERSIGHT E
The Board believes that (i) management is responsible for identifying, assessing and managing the various risks that 3
may arise in the Company's operations and ensuring that the Board is appropriately aware of any such material risks, 5
and (ii) the Board has a role in overseeing management in the risk management function.
[I
Management's approach to risk management includes systems of authorities and approval levels; internal control checks 0-
and balances; analytical methods for making and evaluating decisions; annual operating and profit planning; strategic
planning; and nurturing a corporate culture that rewards integrity and supports the TIFFANY & CO. brand image. This .
approach to risk management includes these goals: that every risk should, when possible and practicable, be identified,
quantified as to monetary impact, assigned a probability factor, and properly delegated to management for a response.
Operational risks so categorized are used to inform and shape the internal audit plan and are communicated to the
Company's independent registered public accountingfirm so that they can be referenced and used, if deemed appropriate,
to inform and shape the external audit plan. Strategic risks are identified and are addressed in the strategic planning
process.
Each year management is charged with the preparation of detailed business plans for the coming one-year (the annual
operating plan) and three-year (the strategic plan) periods and is required to review these plans, as they are developed
and refined, with the Board. Such plans include both financial and non-financial considerations. The Board requires
management to plan on the basis of realistic assumptions. In this process, the Board endeavors to assess whether
management has made an appropriate analysis of the operational and brand risks inherent in the plans.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-29