Certain competitors may react to such conditions by reducing retail prices and promoting such reductions; such
reductions and/or inventory liquidations can have a short-term adverse effect on the Company's sales, especially
given the Company's policy of not engaging in price promotional activity.
The Company has invested in and operates a significant number of stores in Greater China and anticipates
continuing to do so. Any slowdown in the Chinese economy could have a negative impact on the sales and
profitability of stores in Greater China as well as stores in other markets that serve Chinese tourists.
Uncertainty surrounding the current global economic environment makes it more difficult for the Company to
forecast operating results. The Company's forecasts employ the use of estimates and assumptions. Actual results
could differ from forecasts, and those differences could be material.
(ii) Sales may decline or remain flat in the Company's fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the Holiday selling season.
The Company's business is seasonal in nature, with the fourth quarter typically representing approximately one-third
of annual net sales and a higher percentage of annual net earnings. Poor sales results during the fourth quarter
’ would have an adverse effect on annual earnings and inventories in the short-term.
(iii) The Company conducts operations globally, the risks of which could increase its costs, reduce its profits or disrupt its
business.
T]
G)
The Company operates globally and generates a majority of its worldwide net sales outside the United States. It also
ﬂ has both US. and foreign manufacturing operations, and relies on certain US. and foreign third-party vendors and
g suppliers. In addition, the Company maintains investments in, and has provided loans to, certain foreign suppliers.
As a result, the Company is subject to the risks of doing business globally, including:
0 the laws, regulations and policies of governments relating to investments, loans and operations, the
costs or desirability of complying with local practices and customs and the impact of various anti-
corruption and other laws affecting the activities of US. companies abroad;
0 uncertainties from changes in US. or foreign taxation policies, including, for example, as a result of
recent proposals to reform the manner in which the earnings of US. multinational corporations are
taxed by the US. government;
0 compliance by third party vendors and suppliers with the Company’s sourcing and quality standards,
codes of conduct, or contractual requirements as well as applicable laws and regulations;
0 import and export licensing requirements and regulations, as well as unforeseen changes in regulatory
requirements;
0 political or economic instability in foreign countries, including the potential for rapid and unexpected
changes in government, economic and political policies (including diplomatic and trade relations with
other countries), political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism or the threat of international boycotts or US.
anti-boycott legislation — as a result of, for example, (1) the United Kingdom's referendum vote to exit
the European Union, as discussed below, or (2) changes in government policies resulting from the
recent change in the US. Presidential administration;
0 challenges inherent in oversight of foreign operations, systems and controls; for example, in the fourth
quarter of 2015, management identified inaccuracies in the Japan segment relating to the timing of
recognizing sales and related costs, as well as inventory, at period-ends. Management determined
these inaccuracies did not materially affect the Company's annual or quarterly financial statements,
including the reported financial information for the Japan segment. However, management has
reviewed the processes and personnel involved and completed appropriate remediation activities;
0 potential negative consequences from foreign governments' currency management practices;
0 uncertainties as to enforcement of certain contract and other rights; and
o inventory risk exposures.
In June 2016, voters in the United Kingdom approved an advisory referendum to withdraw from the European Union,
commonly referred to as "Brexit." lf passed into law, negotiations will commence to determine the United Kingdom's
future relationship with the European Union, including terms of trade. Such negotiations will likely be complex and
TIFFANY & co.
K-12