TERMINATION FOR CAUSE
Stock options granted under the 2005 Employee Incentive Plan or the 2014 Employee Incentive Plan may not
be exercised after a termination for cause. PS Us will not vest if termination for cause occurs before the conclusion
of the three-year performance period. Likewise, time-vesting RSUs will not vest if termination for cause occurs
before the vesting date provided for in the award.
RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS
Mr. Nicoletti is subject to restrictive covenants that will terminate in January 2018 or, if earlier, a change in
control (as defined in such covenants). Mr. Cumenal's employment agreement also provided for certain post-
employment restrictions (as modified by his separation agreement). See "Other Employment Agreements or
Severance Plans for Named Executive Officers—Frederic Cumenal Employment Agreement“ at PS-63.
The remaining NEOs are required to sign restrictive covenants with a post-employment term that will end upon
the earlier of a Change in Control (as defined in the retention agreements), orthe first anniversary of the termination
of employment. The restrictive covenants include a non-compete restriction, a non-solicitation restriction with
respect to employees and customers and a no-hire restriction with respect to employees.
Violation of the covenants will result in:
0 loss of certain benefits under the nonqualified retirement plans;
0 loss of all rights under stock options, RSUs and PSUs (whether or not vested); and
0 mandatory repayment of all proceeds from stock options exercised or RSUs or PS Us vested during a period
beginning six months before termination and throughout the duration of the non-competition covenant.
CLAWBACK POLICY
The executive officers are subject to a policy that expressly provides for recoupment of executive incentive-based
compensation if an accounting restatement is required due to material noncompliance with any financial reporting l
requirements. For purposes of the policy, incentive-based compensation means pay which has been calculated
based on objective performance criteria included in publicly reported financial information reported by the
Company, and includes PSUs and cash incentive awards. Time-vesting stock options and RSUs, or proceeds
therefrom, are not subject to this policy.
Under the policy, in the event of a material restatement, the Board will review the incentive-based compensation g
paid to executive officers during the three-year period preceding the issuance of the restatement to determine >_
if excess incentive compensation was paid. Excess incentive compensation is defined to be any incentive
compensation in excess of that which would have been paid if the applicable material restatement had been E
applied at the time of payment.
The Board may seek recoupment of after-tax excess incentive compensation from one or more of the executive ‘
officers who received excess payment.
COMPENSATION RISK ASSESSMENT
The Committee has reviewed an assessment by management of the Company's compensation programs and
practices for employees, including executive and non-executive programs and practices. Selected key areas that
were reviewed, together with management's assessment of these elements, included pay mix, performance
metrics, performance goals and payout curves, payment timing and adjustments, equity incentives, stock
ownership requirements and trading policies, and leadership and culture. Sound practices were identified in
each of these respective areas. As a result of the review, the Committee determined that any risks that may result
from the Company's compensation programs and practices are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse
effect on the Company.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-65