NEW YORK FLAGSHIP STORE
The Company owns the building, but not the air rights above the building, housing its New York Flagship store at
727 Fifth Avenue, which was designed to be a retail store for Tiffany and is well located for this function.
Approximately 45,500 gross square feet of this 124,000 square foot building are devoted to retail sales, with the
balance devoted to administrative offices, certain product services, jewelry manufacturing and storage. The New York
Flagship store is also the focal point for marketing and public relations efforts. Sales in this store represent less than
10% of worldwide net sales.
RETAIL SERVICE CENTER
The Company's Retail Service Center ("RSC"), located in Parsippany, New Jersey, comprises approximately 370,000
square feet. Approximately half of the building is devoted to office and information technology operations and half to
warehousing, shipping, receiving, merchandise processing and other distribution functions. The RSC receives
merchandise and replenishes retail stores. The Company has a 20-year lease for this facility, which expires in 2025,
and has two 10-year renewal options.
CUSTOMER FULFILLMENT CENTER
The Company owns the Customer Fulfillment Center ("CFC") in Whippany, New Jersey and leases the land on which
the facility resides. The CFC is approximately 266,000 square feet and is primarily used for warehousing %
merchandise and processing direct-to-customer orders. The land lease expires in 2032 and the Company has the P
right to renew the lease for an additional 20-year term.
9
MANUFACTURING FACILITIES LL
The Company owns and operates jewelry manufacturing facilities in Cumberland, Rhode Island and Lexington,
Kentucky, and leases a jewelry manufacturing facility in Pelham, New York as well as a facility in the Dominican f ‘
Republic which performs certain functions such as jewelry polishing. Lease expiration dates range from 2019 to
2023. The owned and leased facilities total approximately 225,000 square feet.
The Company leases a facility in Belgium and owns facilities in Botswana, Cambodia, Mauritius and Vietnam
(although the land in Botswana, Cambodia and Vietnam is leased) that prepare, cut and/or polish rough diamonds for
use by Tiffany. These facilities total approximately 280,000 square feet and the lease expiration dates range from
2021 to 2062.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
Arbitration Award. On December 21, 2013, an award was issued (the "Arbitration Award") in favor of The Swatch
Group Ltd. ("Swatch") and its wholly owned subsidiary Tiffany Watch Co. ("Watch Company"; Swatch and Watch
Company, together, the "Swatch Parties") in an arbitration proceeding (the "Arbitration") between the Registrant and
its wholly owned subsidiaries, Tiffany and Company and Tiffany (NJ) Inc. (the Registrant and such subsidiaries,
together, the "Tiffany Parties") and the Swatch Parties.
The Arbitration was initiated in June 2011 by the Swatch Parties, who sought damages for alleged breach of
agreements entered into by and among the Swatch Parties and the Tiffany Parties in December 2007 (the
"Agreements"). The Agreements pertained to the development and commercialization of a watch business and,
among other things, contained various licensing and governance provisions and approval requirements relating to
business, marketing and branding plans and provisions allocating profits relating to sales of the watch business
between the Swatch Parties and the Tiffany Parties.
In general terms, the Swatch Parties alleged that the Tiffany Parties breached the Agreements by obstructing and
delaying development of Watch Company’s business and otherwise failing to proceed in good faith. The Swatch
Parties sought damages based on alternate theories ranging from CHF 73.0 million (or approximately $73.0 million
at January 31, 2017) (based on its alleged wasted investment) to CHF 3.8 billion (or approximately $3.8 billion at
January 31, 2017) (calculated based on alleged future lost profits of the Swatch Parties and their affiliates over the
entire term of the Agreements).
TIFFANY & C0.
K-19