Each year the Board reviews and approves the annual operating plan and the strategic plan. The Board also reviews
specific risk areas on a regular basis. These include insured risks, management authority, investor relations, litigation
risks, foreign currency risks, diamond and product supply risks and inventory risks.
The Audit Committee is required to discuss policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management and regularly
does so. The Audit Committee concerns itself most specifically with the integrity of the financial reporting process, but
also with personnel, asset and information security risks.
The Finance Committee concerns itself principally with liquidity risk.
The Company has not designated an overall risk management officer and has no formal policy for coordination of risk
management oversight amongst the two Board committees involved. The committee structure was not organized
specifically for the purpose of risk management oversight.
The Board coordinates the risk management oversight function in the following manner. Both the Finance Committee
and the Audit Committee share the minutes of their meetings with the Board and report regularly to the Board, to the
extent the full Board is not otherwise present for such meetings. All committee meetings are open to the other directors
and most regularly attend because the committee meetings are regularly scheduled on the day of, or the day preceding,
Board meetings.
BUSINESS CONDUCT POLICY AND CODE OF ETHICS
The Company has a long-standing policy governing business conduct for all Company employees worldwide. The policy
requires compliance with law and avoidance of conflicts of interest and sets standards for various activities to avoid the
potential for abuse or the occasion for illegal or unethical activities. This policy covers, among other activities, the
protection of confidential Company information, insider information and transactions in Company securities, the
acceptance of gifts from those seeking to do business with the Company, the giving of gifts or other items of value to
third parties, processing one's own transactions, protection of computer passwords, political contributions made through
the use of Company funds, prohibition of discrimination or harassment, theft or unauthorized use of Company assets
and reporting dishonest activity. Each year, all employees are required to review the policy, report any violations or
conflicts of interest and affirm their obligation to report future violations to management.
The Company has a toll-free "hotline" to receive complaints from employees, vendors, shareholders and other interested
parties concerning violations of the Company's policies or questionable accounting, internal controls or auditing matters.
(9 The toll-free phone number is 877-806-7464. The hotline is operated by a third-party service provider to assure the
ยง confidentiality and completeness of all information received. Users of this service may elect to remain anonymous.
g The Company also has a Code of Business and Ethical Conduct for the directors, the CEO, the Chief Financial Officer
and all other executive officers of the Company. The Code advocates and requires those persons to adhere to principles
and responsibilities governing professional and ethical conduct. This Code supplements the Company's business conduct
policy. Waivers may only be made by the Board. A summary of the Company's business conduct policy and a copy of
the Code of Business and Ethical Conduct are posted on the Company's website, www.tiffany.com, by clicking "l nvestors"
at the bottom of the page, and then selecting "Corporate Governance" from the left-hand column. The Board has not
adopted a policy by which it will disclose amendments to, or waivers from, the Company's Code of Business and Ethical
Conduct on the Company's website. Accordingly, the Company will file a report on Form 8-K if that Code is amended
or if the Board has granted a waiver from such Code, including an implicit waiver. The Company will file such a report
only if the waiver applies to the Company's principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer or controller, and if such waiver relates to: honest and ethical conduct; full, fair, accurate, timely and
understandable disclosure; compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; the prompt internal
reporting of violations of the Code; or accountability for adherence to the Code.
POLITICAL SPENDING
The Board has adopted the Tiffany & Co. Principles Governing Corporate Political Spending, which are intended to
ensure oversight, transparency and effective decision-making with respect to the Company's political spending. The
principles may be viewed on the Company's website, www.tiffany.com, by clicking "Investors" at the bottom of the page,
and then selecting "Corporate Governance" from the left-hand column.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-30