shares), based on achievement of net earnings per share, on a diluted basis, and return on assets relative to
pre—establ ished targets.
0 Incentive compensation is subject to recoupment in the event of an accounting restatement due to material
noncompliance with financial reporting requirements.
0 Executive officers are expected under the Company's share ownership policy to hold shares of common stock
worth five times their annual base salary for the CEO and two to three times their annual base salary for other
named executive officers.
0 In the event of a change in control, severance benefits are only payable upon an involuntary termination ("dual
trigger").
° The Compensation Committee of the Board retains an independent compensation consultant to advise on the
executive compensation program and practices.
2018 ANNUAL MEETING
If you wish to submit a proposal to be included in the Proxy Statement for our 2018 Annual Meeting, we must receive
it no later than December 8, 2017. Proposals should be sent to the Company at 727 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York
10022 to the attention of the Corporate Secretary (Legal Department).
0ur By-laws set forth certain procedures for shareholders of record who wish to nominate directors or propose other
business to be considered at an annual meeting. If you wish to nominate a candidate for election as a director at an
annual meeting or propose other business for consideration at an annual meeting, written notice complying with the
requirements set forth in our By-laws generally must be delivered to the Company at 727 Fifth Avenue, New York, New
York 10022 to the attention of the Corporate Secretary (Legal Department), not later than 90 days, and not earlier than
120 days, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting. Accordingly, a shareholder nomination
or proposal intended to be considered at the 2018 Annual Meeting must be received by the Company no earlier than
January 25, 2018 and no later than February 24, 2018.
Except as required by applicable law, the Company will consider only proposals meeting these requirements and the
applicable requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and our By-laws. ‘
g
>.<
G)
[I
n.
TIFFANY & co.
Ps-5