Tiffany and the broader luxury industry were faced with macroeconomic challenges, geopolitical
uncertainties, and volatile currencies in 2016, which we believe affected spending by both local
customers and foreign tourists. While we anticipate that these factors will continue to be relevant in
2017, our management team continues to believe in our core strategies and is focused on accelerating
execution of those strategies.
We introduced new products in 2016 across a wide range of materials and price points — including
magnificent high jewelry crafted in diamonds and platinum, beautiful jewelry designs in gold and sterling
silver, and our growing collection of watches. We remain committed to a more active pace of new product
introductions and innovations.
0ur marketing communications reached an increasingly global audience through print, digital and social
media, and we aired our first-ever commercial during the Super Bowl.
We further optimized our worldwide distribution in 2016 by opening 11 stores, relocating five, closing
five, and renovating many additional stores, as well as adding visually appealing and informative features
to our website — all of which are intended to enhance engagement with our customers and better their
experiences with Tiffany.
The focus on advancing our business operations through supply chain excellence, systems
enhancements and our global procurement strategy is helping to ensure product availability, streamlined
operations and cost efficiency.
We also continued to demonstrate our commitment to corporate social responsibility and environmental
sustainability, an area of great importance to us and our customers. It is one of the core values of our
brand, and I encourage you to learn more about our practices and objectives on Tiffany’s website.
In sum, Tiffany’s Board and management team remain focused on strengthening the Company’s position
as one of the world’s most important luxury brands, and delivering attractive total shareholder returns
over time.
Our Board of Directors also believes that our recent change in leadership and our intention to accelerate
the execution of our strategic initiatives is paramount to delivering on these objectives. We are committed
to hiring a new chief executive officer who has the right combination of skills and experience to help us
improve our financial performance in the long term by executing on our core business strategies, and
realizing the many opportunities before us.
We appreciate your ongoing interest and support.
Sincerely,
W Km”