0 decrease the minimum exercise price for an option or permit the surrender of an option as consideration in
exchange for a new award with a lower exercise price, or
0 increase the maximum term of an Option as described above under Options.
Federal Income Tax Consequences of Plan Awards
The Company believes that the federal income tax treatment of the various awards that may be made under the Plan
will be as described below. The following is based on existing United States laws and regulations, and there can be no
assurance that those laws and regulations will not change in the future. Tax consequences in other countries may vary.
This information is not intended as tax advice to anyone, including participants in the 2017 Directors Plan.
The grant of an NQSO will not have any tax consequence to the Company nor to the participant. The exercise of an
NQSO will require the participant to include in his or her taxable ordinary income the amount by which the fair market
value of the acquired shares on the exercise date exceeds the option price. Upon a subsequent sale or taxable exchange
of shares acquired upon the option exercise, the participant will recognize a long- or short-term capital gain or loss
equal to the difference between the amount realized on the sale and the tax basis of such shares (the fair market value
on the exercise date). The Company will be entitled to a deduction at the same time and in the same amount as the
participant is in receipt of income in consequence of his or her exercise of an NQSO.
The grant of a stock award (including a stock unit) will not have any tax consequence to the Company nor to the
participant if, at the time of the grant, the shares or units provided to the participant are subject to a substantial risk
of forfeiture, and provided further that the participant chooses not to elect to recognize income. The participant may,
however, elect to recognize taxable ordinary income at the time of a stock (but not a unit) grant equal to the fair market
value of the stock awarded. Failing such an election, as of the date the shares provided to a participant under a stock
award are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, the participant will recognize taxable ordinary income
equal to the fair market value of the stock. The Company will be entitled to a deduction at the same time and in the
same amount as the participant is in receipt of income in consequence of the grant of a stock award.
THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" APPROVAL OF THE ADOPTION
OF THE TIFFANY & CO. 2017 DIRECTORS EOUITY COMPENSATION PLAN.
g
>.<
G)
o:
o.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-103