The Company used an expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets of 7.00% to determine its 2016
pension expense. Holding all other assumptions constant, a 0.5% change in the long-term rate of return would have
changed the 2016 pension expense by approximately $1.7 million. The expected long-term rate of return on pension
plan assets is selected by taking into account the average rate of return expected on the funds invested or to be
invested to provide for the benefits included in the projected benefit obligation. More specifically, consideration is
given to the expected rates of return (including reinvestment asset return rates) based upon the plan's current asset
mix, investment strategy and the historical performance of plan assets.
For postretirement benefit measurement purposes, a 7.00% annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered
health care was assumed for 2017. The rate was assumed to decrease gradually to 4.75% by 2023 and remain at
that level thereafter. A one-percentage-point change in the assumed health-care cost trend rate would not have a
significant effect on the Company's accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for the year ended January 31,
2017 or aggregate service and interest cost components of the 2016 postretirement expense.
2017 Outlook ‘
For the fiscal year ending January 31, 2018 ("fiscal 2017"), management's outlook calls for: (i) worldwide net sales
increasing over the prior year by a low-single-digit percentage and by a mid-single-digit percentage on a constant-
exchange-rate basis and (ii) net earnings per diluted share increasing by a high-single-digit percentage over 2016's 3
earnings per diluted share of $3.55 and by a mid-single-digit percentage over 2016's earnings per diluted share P
(excluding charges) of $3.75 (see "Non-GAAP Measures"). These expectations are approximations and are based on E
the Company's plans and assumptions, including: (i) worldwide gross retail square footage increasing 3%, net
through 11 store openings, 9 relocations and 6 closings; (ii) operating margin above the prior year entirely due to an
expected increase in gross margin, with SG&A expenses increasing slightly faster than sales growth; (iii) interest and
other expenses, net of approximately $40 million; (iv) an effective income tax rate consistent with the prior year; (v)
the US. dollar in 2017 stronger overall than other foreign currencies on a year-over-year basis; and (vi) minimal f ‘
benefit to net earnings per diluted share from share repurchases.
Management also expects for fiscal 2017: (i) net cash provided by operating activities of approximately $700 million
and (ii) free cash flow (see "Non-GAAP Measures") of approximately $450 million. These expectations are
approximations and are based on the Company's plans and assumptions, including: (i) net inventories unchanged
from the prior year, (ii) capital expenditures of $250 million and (iii) net earnings in line with management’s
expectations as described above.
NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
See "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note B. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies."
OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.
TIFFANY & co.
K-47