In March 2017, after reviewing and concurring with the recommendation of the Interim CEO, the Committee
determined that the payout percentage for the Corporate Portion would be 79% of the target short-term incentive
award, as Fiscal 2016 operating earnings, excluding certain charges as permitted under the 2014 Employee
Incentive Plan, equaled $759.2 million (see Appendix I at PS—105).
Individual Portion
In March 2017, the Committee reviewed and concurred with the Interim CEO's recommendations with respect
to the payout of the Individual Portion for the N E03. The individual performance of each NEO eligible for payment
of a Fiscal 2016 award was compared to the objectives set at the beginning of Fiscal 2016. Based on the
Individual Portion, the Committee determined to pay Mr. Cumenal 8% of his target award, and each of the
remaining NEO's 20% of his or her target award.
Based on the Committee's determination as to the Corporate and Individual Portions, Mr. Cumenal was paid
87% of his target award. The remaining NEOs eligible for payment of a short-term incentive award for Fiscal
2016 were paid 99% of their target awards.
Fiscal 2017
For Fiscal 2017, the Committee generally retained the short-term incentive structure from Fiscal 2016, but
added a second corporate performance metric, Constant Currency Sales Growth. In January 2017, the Committee
established target and maximum short-term incentive amounts for the NEOs, with the maximum amount equal
to 200% of the target amount.
In March 2017, the Committee established $469 million of operating earnings (subject to permitted adjustments)
as the threshold necessary for a pay-out of the Fiscal 2017 short-term incentive awards (the "Base Threshold").
Payment of any short-term incentive awarded for Fiscal 2017 will be contingent on meeting the Base Threshold.
If the Base Threshold is not met, no short-term incentive will be paid. The Committee has provided guidance to
the executive officers indicating that, if the Base Threshold is met, the Committee intends to calculate the
amount to be paid based 60% on achievement of operating earnings goals, 20% on achievement of Constant
Currency Sales Growth goals, and 20% on individual performance based on the factors described at PS—52.
Thus, full achievement of operating earnings goals, Constant Currency Sales Growth goals and individual goals, ‘
each at the maximum goal levels, will result in payment of 60%, 20% and 20%, respectively, of the maximum
short-term incentive (120%, 40%, and 40%, respectively, of target). Notwithstanding this guidance, the
Committee has retained the discretion to pay out the maximum short-term incentive, or reduce the payout from
the maximum to any amount down to $0, provided the Base Threshold is met.
For purposes of evaluating performance once the Base Threshold is achieved, the Committee also established g
in March 2017 threshold, target and maximum performance goals for operating earnings and Constant Currency >-
Sales Growth. The operating earnings goals against which operating earnings performance will be measured are
substantially higher than the Base Threshold. In addition, in recognition of the challenges of setting precise E
target amounts, and to avoid windfalls or deficits resulting from slight variances from target, target goals for
operating earnings and Constant Currency Sales Growth were expressed as ranges. To increase incentives for
above-target performance and in recognition of the difficulty of achieving above-target results, the threshold, ‘
target and maximum goals for each metric were set so that the increase in payout resulting from above-target
performance is greaterthan the reduction in payout resulting from an equivalent level of below-target performance.
TIFFANY & C0.
Ps-53