computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches or natural disasters. Damage,
disruption or shutdown of the Company’s information systems may require a significant investment to fix or replace
them, and the Company could suffer interruptions in its operations in the interim.
In addition, in the ordinary course of business, the Company regularly evaluates and makes changes and upgrades to
its information systems. The Company has commenced a multi-year effort to evaluate and, where appropriate, to
upgrade and/or replace certain of its information systems, including systems for global customer relationship
management, order management and inventory management. These system changes and upgrades can require
significant capital investments and dedication of resources. While the Company follows a disciplined methodology
when evaluating and making such changes, there can be no assurances that the Company will successfully
implement such changes, that such changes will occur without disruptions to its operations or that the new or
upgraded systems will achieve the desired business objectives. For example, in 2016 the Company recorded a pre-
tax impairment charge of $25.4 million related to software costs capitalized in connection with the development of a
new finished goods inventory management and merchandising information system. See "Item 7. Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Information Systems Assessment" for a
discussion of this impairment charge.
Any damage, disruption or shutdown of the Company's information systems, or the failure to successfully implement
new or upgraded systems, such as those referenced above, could have a direct material adverse effect on the
_n Company's results of operations, could undermine the Company's ability to execute on its strategic and operational
é) initiatives, and could also affect the Company's reputation, its ability to compete effectively, its relationship with
customers and the TIFFANY & CO. brand, which could result in reduced sales and profitability.
ﬂ
3 (xiii) The loss or a prolonged disruption in the operation of the Company's centralized distribution centers could adversely
affect its business and operations.
The Company maintains two separate distribution centers in close proximity to one another in New Jersey. Both are
dedicated to warehousing merchandise; one handles worldwide store replenishment and the other processes direct-
to-customer orders. Although the Company believes that it has appropriate contingency plans, unforeseen disruptions
impacting one or both locations for a prolonged period of time may result in delays in the delivery of merchandise to
stores or in fulfilling customer orders.
(xiv) The loss or a prolonged disruption in the operation of the Company's internal manufacturing facilities could adversely
affect its business and operations.
The Company's internal manufacturing facilities produce approximately 60% of the merchandise sold by the
Company. Any prolonged disruption to their operations would require the Company to seek alternate sources of
production and could have a negative effect on inventory availability and sales until such sources are established.
(xv) If diamond mining and exploration companies to which the Company or its subsidiaries have provided financing were to
experience financial difficulties, those funds might not be recovered, which would reduce the Company's earnings.
The Company and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, provide financing to diamond mining and exploration
companies in order to obtain rights to purchase mining output. Mining Operations are inherently risky, and often
occur in regions subject to additional political, social and environmental risks. Given these risks, there is no
assurance that the diamond mining and exploration companies subject to these arrangements will be able to meet
their obligations to the Company under their financing agreements. If a diamond mining or exploration company
defaults under its financing agreement, the Company would be required to evaluate whether it should take a period
charge in respect of all or a portion of the financing, which would affect the Company's earnings.
For example, in 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded impairment charges, and related valuation allowances, of
$4.2 million and $37.9 million, respectively, associated with a $43.8 million financing arrangement with Koidu
Limited (previously Koidu Holdings S.A.). See "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Note J.
Commitments and Contingencies" for additional information.
TIFFANY & co.
K-16