TIFFANY& Co.
727 FIFTH AVENUE
NEW YORK NEW YORK 10022
212 755 8000
MICHAEL I. KOWALSKI
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD AND
INTERIM CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Apnl7,2017
Dear Shareholder:
You are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Tiffany & Co. on Thursday,
May 25, 2017. This year’s meeting will be held at The Rubin Museum of Art, 150 West 17th Street (at
Seventh Avenue) in New York, and will begin at 9:30 am.
To attend the meeting, you will need to register online. To do so, please follow the instructions in the
Proxy Statement on page PS-10. When you arrive at the meeting, you will be asked to provide your
registration confirmation and photo identification. We appreciate your cooperation.
Your participation in the affairs of Tiffany & Co. is important. Therefore, please vote your shares
regardless of whether or not you plan to attend the meeting. You can vote by accessing the Internet site
to vote electronically, by completing and returning the enclosed proxy card by mail, or by calling the
number listed on the card and following the prompts.
Fiscal 2016 was a year of significant challenges. However, we made progress in pursuing strategies
that we expect will drive sales, earnings growth and long-term shareholder value. We are focused
on increasing the rate of our new product introductions and innovations, maximizing our marketing
effectiveness, strengthening relationships with customers, optimizing our store network, and improving
our business operations and processes, all while effectively managing our capital and costs.
Worldwide net sales of $4 billion were 3% lower than a year ago and comparable store sales declined 5%
due to varying degrees of softness in most regions. There was no translation effect on sales on a full-year
worldwide basis.
Net earnings of $446 million, or $3.55 per diluted share, were modestly below the prior year, as the sales
decline was mitigated by a higher gross margin and prudent expense management. Excluding charges
recorded in the current and prior years, net earnings per diluted share declined 2% to $3.75 in 2016
(see “Non-GAAP Measures” on page K-29).
We remained focused on capital stewardship and managing our balance sheet with discipline, and
we generated strong cash flow that is available to reinvest in our business and return to shareholders
through dividends and share repurchases.
Last May, our Board of Directors approved a 12.5% increase in the quarterly cash dividend, representing
the 15th increase in the past 14 years, and, during the last fiscal year, we repurchased $184 million of
shares. Our strong balance sheet provides us with the flexibility to pursue our growth strategies while
enabling us to deliver cash returns to shareholders.