(x) The Company's business is dependent upon the distinctive appeal of the TIFFANY & CO. brand.
The TIFFANY & CO. brand's association with quality and luxury is integral to the success of the Company's business.
The Company's expansion plans for retail and direct selling operations and development, production and
management support the appeal of the TIFFANY & CO. brand. Consequently, poor maintenance, promotion and
positioning of the TIFFANY & CO. brand, as well as market over-saturation, may adversely affect the business by
diminishing the distinctive appeal of the TIFFANY & CO. brand and tarnishing its image. This could result in lower
sales and earnings.
In addition, adverse publicity regarding TIFFANY & CO. and its products, as well as adverse publicity in respect of, or
resulting from, the Company's third-party vendors or the diamond or jewelry industries more generally, could
adversely affect the Company’s business. For example, the Company sources from third-party vendors certain
products that, from time to time, may not, or may contain raw materials that do not, meet the Company's sourcing
and quality standards as well as applicable requirements and regulations. In such instances, although the Company
may have recourse against such third-party vendors, the Company may self-report to the relevant regulatory agencies,
recall affected products and/or pay potential fines. By way of further example, during the Company's regular internal
quality testing, the Company identified a potential breach of the Company's sourcing and quality standards ‘
applicable to third party vendors. The Company is currently in the early stages of assessing the composition of
certain of its gold products manufactured by certain U.S. third-party vendors, which contain gold solder
manufactured by other U.S. vendors, to determine whether such products are in compliance with applicable
consumer products requirements and regulations. %
F>
Any of the above could harm the TIFFANY & CO. brand and reputation, cause a loss of consumer confidence in the
TIFFANY & CO. brand, its products and the industry, and/or negatively affect the Company's results of operations.
The considerable expansion in the use of social media in recent years has compounded the potential scope of any
negative publicity.
(xi) A significant data security or privacy breach of the Company's information systems could affect its business.
The protection of customer, employee and Company data is important to the Company, and its customers and
employees expect that their personal information will be adequately protected. In addition, the regulatory
environment surrounding information security and privacy is becoming increasingly demanding, with evolving
requirements in the various jurisdictions in which the Company does business. Although the Company has developed
and implemented systems and processes that are designed to protect personal and Company information and prevent
data loss and other security breaches, such measures cannot provide absolute security. Additionally, the Company’s
increased use and reliance on web-based hosted (i.e., cloud computing) applications and systems for the storage,
processing and transmission of information, including customer and employee information, could expose the
Company, its employees and its customers to a risk of loss or misuse of such information. The Company’s efforts to
protect personal and Company information may also be adversely impacted by data security or privacy breaches that
occur at its third-party vendors. While the Company's contractual arrangements with such third-party vendors provide
for the protection of Company data, the Company cannot control these vendors or their systems and cannot
guarantee that a data security or privacy breach of their systems will not occur in the future. A significant breach of
customer, employee or Company data could damage the Company's reputation, its relationship with customers and
the TIFFANY & CO. brand and could result in lost sales, sizable fines, significant breach-notification costs and
lawsuits as well as adversely affect results of operations. The Company may also incur additional costs in the future
related to the implementation of additional security measures to protect against new or enhanced data security and
privacy threats, to comply with state, federal and international laws that may be enacted to address those threats or
to investigate or address potential or actual data security or privacy breaches.
(xii) Any material disruption of, or a failure to successfully implement or make changes to, information systems could
negatively impact the Company's business.
The Company is increasingly dependent on its information systems to operate its business, including in designing,
manufacturing, marketing and distributing its products, as well as processing transactions, managing inventory and
accounting for and reporting its results. Given the complexity of the Company’s global business, it is critical that the
Company maintain the uninterrupted operation of its information systems. Despite the Company’s preventative
efforts, its information systems may be vulnerable to damage, disruption or shutdown due to power outages,
TIFFANY & CO.
K-15