ITEM 1. ELECTION OF THE BOARD
Each year, the Company elects directors at an annual meeting of its shareholders. Pursuant to the Company's By-laws,
directors are required to be less than age 74 when elected or appointed, unless the Board waives that provision with
respect to an individual director whose continued service is deemed uniquely important to the Company. The Board
has granted such a waiver in respect of the nomination of Charles K. Marquis, who is currently age 74, at the 2017
Annual Meeting. See "Board of Directors and Corporate Governance—Board Leadership Structure" and "—Board
Refreshment“ for additional information regarding this waiver.
At the 2017 Annual Meeting, 11 directors will be elected. Each of them will serve until he or she is succeeded by
another qualified director or until his or her earlier resignation or removal from office. Peter W. May is not standing for
re-election at the 2017 Annual Meeting, and the Board thanks him for his exemplary service to the Company.
It is not anticipated that any of this year's nominees will be unable to serve as a director but, if that should occur before
the 2017 Annual Meeting, the Board may either propose another nominee or reduce the number of directors to be
elected. If another nominee is proposed, you or your proxy will have the right to vote for that person at the 2017 Annual
Meeting.
Why the Nominees were Chosen to Serve. Each of the 11 nominees for director was recommended for nomination by
the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee and nominated by the full Board to stand for election by the
shareholders. All nominees, except Messrs. Farah, Lillie and Trapani, have previously been elected as directors by the
Company's shareholders.
On February 20, 2017, JANA and the Company entered into a Cooperation Agreement (the "Cooperation Agreement"),
pursuant to which the Company agreed that, subject to the conditions set forth therein, the Board would appoint (i)
Messrs. Farah, Lillie and Trapani to the Board and (ii) Mr. Trapani to the Search and Nominating/Corporate Governance
Committees, in each case no later than 10 business days after the date of the Cooperation Agreement. Messrs. Farah,
Lillie and Trapani were subsequently appointed to the aforementioned positions on March 6, 2017. Pursuant to the
Cooperation Agreement, the Company also agreed that, subject to the conditions set forth therein, the Board would
nominate each of Messrs. Farah, Lillie and Trapani for election to the Board at the 2017 Annual Meeting.
Messrs. Farah, Lillie and Trapani have each provided to the Company an executed irrevocable resignation letter from
the Board that will be effective (subject to Board acceptance) if JANA ceases to comply with or breaches any of the
terms of the Cooperation Agreement in any material respect and, after receiving notice of such breach, does not cure
such breach, and, solely with respect to Mr. Trapani, such resignation letter will also be effective (subject to Board
acceptance) if Mr. Trapani ceases to comply with or breaches any of the terms of a separate cooperation agreement,
entered into on February 20, 2017 between the Company and Mr. Trapani (the “Trapani Cooperation Agreement") in 3
any material respect and, after receiving notice of such breach, does not cure such breach. JANA and Mr. Trapani have 5
also each agreed that, for a specified period of time, they will vote their respective shares in favor of the election of
each of Messrs. Farah, Lillie and Trapani, as well as all directors who were members of the Board as of February 20, 3:)
2017 who are nominated and recommended by the Board for election at an annual meeting of shareholders. Pursuant 0-
to the Cooperation Agreement and the Trapani Cooperation Agreement, JANA and Mr. Trapani are each committed to
be independent of each other following the date of such Agreements. .
Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the Company agreed to limit waivers under the retirement age provision of its
By-laws referenced above, such that, in accordance with such mandatory retirement age, Mr. May will not stand for re-
election at the 2017 Annual Meeting and Messrs. Marquis and Costley will not stand for re-election at the 2018 Annual
Meeting. The foregoing summary of the Cooperation Agreement and Trapani Cooperation Agreement is not complete
and is subject to, and is qualified by reference to, the full text of the Cooperation Agreement and Trapani Cooperation
Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 10.37 and 10.38, respectively, to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed with the SEC on February 21, 2017.
The specific experience and qualifications of each director nominee is set forth in the brief biographies that follow.
Each of the nominees has many and diverse skill sets but those skills that most stand out are identified below at the
end of each biography as "Key Skills."
TIFFANY & co.
Ps-17