Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grants
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Granted for Fiscal 201 7
The Committee's practice has generally been to award PSUs to executive officers in January of each year. For
the PSUs granted in January 2017, the Committee established threshold, target and maximum goals for EPS
and operating cash flow at the start of the performance period. Vesting of these PSUs is dependent upon
achievement of either the EPS or operating cash flow threshold. If neither threshold is met, no PSUs will vest.
The Committee has provided guidance to the executive officers indicating that, if either the EPS or operating
cash threshold is met, it intends to calculate the number to vest based 80% on EPS goals and 20% on operating
cash flow goals. Thus, full achievement of the EPS goals and operating cash flow goals at the maximum goal
levels will result in vesting of 80% and 20%, respectively, of the maximum PSUs granted (160% and 40%,
respectively, of target PSUs).
0 EP8 was selected as a performance metric to reward earnings growth and incentivize execution of the
Company's strategic plans relating to sales growth, margin expansion, network optimization and efficient
capital allocation. This metric also aligns with shareholder interest, as the Committee believes the
Company's stock price over the long term is primarily driven by growth in EPS. EPS goals are measured
on a diluted basis and calculated on a cumulative basis for the three-year performance period.
0 Operating cash flow was added as a performance metric in January 2017, in lieu of the ROA modifier
used in prior years, to reward cash flow generation from operations through measures such as inventory
management, procurement initiatives intended to reduce costs, and systems and process enhancements.
Operating cash flow goals are also calculated on a cumulative basis for the three-year performance period.
The target goal is expressed as a range.
0 The EPS and operating cash flow goals were set by the Committee with reference to the Company's strategic
plan as approved by the Board.
0 The EPS and operating cash flow threshold, target and maximum goals, and the corresponding percentage
of target shares to be paid out at the end of the performance period (if any), are shown below. In evaluating
achievement of performance goals, the Committee is permitted under the 2014 Employee Incentive Plan
to exclude certain events. See "Short-Term Incentives—Permissible Adjustments to Evaluation of
E Performance" at PS-54.
© * ,
I I EPS I Operating Cash Flow I
Q Percentage of target Operating Cash Flow Percentage of target
E EP8 shares earned" (mi/lions) shares earned:*
g IBelow Threshold I Less than $9.55 I 0% I Less than $1,997 I 0% I
I Threshold I Equal to $9.55 I 20% I Equal to $1,997 I 0% I
0 Within the range of 0
Equal to or
I Maximum I greater than I 160% I quﬁl Hg; t???” I 40% I
$13.66 a“ ’
Shares calculated based on EPS goals plus operating cash flow goals =
total percentage of target shares paid out*
*Subject to linear interpolation if actual performance falls between threshold and target (or, in the case
of a target expressed as a range, the bottom of the target range), or between target (or, in the case of a
target expressed as a range, the top of the target range) and maximum. Target ranges include the ends
of the ranges.
0 Notwithstanding the above guidance, the Committee has retained the discretion to vest the maximum
number of PSUs granted, or reduce the number to vest from the maximum to any number down to zero,
provided that either the EPS or operating cash flow threshold is met.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-56