PART "I
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
Incorporated by reference from the sections titled "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance,"
"Executive Officers of the Company," "Item 1. Election of the Board," and "Board of Directors and Corporate
Governance" in Registrant's Proxy Statement dated April 7, 2017.
CODE OF ETHICS AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DISCLOSURES
Registrant has adopted a Code of Business and Ethical Conduct for its Directors, Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer and all other officers of the Registrant. A copy of this Code is posted on the corporate governance
section of the Registrant's website, http://investor.tiffany.com/governance.cfm; go to "Code of Conduct." The
Registrant will also provide a copy of the Code of Business and Ethical Conduct to stockholders upon request.
See Registrant's Proxy Statement dated April 7, 2017, for additional information within the section titled "Business ‘
Conduct Policy and Code of Ethics."
Item 11. Executive Compensation. %
Incorporated by reference from the section titled "Board of Directors and Corporate Governance" and "Compensation
of the CEO and Other Executive Officers" in Registrant's Proxy Statement dated April 7, 2017.
LC?
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
Incorporated by reference from the section titled "Ownership of the Company" and "Compensation of the CEO and , .
Other Executive Officers" in Registrant's Proxy Statement dated April 7, 2017.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.
Incorporated by reference from the sections titled "Board of Directors and Corporate Governance" and "Transactions
with Related Persons" in Registrant's Proxy Statement dated April 7, 2017.
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.
Incorporated by reference from the section titled "Relationship with Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm"
in Registrant's Proxy Statement dated April 7, 2017.
TIFFANY & CO.
K-99