MATERIAL DESIGNER LICENSE
Since 1974, Tiffany has been the sole licensee for the intellectual property rights necessary to make and sell jewelry
and other products designed by Elsa Peretti and bearing her trademarks. The designs of Ms. Peretti accounted for
9%, 8% and 8% of the Company's worldwide net sales in 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Tiffany is party to an Amended and Restated Agreement (the "Peretti Agreement") with Ms. Peretti, which largely
reflects the long-standing rights and marketing and royalty obligations of the parties. Pursuant to the Peretti
Agreement, Ms. Peretti grants Tiffany an exclusive license, in all of the countries in which Peretti-designed jewelry
and products are currently sold, to make, have made, advertise and sell these items. Ms. Peretti continues to retain
ownership of the copyrights for her designs and her trademarks and remains entitled to exercise approval and
consultation rights with respect to important aspects of the promotion, display, manufacture and merchandising of
the products made in accordance with her designs. Under and in accordance with the terms set forth in the Peretti
Agreement, Tiffany is required to display the licensed products in stores, to devote a portion of its advertising budget
to the promotion of the licensed products, to pay royalties to Ms. Peretti for the licensed products sold, to maintain
total on-hand and on-order inventory of non-jewelry licensed products (such as tabletop products) at approximately
’ $8.0 million and to take certain actions to protect Ms. Peretti's intellectual property, including to maintain
trademark registrations reasonably necessary to sell the licensed products in the markets in which the licensed
products are sold by Tiffany.
2:") The Peretti Agreement has a term that expires in 2032 and is binding upon Ms. Peretti, her heirs, estate, trustees
g and permitted assignees. During the term of the Peretti Agreement, Ms. Peretti may not sell, lease or otherwise
ﬂ dispose of her copyrights and trademarks unless the acquiring party expressly agrees with Tiffany to be bound by the
g provisions of the Peretti Agreement. The Peretti Agreement is terminable by Ms. Peretti only in the event of a
material breach by Tiffany (subject to a cure period) or upon a change of control of Tiffany or the Company. It is
terminable by Tiffany only in the event of a material breach by Ms. Peretti or following an attempt by Ms. Peretti to
revoke the exclusive license (subject, in each case, to a cure period).
PRODUCT SUPPLY CHAIN
The Company manufactures jewelry in New York, Rhode Island and Kentucky, polishes jewelry in the Dominican
Republic and crafts silver hollowware in Rhode Island. The Company processes, cuts and polishes rough diamonds at
facilities outside the US. In total, these internal manufacturing facilities produce approximately 60% of the jewelry
sold by the Company. The balance, including almost all non-jewelry items, is purchased from third-parties. The
Company may increase the percentage of internally-manufactured jewelry in the future, but management does not
expect that the Company will ever manufacture all of its needs. Factors considered by management in its decision to
use third-party manufacturers include access to or mastery of various product-making skills and technology, support
for alternative capacity, product cost and the cost of capital investments. To supply its internal manufacturing
facilities, the Company sources precious metals, rough diamonds, polished diamonds and other gemstones, as well
as certain fabricated components, from third parties.
Supply of Diamonds. The Company regularly purchases parcels of rough diamonds for polishing and further
processing. The vast majority of diamonds acquired by the Company originate from Botswana, Canada, Namibia,
Russia, Sierra Leone and South Africa. The Company has diamond processing operations in Belgium, Botswana,
Cambodia, Mauritius and Vietnam that prepare and/or cut and polish rough diamonds for its use. The Company
conducts operations in Botswana through a subsidiary in which local third-parties own minority, non-controlling
interests, allowing the Company to access rough diamond allocations reserved for local manufacturers. The Company
maintains a relationship and has an arrangement with these local third-parties; however, if circumstances warrant,
the Company could seek to replace its existing local partners or operate without local partners.
The Company secures supplies of rough diamonds primarily through arrangements with diamond producers and, to a
lesser extent, on the secondary market. These arrangements include purchase agreements under which the Company
agrees to purchase a minimum volume of rough diamonds, as well as arrangements in which the Company maintains
access to rough diamonds that are offered for sale (including as a sightholder), although with no contractual
obligation to purchase such rough diamonds. Additionally, the Company has a limited number of arrangements under
which the Company, having provided loans to, or made equity investments in, mining projects, has agreed to, or has
the right to, purchase a defined portion of a mine's output. All such supply arrangements are generally at the market
TIFFANY & C0.
K-8