° New performance metric for performance-based restricted stock units: operating cash flow. Toincentivize
execution of the Company's strategy to maximize cash flow through inventory management, cost-reducing
procurement initiatives and systems and process enhancements, the Committee added operating cash
flow as a performance metric for PSUs in lieu of the ROA modifier used in prior years. Operating cash
flow goals will be weighted 20% and EPS goals will be weighted 80% (reduced from 100% in the prior
year). The performance metrics for the PSUs granted in January 2017, compared to those for the PSUs
granted in January 2016, are shown below.
| Weighting* |
Operating
7 EP8 Return on Assets Cash Flow
Performance-based
restricted stock units 80% — 20%
granted in January 2017
Modifier
Performance-based -
restricted stock units 100% jiglggtﬂetgtrogt —
granted in January 2016 ach‘i’eved)g
9‘ Percentage of target award that may be paid upon achievement of goals at target. 7
0 Summary of performance metrics for short-term and long-term incentives. The new performance metrics
for short-term and long-term incentive compensation, and the strategic objectives to which they are
linked, are summarized below.
Form of Performance metric
Incentive Strategic objective and weighting*
Increased profitability through sales growth and Operating earnings
margin expansion. (60%)
- - - - Constant Currency
incentive awards g g ' (20%)
‘0 Individual goals, including strategic thinking and Ind'v'guilhfacgors dﬁermmed
3” leadership. y 9 0mm' ee
C3 (20%)
Earnings growth through sales growth, margin EPS
Q expansion, network optimization and capital (807)
3 allocation decisions. °
Performance- Effective cash generation, excluding impact of
based restricted capital expenditures, through focus on inventory
stock units management, procurement strategy and systems - 1*
and process enhancements. Operat'négazl; ﬂow
Ability to return value to shareholders through
dividends and share repurchases.
*Percentage of target award that may be paid upon achievement of goals at target.
** New performance metric added for Fiscal 2017.
0 Addition of time-vesting restricted stock units. Time-vesting restricted stock units ("RSUs") were added
to the long-term incentive compensation provided to senior executive officers other than the Chief
Executive Officer ("CEO") and executives with the title of Executive Vice President (which currently
includes only the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO")). The NEOs affected by this change will receive 25%
of their long-term incentive compensation in the form of RSUs, 25% in the form of stock options (reduced
from 50% in past years), and 50% in the form of PSUs (unchanged from past years). The addition of
RSUs is designed to balance the Company's objectives of attracting and retaining key talent with
incentivizing performance. The CEO and the CFO will continueto receive 50% oftheir long-term incentives
in the form of stock options, and 50% in the form of PSUs, as the Committee believes that executives
in these positions have the greatest direct influence on achievement of financial performance metrics
TIFFANY & C0.
Ps-42