Explanation of Potential Payments on Termination Following a Change in Control
Severance Arrangements
The Company and Tiffany entered into retention agreements with each of the executive officers (other than Mr. Cumenal,
whose employment agreement with the Company addressed severance benefits following a change in control). These
agreements would provide a covered executive with compensation if he or she should incur an involuntary termination
after a Change in Control.
In the event that a Change in Control occurs, the covered executives would have fixed terms of employment under their
retention agreements of two years.
If the executive incurs an involuntary termination during his or her fixed term of employment under a retention agreement,
compensation would be payable to the executive as follows:
0 Two times the sum of the executive's salary and target short-term incentive award, as severance; and
0 Two years of benefits continuation under Tiffany's health and welfare plans.
,Vesting of thions and Restricted Stock Units on an Involuntary Termination following a Change in Control
Stock thion Grants
Outstanding stock options will vest in full and become exercisable in the event of a Change in Control that is a Terminating
Transaction (as defined below in "Definition of a Change in Control.")
For all other Change in Control events (see "Definition of a Change in Control" below), early vesting will occur in full but
only if the executive is involuntarily terminated from employment following the Change in Control.
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grants
In the event of a Change in Control, PSUs convert to time-vesting restricted stock units as follows:
i. If a Change in Control occurs before the start of the three-year performance period, no conversion or vesting ‘
shall occur for the award in connection with the change in control;
ii. If a Change in Control occurs in the first or second fiscal year of the three-year performance period, then 55%
of the performance-based stock units awarded shall convert to time-vesting restricted stock units; and
Q
iii. If a Change in Control occurs in the last fiscal year of the three-year performance period, the percentage of 5
PSUs to convert to time-vesting restricted stock units will be based on the Company's cumulative performance
during the first and second fiscal year of the performance period, as compared to the performance goals expressed 3:3
in the original notice of grant; however, such performance goals will be pro-rated for the cumulative two-year 0.
period (66.67%). For PSUs granted in 2014, 2015 and 2016, the RDA target will be disregarded for these
purposes. ,
The resulting time-vesting restricted stock units will vest on the earlier of (i) the original maturity date in the notice of
grant (which, for grants made in January 2014, 2015 and 2016, isthree business days followingthe public announcement
of the Company's audited, consolidated financial results for the last fiscal year in the performance period), or (ii) if the
executive is earlier involuntarily terminated without cause, on such termination date.
An assumed Change of Control on January 31, 2017, would occur in the third year of the performance period of the
PSUs granted in 2014. Actual results for the first and second years of the performance period, compared to pro-rated
performance goals, would result in 30% of such PSUs converting to time-vesting restricted stock units. The assumed
Change in Control would occur in the first two years of the performance period of the 2015 and 2016 PSUs, resulting
in 55% of each of those grants converting to time-vesting restricted stock units. For the grants awarded in January
2017, the three-year performance period began on February 1, 2017; because the Change in Control is assumed to
have taken place before that date, no portion of the January 2017 grants are reflected as vested as a result of the
assumed Change in Control.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-93