affect amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and related notes to the consolidated
financial statements. Actual results could differ from these estimates and the differences could be material.
Periodically, the Company reviews all significant estimates and assumptions affecting the financial statements
relative to current conditions and records the effect of any necessary adjustments.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents are stated at cost plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value. Cash equivalents
include highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less and consist of time deposits and/
or money market fund investments with a number of U.S. and non-U.S. financial institutions with high credit ratings.
The Company's policy restricts the amount invested with any one financial institution.
Short-Term Investments
Short-term investments are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value. At January 31, 2017 and
2016, the Company's short-term available-for-sale investments consisted entirely of time deposits. At the time of
’ purchase, management determines the appropriate classification of these investments and reevaluates such
designation as of each balance sheet date.
TI Receivables and Financing Arrangements
©
Receivables. The Company's accounts receivable, net primarily consists of amounts due from Credit Receivables
ﬂ (defined below), department store operators that host TIFFANY & C0. boutiques in their stores, third-party credit
3 card issuers and wholesale customers. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated
losses associated with the accounts receivable recorded on the balance sheet. The allowance is determined based on
a combination of factors including, but not limited to, the length of time that the receivables are past due,
management's knowledge of the customer, economic and market conditions and historical write-off experiences.
For the receivables associated with Tiffany & Co. credit cards ("Credit Card Receivables"), management uses various
indicators to determine whether to extend credit to customers and the amount of credit. Such indicators include
reviewing prior experience with the customer, including sales and collection history, and using applicants' credit
reports and scores provided by credit rating agencies. Certain customers may be granted payment terms which
permit purchases above a minimum amount to be paid for in equal monthly installments over a period not to exceed
12 months (together with Credit Card Receivables, "Credit Receivables"). Credit Receivables require minimum
balance payments. An account is classified as overdue if a minimum balance payment has not been received within
the allotted timeframe (generally 30 days), after which internal collection efforts commence. In order for the account
to return to current status, full payment on all past due amounts needs to be received by the Company. For all Credit
Receivables recorded on the balance sheet, once all internal collection efforts have been exhausted and management
has reviewed the account, the account balance is written off and may be sent for external collection or legal action.
At January 31, 2017 and 2016, the carrying amount of the Credit Receivables (recorded in accounts receivable, net)
was $71.9 million and $75.2 million, of which 97% were considered current in both periods. The allowance for
doubtful accounts for estimated losses associated with the Credit Receivables (approximately $1.1 million at
January 31, 2017 and $1.0 million at January 31, 2016) was determined based on the factors discussed above.
Finance charges earned on Credit Card accounts are not significant.
Financing Arrangements. The Company has provided financing to diamond mining and exploration companies in
order to obtain rights to purchase the mine's output (see "Note J. Commitments and Contingencies"). Management
evaluates these financing arrangements for potential impairment by reviewing the parties' financial statements along
with projections and business, operational and other economic factors on a periodic basis.
As of January 31, 2017, the Company had a $43.8 million financing arrangement (the "Loan") with Koidu Limited
(previously Koidu Holdings S.A.) ("Koidu"). The Company recorded impairment charges totaling $4.2 million and
$37.9 million during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2017 and 2016 related to the Loan and ceased accruing
interest income on the loan as of July 2015. The net carrying amount of the Loan was $1.7 million as of January 31,
2017. See "Note J. Commitments and Contingencies" for additional information on this financing arrangement.
TIFFANY & co.
K-56