0 Monitoring of performance in comparison to the annual operating plan;
0 Review and approval of the Company's multi-year strategic plan prepared by management;
0 Consideration of topics of relevance to the Company's ability to carry out its strategic plan;
0 Selection and evaluation of, and determination of whether to retain or replace, the Company's CEO;
0 Participation in succession planning for the Company's other executive officers;
0 Review and approval of delegations of authority by which management carries out the day-to-day operations of
the Company and its subsidiaries;
0 Review of management's enterprise risk assessment;
0 Review and, if appropriate, modification of Board committee charters;
0 Review and approval of the Company's policies or programs with respect to payment of dividends and the
repurchase of common stock; and
0 Review and approval of significant actions by the Company.
BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE
Michael J. Kowalski, the Company's current Interim CEO, served as the Company's CEO from 1999 until March 31,
2015 and has held the position of Chairman of the Board since the end of Fiscal 2002. As such, the role of Chairman
of the Board and the office of CEO have been held by the same individual for much of the Company's recent history
(other than from March 31, 2015 through February 5, 2017, when the position of CEO was held by Mr. Cumenal). On
February 5, 2017, when Mr. Kowalski was named Interim CEO, the Board also commenced a search to recruit a new
CEO. Mr. Kowalski has stated that he anticipates relinquishing his responsibilities as Chairman of the Board to a
successor after an appropriate period following the appointment of a new CEO.
The Company also has a presiding independent director. Charles K. Marquis occupies such position.
Mr. Kowalski, as Chairman of the Board, sets a preliminary agenda for each Board meeting and submits it for the approval
of the presiding independent director. The Chairman of the Board is required to include in such agenda any item
submitted by the presiding independent director. The presiding independent director also approves meeting schedules
for the Board.
Mr. Marquis, as the presiding independent director, has the authority to call meetings of the independent directors. Mr.
E Marquis also chairs meetings of the independent and non-management directors, and acts as a liaison between the
C3 Chairman of the Board and the independent directors.
Q The Board believes the presiding independent director position provides additional independent oversight of the
» Company's management and other Board matters. The existence of a presiding independent director also facilitates
communication among the Company's directors or between any of them and the Chairman of the Board, as well as
communication between shareholders and Company employees and the Company's independent and other non-
management directors. As such, the Board recognizes that the presiding independent director can be an important
advisor to the CEO. The Board further believes the presiding independent director performs an important role in the
Board's consideration of, and efforts regarding, its own effectiveness, in establishing leading governance practices and
in facilitating effective Board oversight in crisis or transitional situations.
The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee believes the Company's existing leadership structure is appropriate
in the context of the Board's current size and given the recent addition of three new directors, the recent departure of
the Company's CEO and the ongoing search for a new CEO. See "Item 1. Election of the Board" at PS-17.
Given Mr. Kowalski's tenure as Chairman of the Board, the Board has had significant opportunity to assess his skills at
moderating discussions during meetings, as well as his responsiveness to the Board's suggestions for the agenda and
the information to be provided by management to the Board. The Board also believes Mr. Kowalski's extensive experience
as the CEO of the Company is valuable to his service as Chairman of the Board. Not only does his in-depth understanding
of the Company's operations improve his ability to set the agenda for each Board meeting, but his experience in leading
the Company also allows the Board additional insight into key matters within its purview, including the strategic planning
process and management succession.
TIFFANY & CO.
Ps-22