unrecognized tax benefits are not expected to change materially in the next 12 months. Future
developments may result in a change in this assessment.
The following is a summary of the Company's outstanding borrowings and available capacity under its credit facilities
at January 31,2017:
Total Borrowings Letters of Available
(in miiiions) Capacity Outstanding Credit Issued Capacity,
Four-year revolving credit facility a $ 375.0 $ 26.3 $ — $ 348.7
Five-year revolving credit facility b 375.0 66.7 4.0 304.3
Other credit facilities C 7 281.1 135.7 — 145.4 7
$ 1,031.1 $ 228.7 $ 4.0 $ 798.4 7
a Matures in October 2019.
'0 Matures in October 2020. ‘
° Maturities through 2019.
In addition, the Company has other available letters of credit and financial guarantees of $76.1 million of which
$26.4 million was outstanding at January 31, 2017. Of those available letters of credit and financial guarantees,
$57.5 million expires within one year. 3
F>
Seasonality
51>
As a jeweler and specialty retailer, the Company's business is seasonal in nature, with the fourth quarter typically
representing approximately one-third of annual net sales and a higher percentage of annual net earnings. Management
expects such seasonality to continue.
Critical Accounting Estimates
The Company's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. These principles require management to make certain estimates
and assumptions that affect amounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and related notes. Actual
results could differ from those estimates and the differences could be material. Periodically, the Company reviews all
significant estimates and assumptions affecting the financial statements and records any necessary adjustments.
The development and selection of critical accounting estimates and the related disclosures below have been
reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors. The following critical accounting policies
that rely on assumptions and estimates were used in the preparation of the Company's consolidated financial
statements:
Inventory. The Company writes down its inventory for discontinued and slow-moving products. This write-down is
equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and its estimated market value, and is based on assumptions
about future demand and market conditions. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by
management, additional inventory write-downs might be required. The Company has not made any material changes
in the accounting methodology used to establish its reserve for discontinued and slow-moving products during the
past three years. At January 31, 2017, a 10% change in the reserve for discontinued and slow-moving products
would have resulted in a change of $6.5 million in inventory and cost of sales.
Property, plant and equipment and intangibles assets and key money. The Company reviews its property, plant and
equipment and intangibles assets and key money for impairment when management determines that the carrying
value of such assets may not be recoverable due to events or changes in circumstances. Recoverability of these
assets is evaluated by comparing the carrying value of the asset with estimated future undiscounted cash flows. If
the comparisons indicate that the value of the asset is not recoverable, an impairment loss is calculated as the
difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the asset and the loss is recognized during that period. In
2016, the Company recorded an asset impairment charge of $25.4 million associated with software costs capitalized
in connection with the development of a new finished goods inventory management and merchandising information
system (see "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note B. Summary of Significant Accounting
TIFFANY & co.
K-45