A three-judge panel presided over the annulment hearing on January 19, 2015, and, on March 4, 2015, issued a
decision in favor of the Tiffany Parties. Under this decision, the Arbitration Award is set aside. However, the Swatch
Parties took action in the Dutch courts to appeal the District Court's decision, and a three-judge panel presided over
an appellate hearing in respect of the annulment, and the related claim by the Tiffany Parties for return of the
Arbitration Damages and related costs, on June 29, 2016. That panel's decision, which may be appealed to the
Supreme Court of the Netherlands, is pending. As a result of this ongoing appellate process, the Arbitration Award
may ultimately be upheld by the courts of the Netherlands. Registrant’s management expects that the annulment
action is not likely to be ultimately resolved until at the earliest, Registrant's fiscal year ending January 31, 2018.
If the Arbitration Award is finally annulled, management anticipates that the claims and counterclaims that formed
the basis of the Arbitration, and potentially additional claims and counterclaims, will be litigated in court
proceedings between and among the Swatch Parties and the Tiffany Parties. The identity and location of the courts
that would hear such actions have not been determined at this time.
In any litigation regarding the claims and counterclaims that formed the basis of the arbitration, issues of liability
and damages will be pled and determined without regard to the findings of the arbitral panel. As such, it is possible
that the court could find that the Swatch Parties were in material breach of their obligations under the Agreements, ‘
that the Tiffany Parties were in material breach of their obligations under the Agreements or that neither the Swatch
Parties nor the Tiffany Parties were in material breach. If the Swatch Parties’ claims of liability were accepted by the
court, the damages award cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, but could exceed the Arbitration Damages
and could have a material adverse effect on the Registrant’s consolidated financial statements or liquidity. %
F>
Although the District Court issued a decision in favor of the Tiffany Parties, an amount will only be recorded for any E
return of amounts paid under the Arbitration Award when the District’s Court decision is final (i.e., after all rights of Q
appeal have been exhausted) and return of these amounts is deemed probable and collection is reasonably LL
assured. As such, the Company has not recorded any amounts in its consolidated financial statements related to the
District Court’s decision.
Additionally, management has not established any accrual in the Company's consolidated financial statements for
the year ended January 31, 2017 related to the annulment process or any potential subsequent litigation because it
does not believe that the final annulment of the Arbitration Award and a subsequent award of damages exceeding the
Arbitration Damages is probable.
In 2015, management introduced new TIFFANY & C0. brand watches, which have been designed, produced,
marketed and distributed through certain of the Company's Swiss subsidiaries.
Other Litigation Matters. The Company is from time to time involved in routine litigation incidental to the conduct of
its business, including proceedings to protect its trademark rights, litigation with parties claiming infringement of
patents and other intellectual property rights by the Company, litigation instituted by persons alleged to have been
injured upon premises under the Company's control and litigation with present and former employees and customers.
Although litigation with present and former employees is routine and incidental to the conduct of the Company's
business, as well as for any business employing significant numbers of employees, such litigation can result in large
monetary awards when a civil jury is allowed to determine compensatory and/or punitive damages for actions
claiming discrimination on the basis of age, gender, race, religion, disability or other legally-protected characteristic
or for termination of employment that is wrongful or in violation of implied contracts. However, the Company believes
that all such litigation currently pending to which it is a party or to which its properties are subject will be resolved
without any material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, earnings or cash flows.
Gain contingency. On February 14, 2013, Tiffany and Company and Tiffany (NJ) LLC (collectively, the "Tiffany
plaintiffs") initiated a lawsuit against Costco Wholesale Corp. ("Costco") for trademark infringement, false designation
of origin and unfair competition, trademark dilution and trademark counterfeiting (the "Costco Litigation"). The
Tiffany plaintiffs sought injunctive relief, monetary recovery and statutory damages on account of Costco's use of
"Tiffany" on signs in the jewelry cases at Costco stores used to describe certain diamond engagement rings that were
not manufactured by Tiffany. Costco filed a counterclaim arguing that the TIFFANY trademark was a generic term for
multi-pronged ring settings and seeking to have the trademark invalidated, modified or partially canceled in that
respect. On September 8, 2015, the US. District Court for the Southern District of New York (the "Court") granted
the Tiffany plaintiffs' motion for summary judgment of liability in its entirety, dismissing Costco's genericism
counterclaim and finding that Costco was liable for trademark infringement, trademark counterfeiting and unfair
TIFFANY & C0.
K-77