Audit Committee
The Company's Audit Committee is an "audit committee" established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The primary function of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its
oversight responsibilities with respect to the Company's financial matters. The Audit Committee operates under a charter
adopted by the Board; that charter may be viewed on the Company's website, www.tiffany;ciom, by clicking "Investors"
at the bottom of the page and then selecting "Corporate Governance" from the left-hand column. Under its charter, the
Audit Committee's responsibilities include:
o Appointing, compensating, retaining and providing oversight of the Company's independent registered public
accounting firm retained to audit the Company's consolidated financial statements;
0 Reviewing the quality-control procedures and independence of the Company's independent registered public
accounting firm and evaluating their proposed audit scope, performance and fee arrangements;
0 Approving in advance all audit and non-audit services to be rendered by the independent registered public
accounting firm;
0 Reviewing the adequacy of the Company's system of internal accounting and financial controls;
0 Discussing the Company's earnings press releases, as well as financial information and earnings guidance
provided to analysts and rating agencies;
0 Discussing guidelines and policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management;
0 Reviewing with the independent auditor any difficulties the auditor encountered in the course of its audit work,
including any restrictions on the scope of the independent auditor's activities or on access to requested
information, and any significant disagreements with management;
0 Setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditor;
0 Establishing procedures for complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters;
and
0 Conducting a review of our financial statements and audit findings in advance of filing, and reviewing in advance
significant proposed changes in our accounting principles. ,
The Board has determined that all members of the Audit Committee are financially literate, that at least one member
of the Audit Committee meets the New York Stock Exchange standard of having accounting or related financial
management expertise, and that Mr. Singer meets the SEC criteria of an "audit committee financial expert." The Board
considered Mr. Singer's past experience as Chief Financial Officer of Gucci Group NV, Partner at Coopers & Lybrand,
and Chairman of the audit committee for Fairmont Hotels & Resorts, Inc. and Mead Johnson Nutrition Company. The g
Board also considered Mr. Singer's role as Chairman of the audit committee for Jimmy Choo PLC and Coty Inc. The >_
Board has determined that Mr. Singer's simultaneous service on the audit committee of two other public companies x
will not impair his ability to effectively serve on the Company's Audit Committee. See "Report of the Audit Committee" 3:)
at PS-34. 0-
For additional information regarding the Company's relationship with its independent registered public accounting firm, .
see "Relationship with Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" at PS-35.
Compensation Committee
The primary function of the Compensation Committee is to assist the Board in compensation matters. The Compensation
Committee operates under its charter which may be viewed on the Company's website, www.tiffany;ciom, by clicking
"Investors" at the bottom of the page, and then selecting "Corporate Governance" from the left-hand column.
Under its charter, the Compensation Committee's responsibilities include:
0 Reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our CEO;
0 Evaluating our CEO's performance in light of those corporate goals and objectives;
0 Determining and approving our CEO's compensation level based on such evaluation;
0 Making recommendations to the Board with respect to the compensation of our other executive officers, including
compensation under incentive and equity-based plans;
TIFFANY & CO.
Ps-25