See "Board of Directors and Corporate Governance—Committees of the Board—Role of Compensation
Consultants" at PS-26 for discussion of the selection process for FW Cook, inclusive of an independence
analysis.
TallySheets
The Committee regularly reviews "tally sheets," prepared by the Company's Human Resources division for
each executive officer. The tally sheets include data concerning historical compensation as well as information
regarding share ownership and other benefits accumulated from employment with Tiffany. The tally sheets
provide a historical view of multiple compensation elements, as further context for compensation decisions.
Consultations with the Chief Executive Officer
In periodic meetings with the Committee, the CEO provides his views as to the individual performance of
the other executive officers, and the Committee solicits his recommendations with respect to their
compensation. His input is especially important with respect to the evaluation of the individual performance
parameters used in determining short-term incentives, as well as for setting base salary and target incentive
compensation as a percentage of base salary. The Committee also relies on its own business judgment as
to each executive officer's experience, capacity for growth, expected future contributions, complexity of role,
demonstrated success and desirability to the Company's competitors.
Coordination with Financial Results and Annual (loading, and Strategic ﬂanning Process
In January, the Committee reviews a forecast of financial results for the fiscal year ending that month with
the CFO and reviews calculations of the tentative payouts for short- and long-term incentives on that basis.
Final calculations are reviewed and approved at the March meeting, when fiscal year financial results are
nearly final. After the public disclosure of financial results, the calculations are confirmed, and management
makes payment on the prior year's short-term incentive awards and causes the applicable percentage of PSU
awards for which the three-year performance period ended in the prior year to vest, in each case pursuant
to the Committee's authorization.
The Committee grants stock option awards and, if applicable, RSUs to executive officers at a meeting in
January of each year. Stock option awards and RSUs may also be granted in connection with new hires or I
promotions, or for recognition purposes. The Committee has never delegated to management its authority
to make such awards. At that same January meeting, PSUs are granted for the three-year performance period
beginning the next February 1, with reference to preliminary drafts of the Company's strategic plan, while
annual incentive awards are granted for the one-year performance period beginning the next February 1,
with reference to the Company's annual operating plan. However, the specific financial goals for the PSUs Q
and the annual incentive awards are not established until the March meeting when the strategic plan and 5
annual operating plan are adopted. >_
>.<
COMPETITIVE COMPENSATION ANALYSIS - N0 BENCHMARKS
Each year the Committee refers to competitive compensation data because the Committee believes that such
data is helpful in assessing the competitiveness of the total compensation offered to the Company's executive .
officers. However, the Committee does not consider such data sufficient for a full evaluation of appropriate
compensation for any individual executive officer. Accordingly, the Committee:
0 Has not set a "benchmark" to such data for any executive officer, although it does look to see if the
Company's total executive compensation program falls between the 25"h and 75th percentile of competitive
data;
0 Does not rely exclusively on compensation surveys or publicly available compensation information when
it determines the compensation of individual executive officers; and
0 Also considers those factors described above in "Compensation Evaluation Process.“
The Committee also reviews a competitive compensation analysis by FW Cook, which includes the following
elements of compensation for each executive officer:
0 base salary;
TIFFANY & co.
PS-47