Notes to Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table
(a) All grants shown above for Mr. Cumenal were forfeited upon his departure in February 2017. Mr. Nicoletti was
granted no plan-based awards during Fiscal 2016 due to his departure in May 2016.
(b) All grants shown above for Mr. Cumenal were forfeited upon his departure in February 2017. Mr. Nicoletti was
granted no plan-based awards during Fiscal 2016 due to his departure in May 2016.
The RSUs and stock options granted to Mr. Erceg on November 16, 2016 will vest in equal installments on the
first, second and third anniversaries of the grant date, subject to continued employment on those dates.
The other RSUs and stock options shown will vest in equal installments on the first, second, third and fourth
anniversaries of the grant date, subject to continued employment. For the PSU grants shown, the Committee
established threshold, target and maximum goals for EPS and operating cash flow at the beginning of the applicable
performance period. The Committee has communicated to the NEOs that, if the EPS threshold or the operating
cash flow threshold is attained, the Committee intends to calculate the number of shares to vest as indicated in
the chart below, based on actual results compared to threshold, target and maximum goals shown; however, the
Committee retains the discretion to vest the maximum number of shares granted, or reduce the number to vest to
any amount down to zero, provided the EPS or operating cash flow threshold is met.
I I EPS I Operating Cash Flow I
Percentage of target Operating Cash Flow Percentage of target
EPS shares earned* (mil/ions) shares earned:*
I Below Threshold I Less than $9.55 I 0% I Less than $1,997 I 0% I
I Threshold I Equal to $9.55 I 20% I Equal to $1,997 I 0% I
0 Within the range of o
I Target I Equal to $12.80 I 80%: I $2,447 to $2,547 I 20/o I
- Equal to or greater 0 Equal to or greater 0
I MaX'mum I than $13.66 I 1604’ I than $2,746 40"
Shares calculated based on EPS goals plus operating cash flow goals =
total percentage of target shares paid out*
-0 *Subject to linear interpolation if actual performance falls between threshold and target (or, in the case of a target
35 expressed as a range, the bottom of the target range), or between target (or, in the case of a target expressed as a
§ range, the top of the target range) and maximum. Target ranges include the ends of the ranges.
% Amounts listed in the sub-column labeled “Target Number of Shares" reflects the number of shares awarded assuming
the EPS and operating cash flow targets are met at 100%. By contrast, if the EPS target is met at 100% and the
operating cash flow threshold is not met, exercise of the Committee's discretion in accordance with the chart above
would result in vesting of 80% of target stock units for each NEO, corresponding to an aggregate number of shares
as follows: Mr. Erceg - 10,729 shares, Mr. Bellaiche - 5,832 shares, Ms. Cloud - 5,580 shares and Mr. Galtie -
4,923 shares. Conversely, if the EPS threshold is not met and the operating cash flow target is met at 100%,
exercise of the Committee's discretion in accordance with the chart above would result in vesting of 20% of target
stock units for each NEO, corresponding to an aggregate number of shares as follows: Mr. Erceg - 2,683 shares,
Mr. Bellaiche - 1,458 shares, Ms. Cloud - 1,395 shares and Mr. Galtie - 1,231 shares. Amounts listed in the sub-
column labeled "Maximum Number of Shares" reflectsthe number of shares awarded assumingthe EPS and operating
cash flow maximums are met.
(c) The exercise price of all options was the closing price of the underlying shares on the New York Stock Exchange on
the grant date.
(d) The grant date fair value of each stock option award was computed in accordance with Codification Topic 718 for
the fiscal year in which the award was granted, disregarding any estimates of forfeitures related to service-based
vesting conditions. The grant date fair value of each PSU award was computed assuming that the EPS target and
operating cash flow target were each met at 100%, resulting in vesting of the target number of shares. For additional
information regarding PSU awards, see the table titled "Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End" at PS—80.
The amount reported for the RSUs shown represents the grant date fair value of those grants.
TIFFANY & co.
Ps-74