Messrs. Farah, Lillie and Trapani were appointed to the Board pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, as discussed
under "Item 1. Election of the Board" above.
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
The Board formed the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee in 2009 to assist the Board with its oversight of the
Company's policies and practices involving the environment, vendor workplace conditions and employment practices,
community affairs, sustainable product sourcing, corporate charitable giving, governmental relations, political activities
and diversity in employment. The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee operates under the charter adopted by the
Board. The charter may be viewed on the Company's website, www.tiffany.com, by clicking "Investors" at the bottom of
the page, and then selecting "Corporate Governance" from the left-hand column.
Dividend Committee
The Dividend Committee exercises the power otherwise vested in the Board with respect to the declaration of regular
quarterly dividends in accordance with the dividend policy established by the Board. The Dividend Committee operates
under the charter adopted by the Board. The charter may be viewed on the Company's website, www.tiffany.com, by
clicking "Investors" at the bottom of the page, and then selecting "Corporate Governance" from the left-hand column.
Mr. Kowalski is the sole member of the Dividend Committee.
Finance Committee
The Board formed the Finance Committee to assist the Board with its oversight of the Company's capital structure,
liquidity risk, dividend policy, purchase and repurchase of the Company's common stock, debt and equity financings,
the retention of investment bankers and other financial advisors to the Board, the Company's hedging policy and
guarantee of indebtedness incurred by the Company's subsidiaries, as well as of currency, interest rate or commodity
hedging transactions entered into by the Company's subsidiaries. The Finance Committee operates under the charter
adopted by the Board. The charter may be viewed on the Company's website, www.tiffany.com, by clicking "Investors"
at the bottom of the page, and then selecting "Corporate Governance" from the left-hand column.
Search Committee
The Board formed the Search Committee in February 2017, following the departure of Frederic Cumenal as CEO, in
% order to identify and perform an initial assessment of potential candidates to serve as CEO of the Company and, based
C9) on such assessment, to propose suitable individuals for consideration by the full Board. The Search Committee operates
é under the charter adopted by the Board. The charter may be viewed on the Company's website, www.tiffany.com, by
Q clicking "Investors" at the bottom of the page, and then selecting "Corporate Governance" from the left-hand column.
3 Pursuant to its charter, the Search Committee will dissolve automatically and without any further action of the Board
once a new CEO is appointed, unless the Board determines otherwise by resolution prior to such time.
BOARD SELF-EVALUATION
Annually, each independent director participates in an assessment and evaluation of the Board's performance and the
performance of each of the Board committees on which he or she serves. The presiding independent director leads a
full Board discussion of the results of such self-assessments.
BOARD REFRESHMENT
Changes to Board composition may result from the Board's self-evaluation practices and related discussions; however,
the Board also ensures refreshment through By-law provisions requiring that directors be less than age 74 when elected
or appointed, unless the Board waives that provision with respect to an individual director whose continued service is
deemed uniquely important to the Company. The Board has granted such a waiver in respect of the nomination of
Charles K. Marquis, who is currently age 74, for election at the 2017 Annual Meeting. The Board has deemed Mr.
Marquis's continued service to be uniquely important to the Company at this time, as discussed above under "Board
Leadership Structure".
In light of upcoming retirements, in 2015 the Board engaged a leading search firm to assist in its search for new
director candidates. On March 6, 2017, after working collaboratively with JANA Partners LLC in connection with the
TIFFANY & co.
PS-28