OVERVIEW OF COMPENSATION COMPONENTS
The Committee has established an executive compensation program that contains the following key components:
SHORT-4E Ella-ll laillCElt-l'TltllES.
e E‘a‘ﬂD‘EIiV-ﬁtﬁ: achievement of annual
financial tergete and! individual LONG-TERM lNCEM‘lTWES - 583%
demonstration nf etrategie lleederehEp. i Align management: interests with these:
nil eltnrel—tnlz-dlern. .nintivn‘lie achievement Inf
6 Cash payments dependent en: the lengrtenn finaneiel targets and. intestine
degree nit achievement of annual—ERR- retentinn.
npernting enrninge and: Cennleni: Curir‘eney _
Sales Girnilrth 'tnraete and individual kit-ea. = iriivw‘e... e :etock. nptionn‘“ 5% Pattie lint the
intern. Cnrnntittee retains. d‘i‘eeretinn in /\ it. a,» my, GED and GED; 251% :stnc'lt. antennae
redueennarde. ll. if an, 1i v 7_ U W RE‘Usﬁm’E F3115 fernther NEﬂe.
r ’* n .l' i
EASE entnnv‘ m 231.1%. t. vicgﬁve—J ﬂy" i Fable vest unen achievement ef
'3 Pto‘n‘idecnsh nnmlpenmtinn than in net __ 1i Vii} Mfg Gnmpnny'fi'nnnninl Ennis. were three-year
"at fink“ en tn pennitle n etnblle enuree neg; “Ni LATN‘E PEF’TEF‘WEH‘ICE Péi‘iﬂi Cﬁiﬁﬁ'ﬂﬁ-EE remitte-
nf inenine and financial eecurity. f diseretinn to freduee [are-snide...
:33?"
i Designed tn nitreet and retain e Stuck. I'Dp'tinne nnn neue granted each
exeeutiues by? prnviditia e reeennaible and January tree-t reitebliy ever fnur yearn.
rnerlie'tzscnnnnetitne level at fined
enmpensntinn.
The above chart reflects the average percentage contribution of key compensation components awarded to the g
CEO and the other NEOs in January 2017. See charts of "CEO Target Pay Mix" and "Named Executive Officer 5
Target Pay Mix" under "Relative Values of Key Compensation Components" at PS-51. However, Mr. Cumenal is >_
not eligible for payment of short- or long-term incentives granted in January 2017 due to his departure in February
2017. o:
n.
The Company also offersthe following compensation components, in addition to the annual compensation program
described above: ‘
Time-vesting In addition to being granted as a component of long-term incentive
restricted stock compensation to certain NEOs, RSUs are granted periodically on a selective
lunits |basis, typically in connection with a promotion or new hire, to recognize prior|
performance or to attract or retain key talent. These awards vest according to
their terms.
|Benefits |Used to attract and retain executives. Includes a comprehensive program of|
benefits that includes retirement benefits and life insurance benefits that build
cash value.
TIFFANY & CO.
Ps-45