Early Retirement and Extra Service Credit
The normal retirement age under the Pension, Excess and Supplemental Plans is 65. However, those eligible for early
retirement (defined as age 55 with at least 10 years of service) may retire with a reduced benefit. For retirement at age
55, the reduction in benefit would be 40%, as compared to the benefit at age 65. The benefit reduction for early
retirement is computed as follows:
0 For retirement between age 60 and age 65, the executive's age at early retirement is subtracted from 65; for
each year in the remainder, the benefit is reduced by five percent;
0 Thus, for retirement at age 60 the reduction is 25%;
o For retirement between age 55 and age 60, the reduction is 25% plus an additional three percent for each year
by which retirement age precedes age 60.
Tiffany does not have a policy or practice of granting extra years of credited service under the Excess, Pension and
Supplemental Plans.
Retirement Benefits for Executive Officers hired on or after January 1, 2006
Executive officers hired on or after January 1, 2006 are eligible for a defined contribution retirement benefit through
the 401(k) Plan, and for an Excess DCRB Contribution, credited on their behalf to an account under the Deferral Plan.
For details about the Excess DCRB Contribution, see "Excess DCRB Feature of the Executive Deferral Plan" at PS-89.
Messrs. Erceg, Bellaiche and Galtie are eligible to receive Excess DCRB Contributions. Upon their departures, Messrs.
Cumenal and Nicoletti became entitled to distribution of their vested Excess DCRB Contributions, and forfeited the
unvested portion of their Excess DCRB Contributions. See Note (b) to the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table
at PS-88 for further information concerning their Excess DCRB Contributions.
During Mr. Cumenal's employment, contributions intended to make up amounts he forfeited at his prior employer were
made to a special retirement account for his benefit. Contributions were also made for the benefit of his account with
certain French social security and pension schemes. Mr. Galtie also receives contributions for the benefit of his accounts
with those schemes. For details about the foregoing retirement benefits, see "Other Employment Agreements or Severance
Plans for Named Executive Officers—Frederic Cumenal Employment Agreement" at PS-63 and "Discussion of Summary
Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards—Philippe Galtie Compensatory Arrangement" at PS-78. ‘
g
>.<
G)
n:
n.
TIFFANY & CO.
PS-87