(an "Award Agreement") in a form specified by the Committee, agreeing to the terms and conditions of
the Plan and to such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the Plan, as the Committee
may, in its sole discretion, prescribe, including, but not limited to, conditions to the vesting or exercise
of an Award, such as continued service as a director of the Company for a specified period of time. The
Committee may waive such conditions to and/or accelerate exercisability or vesting of an Option or Stock
Award, either automatically upon the occurrence of specified events (including in connection with a
change of control of the Company) or otherwise in its discretion.
4.11 Limitation of Implied Rights.
(a) Neither a Participant nor any other person shall, by reason of the Plan or any Award Agreement,
acquire any right in or title to any assets, funds or property of the Company or any Related Company
whatsoever, including, without limitation, any specific funds, assets, or other property which the
Company or any Related Company, in their sole discretion, may set aside in anticipation of a liability
under the Plan. A Participant shall have only a contractual right to the Shares or amounts, if any,
payable under the Plan, unsecured by the assets of the Company or of any Related Company. Nothing
contained in the Plan or any Award Agreement shall constitute a guarantee that the assets of such
companies shall be sufficient to pay any benefits to any person.
(b) Neither the Plan nor any Award Agreement shall constitute a contract of employment, and selection
as a Participant will not confer upon any Participant any right to serve as a director of the Company,
nor any right or claim to any benefit under the Plan, unless such right or claim has specifically accrued
under the terms of the Plan or an Award. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, no Award under
the Plan shall confer upon the holder thereof any right as a stockholder of the Company prior to the
date on which the individual fulfills all conditions for receipt of such rights.
4.12 Evidence. Evidence required of anyone under the Plan may be by certificate, affidavit, document or other
information which an officer of the Company acting on it considers pertinent and reliable, and signed,
made or presented by the proper party or parties.
4.13 Action by Company. Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Company shall be by resolution ‘
of the Board, or by action of one or more members of such Board (including a committee of such Board)
who are duly authorized to act for such Board, or (except to the extent prohibited by applicable law or
applicable rules of any stock exchange) by a duly authorized officer of the Company.
4.14 Gender and Number. Where the context admits, words in any gender shall include any other gender,
words in the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular. g
4.15 Non-exclusivity of the Plan. Neither the adoption of the Plan by the Board nor the submission of the Plan
to the stockholders of the Company for approval shall be construed as creating any limitations on the 3:)
power of such Board or a committee of such Board to adopt such other incentive arrangements as it or 0-
they may deem desirable, including without limitation, the granting of restricted stock, stock options or
cash bonuses otherwise than under the Plan, and such arrangements may be generally applicable or .
applicable only in specific cases.
5. Committee
5.1 Administration. The authority to control and manage the operation and administration of the Plan shall
be vested in the Board and/or a committee of the Board (either the Board or such committee the
"Committee" hereunder) in accordance with this Section 5.
5.2 Selection of Committee. If consisting of less than the full membership of the Board, the Committee shall
be selected by the Board and shall consist of two or more members of the Board.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-111