NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
A. NATURE OF BUSINESS
Tiffany & Co. is a holding company that operates through its subsidiary companies (collectively, the "Company"). Its
principal subsidiary, Tiffany and Company ("Tiffany"), is a jeweler and specialty retailer. Through its subsidiaries, the
Company designs and manufactures products and operates TIFFANY & CO. retail stores worldwide, and also sells its
products through Internet, catalog, business-to-business and wholesale operations. The Company's principal
merchandise offering is jewelry (representing 92% of worldwide net sales in 2016); it also sells timepieces, leather
goods, sterling silverware, china, crystal, stationery, fragrances and accessories.
The Company's reportable segments are as follows:
0 Americas includes sales in Company-operated TIFFANY & CO. stores in the United States, Canada and
Latin America, as well as sales of TIFFANY & CO. products in certain markets through Internet, catalog,
business-to-business and wholesale operations; ‘
° Asia-Pacific includes sales in Company-operated TIFFANY & CO. stores, as well as sales of TIFFANY &
CO. products in certain markets through Internet and wholesale operations;
0 Japan includes sales in Company-operated TIFFANY & CO. stores, as well as sales of TIFFANY & CO. 3
products through Internet, business-to-business and wholesale operations;
or:
0 Europe includes sales in Company-operated TIFFANY & CO. stores, as well as sales of TIFFANY & CO.
products in certain markets through the Internet and wholesale operations; and
o Other consists of all non-reportable segments. Other includes the Emerging Markets region, which
includes sales in Company-operated TIFFANY & CO. stores and wholesale operations in the Middle East. 7 ‘
In addition, Other includes wholesale sales of diamonds as well as earnings received from third-party
licensing agreements.
B. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Fiscal Year
The Company's fiscal year ends on January 31 of the following calendar year. All references to years relate to fiscal
years rather than calendar years.
Basis of Reporting
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Tiffany & Co. and its subsidiaries in
which a controlling interest is maintained. Controlling interest is determined by majority ownership interest and the
absence of substantive third-party participating rights or, in the case of variable interest entities (VlEs), if the
Company has the power to significantly direct the activities of a VIE, as well as the obligation to absorb significant
losses of or the right to receive significant benefits from the VIE. lntercompany accounts, transactions and profits
have been eliminated in consolidation. The equity method of accounting is used for investments in which the
Company has significant influence, but not a controlling interest.
Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current year presentation. The Company
adopted ASU No. 2015-03 — Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, on a retrospective basis, as of
February 1, 2016. Accordingly, debt issuance costs of $8.1 million were reclassified from other assets, net to a
direct deduction from long-term debt at January 31, 2016.
Use of Estimates
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America; these principles require management to make certain estimates and assumptions that
TIFFANY & co.
K-55