Definition of "Change in Control ”
The retention agreements in place for executive officers deem a "Change in Control" to occur only in the following
four situations:
0 a share acquisition resulting in a person, syndicate or group beneficially owning 35% or more of the voting
power of the Company;
0 incumbent directors (including those appointed or nominated by incumbent directors) cease to be a
majority of the Board;
0 a corporate transaction, such as a merger, in which the shareholders prior to the transaction do not
thereafter own more than 50% of the voting power of the resulting company's shares; and
0 a sale of 50% or more of the consolidated assets of the Company or its subsidiaries.
N0 Gross—Ups
The retention agreements do not provide executive officers with reimbursement for excise taxes or other taxes
in connection with severance payments or other amounts relating to the change in control.
OTHER EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS OR SEVERANCE PLANS FOR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
Aside from the retention letters previously described and the arrangements described below, the Company is not
party to any employment agreement with an NEO that currently provides for cash severance or other severance
benefits upon termination (absent a change in control), although the Company is permitted to provide such
benefits if it deems appropriate to do so.
Under his employment agreement with Tiffany, Mr. Cumenal was entitled to cash payments and other severance
benefits upon termination of his employment under certain circumstances. Under the offer letters extended to
them, Messrs. Erceg and Galtie are similarly entitled to severance benefits upon termination of employment
under certain circumstances. The foregoing arrangements were negotiated in connection with the recruitment
of those individuals to the Company.
Frederic Cumenal Employment Agreement ‘
On March 10, 201 1, Mr. Cumenal commenced employment with Tiffanyas an executive officer and was promoted
to CEO effective April 1, 2015.
Tiffany entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Cumenal as part of the recruiting process in Fiscal 201 1. Q
The employment agreement, which was approved by the Committee, addressed certain elements of the personal 5
costs, foregone compensation and professional risk that Mr. Cumenal incurred to accept the position and relocate >-
his family to the United States.
a:
n.
The employment agreement included the following key compensatory features, subject to increase:
0 Term: Sequential one-year terms following an initial term; ‘
0 Initial compensatory terms related to base salary, short-term incentive award and long-term incentive
award, a sign-on equity grant and a one-time relocation award;
0 Deferred compensation: Credit of $365,000 per year, subject to cost of living adjustments, for the first
10 years of employment to an interest-bearing account for retirement. Mr. Cumenal became fully vested
in this account after three years of employment. Togetherwith the sign-on equity awards, these payments
were intended as "make whole" payments for significant long-term pension benefits Mr. Cumenal forfeited
at his prior employer;
0 French pension scheme payments: Payment of approximately $75,000 annually for the benefit of Mr.
Cumenal's account with certain French social security and pension schemes. This payment was intended
to avoid loss of Mr. Cumenal's accruals under those schemes;
0 Severance absent a Change in Control - Applicable in the event of termination without Cause or resignation
for Good Reason, including Tiffany's refusal to extend the term: $605,000, subject to increase based
on annual cost of living adjustments; base salary for the balance of the term (minimum of one year);
any unpaid short-term incentive award for the last completed fiscal year; and continuation of medical
and dental benefits for one year;
TIFFANY & C0.
PS-63