The Company funds the Qualified Plan's trust in accordance with regulatory limits to provide for current service and
for the unfunded benefit obligation over a reasonable period and for current service benefit accruals. To the extent
that these requirements are fully covered by assets in the Qualified Plan, the Company may elect not to make any
contribution in a particular year. No cash contribution was required in 2016 and none is required in 2017 to meet
the minimum funding requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act. The Company periodically
evaluates whether to make discretionary cash contributions to the Qualified Plan and made a voluntary cash
contribution of $120.0 million in 2016 but currently does not anticipate to make such contributions in 2017. This
expectation is subject to change based on management’s assessment of a variety of factors, including, but not
limited to, asset performance, interest rates and changes in actuarial assumptions.
The Qualified Plan, Excess Plan and SRIP exclude all employees hired on or after January 1, 2006. Instead,
employees hired on or after January 1, 2006 are eligible to receive a defined contribution retirement benefit under
the Employee Profit Sharing and Retirement Savings ("EPSRS") Plan (see "Employee Profit Sharing and Retirement
Savings Plan" below). Employees hired before January 1, 2006 continue to be eligible for and accrue benefits under
the Qualified Plan.
’ The Excess Plan uses the same retirement benefit formula set forth in the Qualified Plan, but includes earnings that
are excluded under the Qualified Plan due to Internal Revenue Service Code qualified pension plan limitations.
Benefits payable under the Qualified Plan offset benefits payable under the Excess Plan. Employees vested under
_n the Qualified Plan are vested under the Excess Plan; however, benefits under the Excess Plan are subject to
G) forfeiture if employment is terminated for cause and, for those who leave the Company prior to age 65, if they fail to
execute and adhere to noncompetition and confidentiality covenants. The Excess Plan allows participants with at
$ least 10 years of service who retire after attaining age 55 to receive reduced retirement benefits.
3 The SRIP supplements the Qualified Plan, Excess Plan and Social Security by providing additional payments upon a
participant's retirement. SRIP benefits are determined by a percentage of average final compensation; this
percentage increases as specified service plateaus are achieved. Benefits payable under the Qualified Plan, Excess
Plan and Social Security offset benefits payable under the SRIP. Under the SRIP, benefits vest when a participant
both (i) attains age 55 while employed by the Company and (ii) has provided at least 10 years of service. In certain
limited circumstances, early vesting can occur due to a change in control. Benefits under the SRIP are forfeited if
benefits under the Excess Plan are forfeited.
Benefits for the Other Plans are typically based on monthly eligible compensation and the number of years of
service. Benefits are typically payable in a lump sum upon retirement, termination, resignation or death if the
participant has completed the requisite service period.
The Company accounts for pension expense using the projected unit credit actuarial method for financial reporting
purposes. The actuarial present value of the benefit obligation is calculated based on the expected date of separation
or retirement of the Company's eligible employees.
The Company provides certain health-care and life insurance benefits ("Other Postretirement Benefits") for certain
retired employees and accrues the cost of providing these benefits throughout the employees' active service period
until they attain full eligibility for those benefits. Substantially all of the Company's U.S. full-time employees, hired
on or before March 31, 2012, may become eligible for these benefits if they reach normal or early retirement age
while working for the Company. The cost of providing postretirement health-care benefits is shared by the retiree and
the Company, with retiree contributions evaluated annually and adjusted in order to maintain the Company/retiree
cost-sharing target ratio. The life insurance benefits are noncontributory. The Company's employee and retiree
health-care benefits are administered by an insurance company, and premiums on life insurance are based on prior
years' claims experience.
TIFFANY & C0.
K-84