ADVERTISING, MARKETING, PUBLIC AND MEDIA RELATIONS
The Company regularly advertises in newspapers, magazines and through digital media. Public and media relations
activities are also significant to the Company's business. The Company engages in a program of media activities and
marketing events to maintain consumer awareness of the Brand and TIFFANY & CO. products. It also publishes its
well-known Blue Book to showcase its high-end jewelry. In 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company spent $299.0
million, $302.0 million and $284.0 million, representing 7.5%, 7.4% and 6.7% of worldwide net sales in those
respective years, on advertising, marketing and public and media relations, which include costs for media,
production, catalogs, Internet, visual merchandising (in-store and window displays), marketing events and other
related items.
In addition, management believes that the Brand is enhanced by a program of charitable sponsorships, grants and
merchandise donations. The Company also periodically makes donations to The Tiffany & Co. Foundation, a private
foundation organized to support 501(c)(3) charitable organizations. The efforts of this Foundation are primarily
focused on environmental conservation.
TRADEMARKS
The designations TIFFANY 速 and TIFFANY & CO.速 are the principal trademarks of Tiffany, and also serve as
tradenames. Tiffany has obtained and is the proprietor of trademark registrations for TIFFANY and TIFFANY & C0., as 3
well as the TIFFANY BLUE BOX 速, the TIFFANY BLUE BOX design, TIFFANY BLUE速 and the color Tiffany Blue for a P
variety of product categories and services in the U.S. and in other countries.
6)
Tiffany maintains a program to protect its trademarks and institutes legal action where necessary to prevent others LL
either from registering or using marks which are considered to create a likelihood of confusion with the Company or
its products.
Tiffany has been generally successful in such actions and management considers that the Company's worldwide
rights in its principal trademarks, TIFFANY and TIFFANY & C0., are strong. However, use of the designation TIFFANY
by third parties on related or unrelated goods or services, frequently transient in nature, may not come to the
attention of Tiffany or may not rise to a level of concern warranting legal action.
Tiffany actively pursues those who produce or sell counterfeit TIFFANY & C0. goods through civil action and
cooperation with criminal law enforcement agencies. However, counterfeit TIFFANY & CO. goods remain available in
many markets because it is not possible or cost-effective to eradicate the problem. The cost of enforcement is
expected to continue to rise. In recent years, there has been an increase in the availability of counterfeit goods,
predominantly silver jewelry, on the Internet and in various markets by street vendors and small retailers. Tiffany
pursues infringers through leads generated internally and through a network of investigators, legal counsel, law
enforcement and customs authorities worldwide. The Company responds to such infringing activity by taking various
actions, including sending cease and desist letters, cooperating with law enforcement in criminal prosecutions,
initiating civil proceedings and participating in joint actions and anti-counterfeiting programs with other like-minded
third party rights holders.
Despite the general fame of the TIFFANY and TIFFANY & C0. name and mark for the Company's products and
services, Tiffany is not the sole person entitled to use the name TIFFANY in every category of use in every country of
the world; for example, in some countries, third parties have registered the name TIFFANY in connection with certain
product categories (including, in the U.S., the category of bedding and, in certain foreign countries, the categories of
food, cosmetics, clothing, paper goods and tobacco products) under circumstances where Tiffany's rights were not
sufficiently clear under local law, and/or where management concluded that Tiffany's foreseeable business interests
did not warrant the expense of legal action.
TIFFANY & co.
K-7