Policies and Note E. Property, Plant and Equipment" for additional information). The Company did not record any
material impairment charges in 2015 or 2014.
Goodwill. The Company performs its annual impairment evaluation of goodwill during the fourth quarter of its fiscal
year or when circumstances otherwise indicate an evaluation should be performed. A qualitative assessment is first
performed for each reporting unit to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the reporting
unit is less than its carrying value. If it is concluded that this is the case, an evaluation, based upon discounted cash
flows, is performed and requires management to estimate future cash flows, growth rates and economic and market
conditions. The 2016, 2015 and 2014 evaluations resulted in no impairment charges.
Notes receivable and other financing arrangements. The Company has provided financing to diamond mining and
exploration companies in order to obtain rights to purchase the mine's output. Management evaluates these
financing arrangements for potential impairment by reviewing the parties' financial statements and projections along
with business, operational and other economic factors on a periodic basis. If the analyses indicate that the financing
receivable is not recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized, in respect to all or a portion of the financing, during
that period. In 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded impairment charges totaling $12.6 million and $37.9
’ million, respectively (see "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note B. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies and Note J. Commitments and Contingencies" for additional information). The Company did not
record any material impairment charges in 2014.
2:") Income taxes. The Company is subject to income taxes in US. federal and state, as well as foreign jurisdictions. The
E calculation of the Company's tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws
ﬂ and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across the Company's global operations. Significant judgments and
g estimates are required in determining consolidated income tax expense. The Company's income tax expense,
deferred tax assets and liabilities and reserves for uncertain tax positions reflect management's best assessment of
estimated future taxes to be paid.
Foreign and domestic tax authorities periodically audit the Company's income tax returns. These audits often
examine and test the factual and legal basis for positions the Company has taken in its tax filings with respect to its
tax liabilities, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax
jurisdictions ("tax filing positions"). Management believes that its tax filing positions are reasonable and legally
supportable. However, in specific cases, various tax authorities may take a contrary position. In evaluating the
exposures associated with the Company's various tax filing positions, management records reserves using a more-
likely-than-not recognition threshold for income tax positions taken or expected to be taken. Earnings could be
affected to the extent the Company prevails in matters for which reserves have been established or is required to pay
amounts in excess of established reserves. At January 31, 2017, total unrecognized tax benefits were $3.4 million of
which approximately $1.0 million, if recognized, would affect the effective income tax rate. As of January 31, 2017,
unrecognized tax benefits are not expected to change materially in the next 12 months. Future developments may
result in a change in this assessment.
In evaluating the Company's ability to recover its deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction from which they arise,
management considers all available evidence. The Company records valuation allowances when management
determines it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be realized in the future.
Employee benefit plans. The Company maintains several pension and retirement plans, as well as provides certain
postretirement health-care and life insurance benefits for retired employees. The Company makes certain
assumptions that affect the underlying estimates related to pension and other postretirement costs. Significant
changes in interest rates, the market value of securities and projected health-care costs would require the Company
to revise key assumptions and could result in a higher or lower charge to earnings.
The Company used discount rates of 4.50% to determine 2016 expense for its US. Qualified Plan as well as its
postretirement plans and 4.25% for its Excess Plan/SRIP. Holding all other assumptions constant, a 0.5% increase
in the discount rates would have decreased 2016 pension and postretirement expenses by $6.1 million and $0.5
million. A decrease of 0.5% in the discount rates would have increased the 2016 pension and postretirement
expenses by $6.6 million and $0.3 million. The discount rate is subject to change each year, consistent with
changes in the yield on applicable high-quality, long-term corporate bonds. Management selects a discount rate at
which pension and postretirement benefits could be effectively settled based on (i) an analysis of expected benefit
payments attributable to current employment service and (ii) appropriate yields related to such cash flows.
TIFFANY & C0.
K-46