EQUITY OWNERSHIP BY EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Company has in place a share ownership policy for executive officers and non-executive directors, to enhance
alignment of management's interests with those of shareholders over the long term.
8:1;gnificant Portfolio
Under the share ownership policy, executive officers and non-executive directors are subject to restrictions on
the disposal of shares of the Company's common stock. For each executive officer or non-executive director,
"Significant Portfolio" means ownership of shares having a total market value equal to or greater than the following
multiples of their annual base salaries/annual retainer:
Market Value of Company Stock
Holdings as a Multiple of
Base Salary/Retainer
iPosition/Level (Significant Portfolio Requirement),
Chief Executive Officer Five Times
Non-Executive Directors Five Times
Executive Vice President Three Times
Senior Vice President Two Times
Equity Used to Meet Stock Ownership Guidelines
The share ownership policy counts shares owned as follows:
IShares Counted: lShares not Counted: I
Outstanding shares that the person beneficially owns Rights to acquire shares of the Company's common
or is deemed to beneficially own, directly or indirectly, stock through derivative securities, including stock
under the federal securities laws, including shares held options or the vesting of restricted stock units. .
in the 401k Plan.
RSUs issued under the Company's 2008 Directors Shares of the Company's common stock that are
Incentive Plan that have vested but will not be delivered pledged to a third party (for example, where common
until retirement of the applicable director from the stock is held in a margin account maintained at a
Board. brokerage firm).
E
For purposes of determining the amount of shares constituting a Significant Portfolio, shares will be valued at >—
the mean of the high and low trading prices on the New York Stock Exchange on the relevant calculation date.
a:
a.
Each officer's or director's attainment of a Significant Portfolio is measured annually on April 1 or the first trading
day thereafter. However, an officer or director who acquires a Significant Portfolio after the annual calculation
date shall be deemed to hold a Significant Portfolio for purposes of any proposed disposition after such acquisition. ‘
Disposal Restrictions
An executive officer or non-executive director who has a Significant Portfolio may not dispose of shares of the
Company's common stock if the disposition would cause his or her holdings to fall below the Significant Portfolio
threshold. He or she may, however, dispose of any or all shares in excess of the Significant Portfolio threshold.
For an executive officer or non-executive director who does not have a Significant Portfolio, he or she is permitted
to dispose of shares of the Company's common stock only as follows:
0 no more than 50% of the net shares deemed issued as a consequence of any vesting or exercise of an
equity award;
0 under circumstances constituting a financial hardship, as so determined by the Board; or
0 pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-61