HOW DO I VOTE MY SHARES BEFORE THE 2017 ANNUAL MEETING IF I AM A SHAREHOLDER OF RECORD?
You can vote by proxy by having one or more individuals who will be at the 2017 Annual Meeting vote your shares for
you. These individuals are called "proxies," and using them to cast your ballot at the 2017 Annual Meeting is called
voting "by proxy."
Proxies will extend to, and be voted at, any adjournment or postponement of the 2017 Annual Meeting.
If you vote by proxy, you will have designated three officers of the Company to act as your proxies at the 2017 Annual
Meeting. One of them will then vote your shares at the 2017 Annual Meeting in accordance with the instructions you
have given them on the proxy card or by telephone or the Internet with respect to each of the proposals presented in
this Proxy Statement.
While we know of no other matters to be acted upon at the 2017 Annual Meeting, it is possible that other matters may
be presented at the meeting. If that happens and you have signed and not revoked a proxy, your proxy will vote on such
other matters in accordance with his or her best judgment.
A shareholder of record may vote by proxy any of the following ways:
0 Via the Internet. You may vote by proxy via the Internet by following the instructions provided in the notice or
proxy card; have your notice or proxy card in hand as you will be prompted to enter your control number.
0 Via Telephone. You may vote by proxy via telephone by following the instructions provided in the proxy card;
have your notice or proxy card in hand as you will be prompted to enter your control number.
0 By Mail. You may vote by proxy by filling out the proxy card and returning it in the envelope provided.
CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE AFTER I HAVE DELIVERED MY PROXY?
If you decide to vote by proxy (whether by Internet, telephone or mail), you can revoke — that is, change or cancel —
your vote at any time before your proxy casts his or her vote at the 2017 Annual Meeting. Revoking your vote by proxy
may be accomplished in one of three ways:
0 You can send an executed, later-dated proxy card to the Corporate Secretary of the Company, call in different
_0 instructions, or provide different instructions through the Internet voting site; or
:13 . . . . .
0 You can notify the Corporate Secretary of the Company In writing that you Wish to revoke your proxy; or
Q 0 You can attend the 2017 Annual Meeting and vote in person.
9
HOW DO I VOTE MY SHARES BEFORE THE 2017 ANNUAL MEETING IF I AM A BENEFICIAL OWNER OF SHARES HELD IN STREET
NAME?
You may instruct your broker or the 401 K Plan's trustee, as applicable, how to vote on your behalf in any of the following
ways:
0 Via the Internet. You may instruct your broker or the 401 K Plan's trustee, as applicable, as to your vote via the
Internet by visiting www.proxyvote.com and entering the control number found in the notice or voting instruction
form sent to you.
0 Via Telephone. You may instruct your broker or the 401 K Plan's trustee, as applicable, as to your vote by calling
the toll-free number found in your voting instruction form and entering the control number found in the notice
or voting instruction form sent to you.
0 By Mail. You may instruct your broker or the 401K Plan's trustee, as applicable, as to your vote by mail by
filling out the voting instruction form provided to you and returning it in the envelope provided.
Shares held in a broker's name may be voted by the broker, but only in accordance with the rules of the New York Stock
Exchange. For more details, see "WHAT IS A BROKER NON-VOTE?“ immediately below.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-8