In general, compensation reported in the Summary Compensation Table at PS-68 as "Salary", "Bonus" or "Non-Equity
Incentive Plan Compensation" is compensation for purposes of the Plans; amounts attributable to the exercise of stock
options or to the vesting of restricted stock are not included. However, Internal Revenue Code requirements limit the
amount of compensation that may be included in calculating the benefit under the Pension Plan.
Pension Plan
These are the key features of the Pension Plan:
0 it is a "tax-qualified" plan, that is, it is designed to comply with those provisions of the Internal Revenue Code
applicable to retirement plans;
0 it is a "funded" plan (money has been deposited into a trust that is insulated from the claims of the Company's
creditors);
o it is available at no cost to US. employees hired by Tiffany before January 1, 2006;
0 executive officers hired before January 1, 2006 are participants;
0 benefits vest after five years of service;
0 benefits are based on the participant's average final compensation and years of service;
0 benefits are subject to Internal Revenue Code limitations on the total benefit and the amount that may be
included in average final compensation; and
o benefits are not offset by Social Security.
The benefit formula under the Pension Plan first calculates an annual amount based on average final compensation
and then multiplies it by years of service. This is the formula: [[(average final compensation less covered compensation)
x 0.015] plus [(average final compensation up to covered compensation) x 0.01]] X years of service. "Covered
compensation" varies by the participant's birth date and is an average of taxable wage bases calculated for Social
Security purposes.
Exampie: covered compensation for a person born in 1952 is $79,824. This person has average final compensation of
$100,000 and 25 years of service. The Pension benefit at age 65 would be calculated as follows: [[($100,000 - .
$79,824) x 0.015] plus [($79,824) x 0.01]] x 25 = $27,522 annual benefit for a single life annuity.
The form of benefit elected can reduce the amount of benefit. The highest benefit is available for an unmarried participant
who elects to take the benefit over the course of his or her own life (a single-life annuity). A person who elects to take
the benefit over the course of two lives, such as a 100% annuity over the lives of the participant and his or her spouse,
will experience an actuarial reduction in the amount of his or her benefit. g
Excess Plan Q
C3)
These are the key features of the Excess Plan: E
o it is not a qualified plan and is not subject to Internal Revenue Code limitations;
0 it is not funded (benefits are paid out of the Company's general assets, which are subject to the claims of the ‘
Company's creditors);
o it is available only to officers and other select management employees whose benefits under the Pension Plan
are affected by Internal Revenue Code limitations, including executive officers who participate in the Pension
Plan;
0 it uses the same retirement benefit formula as is set forth in the Pension Plan, but includes in average final
compensation earnings that are excluded under the Pension Plan due to Internal Revenue Code Limitations;
0 benefits are offset by benefits payable under the Pension Plan;
0 benefits are not offset by benefits payable under Social Security;
0 benefits vest after five years of service;
0 benefits are subject to forfeiture if employment is terminated for cause;
TIFFANY & co.
PS-85