(vi) Changes in the Company's product or geographic sales mix could affect the Company's profitability.
The Company sells an extensive selection of jewelry and other merchandise at a wide range of retail price points that
yield different gross profit margins. Additionally, the Company's geographic regions achieve different operating profit
margins due to a variety of factors including product mix, store size and occupancy costs, labor costs, retail pricing
and fixed versus variable expenses. The increasing availability of, and ease of access to, retail price information
across markets, primarily through the Internet, may affect consumers' decisions regarding in which geographies to
shop. If the Company's sales mix were to shift toward products or geographic regions that are significantly different
than the Company's plans, it could have an effect, either positively or negatively, on its expected profitability.
(vii) Increases in costs of diamonds and precious metals or reduced supply availability may adversely affect the Company's
ability to produce and sell products at desired profit margins.
Most of the Company's jewelry offerings are made with diamonds, gemstones and/or precious metals. A significant
increase in the costs or change in the supply of these commodities could adversely affect the Company's business,
which is vulnerable to the risks inherent in the trade for such commodities. A substantial increase or decrease in the
’ cost or supply of precious metals and/or high-quality rough and polished diamonds within the quality grades, colors
and sizes that customers demand could affect, negatively or positively, customer demand, sales and gross profit
margins. Additionally, should synthetic diamonds (diamonds manufactured but not naturally occurring) and/or
_n treated diamonds (naturally occurring diamonds subject to treatment processes, such as irradiation) be offered in
6) significant quantities and gain consumer acceptance, the supply of, demand for and prices for natural diamonds may
be affected.
ﬂ
3 (viii) The Company may be unable to secure and retain sufficient space for its retail stores in prime locations, and
maintaining the Company's brand image and desirability to consumers requires significant investment in store construction,
maintenance and periodic renovation.
The Company, positioned as a luxury goods retailer, has established its retail presence in choice store locations.
Management regularly evaluates opportunities to optimize its retail store base, including potential markets for new
TIFFANY & CO. stores, as well as the renovation and relocation of its existing stores. Maintaining the Company's
brand image and desirability to consumers requires that stores be constructed and maintained in a manner
consistent with that brand image. This requires significant capital investment, including for periodic renovations of
existing stores. Renovations of existing stores may also result in temporary disruptions to an individual store's
business. For example, the Company has begun the conceptual phase of a multi-year effort to renovate its New York
Flagship store, which may result in business and/or consumer traffic disruptions to that store once such renovations
begin. If the Company cannot secure and retain store locations on suitable terms in prime and desired luxury
shopping locations, or if its investments to construct and/or renovate existing stores do not generate sufficient
incremental sales and/or profitability, the Company's sales and/or earnings performance could be jeopardized.
(ix) The value of the TIFFANY & CO. and TIFFANY trademarks could decline due to third-party use and infringement.
The TIFFANY & CO. and TIFFANY trademarks are assets that are essential to the competitiveness and success of the
Company's business, and the Company takes appropriate action to protect them. The Company actively pursues
those who produce or sell counterfeit TIFFANY & CO. goods through civil action and cooperation with criminal law
enforcement agencies. However, use of the designation TIFFANY by third parties on related goods or services and the
Company's failure or inability to protect against such use could adversely affect and dilute the value of the TIFFANY
& CO. brand.
Notwithstanding the general success of the Company's enforcement actions, such actions have not stopped the
imitation and counterfeiting of the Company's merchandise or the infringement of the trademark, and counterfeit
TIFFANY & CO. goods remain available in most markets. In recent years, there has been an increase in the
availability of counterfeit goods, predominantly silver jewelry, on the Internet and in various markets by street
vendors and small retailers. The continued sale of counterfeit merchandise or merchandise that infringes the
Company's trademarks could have an adverse effect on the TIFFANY & CO. brand by undermining the Company's
reputation for quality goods and making such goods appear less desirable to consumers of luxury goods. Damage to
the TIFFANY & CO. brand could result in lost sales and earnings.
TIFFANY & CO.
K-14