The independent directors of the Board similarly believe that Mr. Marquis's extensive experience with the Company
and his expertise in governance matters are invaluable in light of the changes in Board composition and executive
leadership. During Mr. Marquis's tenure, the Board has effectively planned for and implemented changes in Board
composition as well as CEO transitions. The Board believes his continued role as presiding independent director,
until his planned retirement from the Board in May 2018, is uniquely important to the Company during the current
period of transition. Therefore, the Board has granted a waiver of the Company's policy on the mandatory retirement
age for directors in respect of the nomination of Mr. Marquis at the 2017 Annual Meeting.
The Board, with the assistance of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, will reassess the appropriateness
of the existing leadership structure as warranted, including following changes in management, in Board composition
or in the nature, scope or complexity of the Company's operations.
EXECUTIVE SESSIONS OF NON-MANAGEMENT DIRECTORS/PRESIDING INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
Non-management directors meet regularly in executive session without the participation of management directors or
executive officers. This encourages open discussion. In addition, at least once per year the independent directors meet
separately in executive session. In these executive sessions, Mr. Marquis, as presiding independent director, presides.
COMMUNICATION WITH NON-MANAGEMENT DIRECTORS
Shareholders and other interested persons may send written communications to the entire Board or to any of the non-
management directors by addressing their concerns to Mr. Marquis, Chairman of the Nominating/Corporate Governance
Committee (presiding independent director), at the following address: Corporate Secretary (Legal Department), Tiffany &
Co., 727 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10022. All communications will be compiled by the Corporate Secretary
and submitted to the Board or an individual director, as appropriate, on a periodic basis.
INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS CONSTITUTE A MAJORITY OF THE BOARD
The Board has affirmatively determined that each of the following directors and director-nominees is "independent"
under the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange in that none of them has a material relationship with the
Company (directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of any organization that has a relationship with the Company): ,
Rose Marie Bravo, Gary E. Costley, Roger N. Farah, Lawrence K. Fish, Abby F. Kohnstamm, James E. Lillie, Charles K.
Marquis, Peter W. May, Robert S. Singer and Francesco Trapani.
All of the members of the Audit, Nominating/Corporate Governance and Compensation Committees are independent as
indicated in the prior paragraph.
Q
The Board also considered the othertests of independence set forth in the New York Stock Exchange Corporate Governance
Rules and has determined that each of the above directors and nominees is independent as defined in such Rules.
o:
In addition, the Board has affirmatively determined that Robert S. Singer, Gary E. Costley, Lawrence K. Fish, Abby F. 0-
Kohnstamm and Charles K. Marquis meetthe additional, heightened independence criteria applicable to audit committee
members under New York Stock Exchange rules. .
In determining that Mr. Trapani is independent, the Board specifically considered the Cooperation Agreement, the
Trapani Cooperation Agreement and the Nomination Agreement (as defined below). In determining that Messrs. Farah
and Lillie are independent, the Board specifically considered the Cooperation Agreement. See "Item 1. Election of the
Board" at PS-17 for additional information regarding the Cooperation Agreement and Trapani Cooperation Agreement.
See "Item 3. Approval, on an Advisory Basis, of the Compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers—Director
Compensation Table—Additional Compensation from JANA Partners LLC" at PS-97 for additional information regarding
the Nomination Agreement.
To the Company's knowledge, none of the other independent directors or director nominees has any direct or indirect
relationship with the Company, other than as a director.
BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS AND ATTENDANCE DURING FISCAL 2016
Pursuant to the Company's Corporate Governance Principles, directors are expected to attend the regularly scheduled
Board meetings, as well as all regularly scheduled meetings for those committees on which they serve. Directors are
TIFFANY & co.
PS-23