Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Tiffany & Co.:
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of earnings,
of comprehensive earnings, of stockholders' equity, and of cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Tiffany & Co. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") at January 31, 2017 and 2016, and the
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2017 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our
opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) presents fairly, in all
material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial
statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
financial reporting as of January 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company's
management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining ‘
effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, appearing under
Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement
schedule, and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We %
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United P
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial Q
reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a LL
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal f ‘
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our Opinions.
A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
New York, New York
March 17,2017
TIFFANY & CO.
K-49