OTHER MATTERS
Shareholder Proposals for Inclusion in the Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting
If you wish to submit a proposal to be included in the Proxy Statement for our 2018 Annual Meeting, we must receive
it no later than December 8, 2017. Proposals should be sent to the Company at 727 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York
10022 addressed to the attention of Corporate Secretary (Legal Department).
Other Proposals
Our By-laws set forth certain procedures for shareholders of record who wish to nominate directors or propose other
business to be considered at an annual meeting. If you wish to nominate a candidate for election as a director at an
annual meeting or propose other business for consideration at an annual meeting, written notice complying with the
requirements set forth in our By-laws generally must be delivered to the Company at 727 Fifth Avenue, New York, New
York 10022 to the attention of the Corporate Secretary (Legal Department), not later than 90 days, and not earlier than
120 days, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting. Accordingly, a shareholder nomination
or proposal intended to be considered at the 2018 Annual Meeting must be received by the Company no earlier than
January 25, 2018 and no later than February 24, 2018.
Except as required by applicable law, the Company will consider only proposals meetingthe requirements of the applicable
requirements of the SEC and our By-laws.
Householding
The SEC allows us to deliver a single proxy statement and annual report to an address shared by two or more of our
shareholders. This delivery method, referred to as "householding," can result in significant cost savings for us. In order
to take advantage of this opportunity, the Company and banks and brokerage firms that hold your shares have delivered
only one proxy statement and annual report to multiple shareholders who share an address unless one or more of the
shareholders has provided contrary instructions. The Company will deliver promptly, upon written or oral request, a
separate copy of the proxy statement and annual report to a shareholder at a shared address to which a single copy of
the documents was delivered. A shareholder who wishes to receive a separate copy of the proxy statement and annual
report, now or in the future, may obtain one, without charge, by addressing a request to Annual Report Administrator,
Tiffany & Co., 200 Fifth Avenue, 14th floor, New York, New York 10010 or by calling 212-230-5302. You may also
obtain a copy of the proxy statement and annual report from the Company's website www.tiffany.com, by clicking
.0 "Investors" at the bottom of the page, and selecting "Financial Information" from the left-hand column. Shareholders of
:8 record sharing an address who are receiving multiple copies of proxy materials and annual reports and wish to receive
§ a single copy of such materials in the future should submit their request by contacting us in the same manner. If you
are the beneficial owner, but not the record holder, of the Company's shares and wish to receive only one copy of the
g proxy statement and annual report in the future, you will need to contact your broker, bank or other nominee to request
that only a single copy of each document be mailed to all shareholders at the shared address in the future.
Reminder to Vote
Please be sure to either complete, sign and mail the proxy card or voting instruction form, as applicable, in the return
envelope provided or call in your instructions or vote via the Internet as soon as you can so that your vote may be recorded
and counted.
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
W W? am
Leigh M. Harlan
Secretary
New York, New York
Apﬁl7,2017
TIFFANY & CO.
PS-104