the Company and compete on the basis of that reputation. Certain other jewelers and retailers compete primarily
through advertised price promotion. The Company competes on the basis of the Brand's reputation for high-quality
products, customer service and distinctive merchandise and does not engage in price promotional advertising.
Competition for engagement jewelry sales is particularly and increasingly intense. The Company's retail price for
diamond jewelry reflects the rarity of the stones it offers and the rigid parameters it exercises with respect to the cut,
clarity and other diamond quality factors which increase the beauty of the diamonds, but which also increase the
Company's cost. The Company competes in this market by emphasizing quality.
SEASONALITY
As a jeweler and specialty retailer, the Company's business is seasonal in nature, with the fourth quarter typically
representing approximately one-third of annual net sales and a higher percentage of annual net earnings.
Management expects such seasonality to continue.
EMPLOYEES
As of January 31, 2017, the Company employed an aggregate of approximately 1 1,900 full-time and part-time
persons. Of those employees, approximately 5,200 are employed in the United States. %
F>
E
AVAILABLE INFORMATION
The Company files annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy
and information statements and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a), 14 and 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The public may read and copy these materials at the SEC's r ‘
Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC. 20549. The public may obtain information on the
operation of the public reference room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains a website at
www.sec.go:v that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding Tiffany & Co.
and other companies that electronically file materials with the SEC. Copies of the Company's reports on Form 10-K,
Forms 10-Q and Forms 8-K may be obtained, free of charge, on the Company's website at http://investor.tiffany.com/
financials.cfm.
Item 1A. Risk Factors.
As is the case for any retailer, the Company's success in achieving its objectives and expectations is dependent upon
general economic conditions, competitive conditions and consumer attitudes. However, certain factors are specific to
the Company and/or the markets in which it operates. The following "risk factors" are specific to the Company; these
risk factors affect the likelihood that the Company will achieve the objectives and expectations communicated by
management:
(i) Challenging global economic conditions and related low levels of consumer confidence over a prolonged period of time
could adversely affect the Company's sales and earnings.
As a retailer of goods which are discretionary purchases, the Company's sales results are particularly sensitive to
changes in economic conditions and consumer confidence. Consumer confidence is affected by general business
conditions; political uncertainties and/or developments; changes in the market value of equity securities and real
estate; inflation; interest rates and the availability of consumer credit; tax rates; and expectations of future economic
conditions and employment prospects.
Consumer spending for discretionary goods generally declines during times of falling consumer confidence, which
negatively affects the Company's sales and earnings.
TIFFANY & co.
K-11