° Deferrals may be made to a retirement account and to accounts which will pay out on specified "in-service" dates;
0 Participants must elect to make deferrals in advance of the period during which the deferred compensation is
earned;
0 Retirement accounts pay out in 5, 10, 15 or 20 annual installments after retirement as elected in advance by
the participant;
0 Except in the case of previously elected "in-service" payout dates, participants are not allowed to withdraw funds
while they remain employed other than for unforeseeable emergencies and then only with the permission of the
Board;
0 Termination of services generallytriggers a distribution of all account balances otherthan, in the case of retirement
or disability, retirement balances; and
0 Most participants, including all executive officers, will not receive any distribution from the plan unti| six months
following termination of services.
Excess DCRB Feature of the Deferral Plan
The Deferral Plan provides for an Excess DCRB Contribution each year with respect to certain eligible employees under
the DCRB feature of the 401(k) Plan. If an eligible employee under the DCRB feature (i) holds a title of Vice President
or above, (ii) receives a DCRB Contribution under the 401(k) Plan in a given year, and (iii) such DCRB Contribution is
curtailed by reason of the limitations under Sections 401(a)(17) or 415 of the Internal Revenue Code, the eligible
employee shall have an Excess DCRB Contribution credited to his or her Deferred Benefit Accounts under the Deferral
Plan.
The Excess DCRB feature is intended to benefit those eligible employees who were hired on or after January 1, 2006,
and accordingly were precluded from participation in the Pension Plan, Excess Plan and Supplemental Plan. Messrs.
Erceg, Bellaiche and Galtie are eligible for benefits under the Excess DCRB feature of the Deferral Plan. Upon their
departures, Messrs. Cumenal and Nicoletti became entitled to distribution of their vested Excess DCRB Contributions,
and forfeited the unvested portion of their Excess DCRB Contributions. See Note (b) to the Nonqualified Deferred
Compensation Table above for further information concerning their Excess DCRB Contributions.
The Excess DCRB Contribution vests in accordance with the vesting schedule for DCRB Contributions under the 401 ‘
(k) Plan, as follows:
Years of Service Vested Percentage
Less than 2 Years —%
Q
2 years or more 20% 5
3 years or more 40%
4 years or more 60% E
5 years or more 80%
6 years or more 100% ‘
TIFFANY & co.
PS-89