Traditional Pension Retirement Benefit
Ms. Cloud participates in the tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan available to all full-time U.S. employees
hired before January 1, 2006. She also receives incremental benefits under the 2004 Tiffany and Company Un-
funded Retirement lncome Plan to Recognize Compensation in Excess of Internal Revenue Code Limits ("Excess
Plan") and the 1994 Tiffany and Company Supplemental Retirement Income Plan ("Supplemental Plan").
The Excess Plan credits base salary and short-term incentive in excess of amounts that the Internal Revenue
Service ("IRS") allows the tax-qualified pension plan to credit in computing benefits, although benefits under
both of these plans are computed under the same formula. The Committee considers it fair and consistent with
the employee retention purpose of the tax-qualified pension plan to maintain for executives the relationship
established for employees compensated below the IRS limit between annual cash compensation and pension
benefits.
The Supplemental Plan serves as a retention incentive for experienced executives by increasing the percentage
of average final compensation provided as a benefit when the executive reaches specified service milestones.
For a further description of these traditional pension retirement benefits see "Pension Benefits Table—Features
of the Pension Benefit Plans“ at PS-84.
,Bqui tLGtan ts - Retiementjimvtstoos
RS Us are forfeited upon retirement. Prior to January 2017, the terms applicable to stock options did not provide
for continued vesting beyond retirement, and the exercise period for vested options was two years from retirement.
Stock options awarded in January 2017 provide for continued vesting upon retirement, and an exercise period
for vested options of five years from retirement, provided that the grant was made at least six months prior to
the retirement date, and subject to continued compliance with post-employment restrictive covenants.
Prior to 2015, the terms applicable to awards of PSUs did not provide for continued vesting beyond retirement.
The Committee amended the terms applicable to the PSUs awarded beginning in January 2015 to provide for
continued vesting beyond retirement. A recipient of these awards who retires from employment during the
applicable performance period will vest in a pro-rated portion of the award, reflective of the number of months
worked during the performance period, and contingent on the satisfaction of pre-determined performance goals.
The Committee again amended the terms applicable to PSUs in January 2017 such that PSUs awarded in January
2017 will continue to vest upon retirement in accordance with their terms (including satisfaction of pre-
© determined performance goals), without pro-rating based on length of time worked duringthe performance period,
é provided that the grant was awarded at least six months prior to the retirement date, and subject to continued
Q compliance with post-employment restrictive covenants.
»
LIFE INSURANCE BENEFITS
IRS limitations render the life insurance benefits that the Company provides to all full-time U.S. employees in
multiples of their annual base salaries largely unavailable to the Company's executive officers. The Company
maintains the relationship established for lower-compensated employees between annual base salaries and life
insurance benefits through executive-owned, employer-paid whole-life policies. (For an explanation of the key
features of the life insurance benefits, see "Discussion of Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-
Based Awards—Life Insurance Benefits" at PS-77.) Life insurance premiums are taxable to the executives, and
no gross-up is paid. Mr. Nicoletti declined this benefit upon joining the Company.
DISABILITY INSURANCE BENEFITS
The Company provides executive officers with special disability insurance benefits because their salaries are
inconsistent with the income replacement limits of the Company's standard disability insurance policies. Thus,
these special disability benefits maintain the relationship established for employees compensated below the IRS
limit between annual cash compensation and disability benefits. Disability insurance premiums are taxable to
the executives, and no gross-up is paid.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-60