Although the District Court issued a decision in favor of the Tiffany Parties, an amount will only be recorded for any
return of amounts paid under the Arbitration Award when the District’s Court decision is final (i.e., after all rights of
appeal have been exhausted) and return of these amounts is deemed probable and collection is reasonably
assured. As such, the Company has not recorded any amounts in its consolidated financial statements related to the
District Court’s decision.
Additionally, management has not established any accrual in the Company's consolidated financial statements for
the year ended January 31, 2017 related to the annulment process or any potential subsequent litigation because it
does not believe that the final annulment of the Arbitration Award and a subsequent award of damages exceeding the
Arbitration Damages is probable.
Royalties payable to the Tiffany Parties by Watch Company under the Agreements and sales of watches manufactured
by Watch Company and sold in TIFFANY & C0. stores were not significant in any year.
In 2015, management introduced new TIFFANY & C0. brand watches, which have been designed, produced,
marketed and distributed through certain of the Company's Swiss subsidiaries. The effective development and growth
of this watch business has required and will continue to require additional resources and involves risks and ‘
uncertainties.
Other Matters. The Company is from time to time involved in routine litigation incidental to the conduct of its
business, including proceedings to protect its trademark rights, litigation with parties claiming infringement of %
patents and other intellectual property rights by the Company, litigation instituted by persons alleged to have been P
injured upon premises under the Company's control and litigation with present and former employees and customers. E
Although litigation with present and former employees is routine and incidental to the conduct of the Company's Q
business, as well as for any business employing significant numbers of employees, such litigation can result in large LL
monetary awards when a civil jury is allowed to determine compensatory and/or punitive damages for actions
claiming discrimination on the basis of age, gender, race, religion, disability or other legally protected characteristic
or for termination of employment that is wrongful or in violation of implied contracts. However, the Company believes r ‘
that all such litigation currently pending to which it is a party or to which its properties are subject will be resolved
without any material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, earnings or cash flows.
Gain Contingency. On February 14, 2013, Tiffany and Company and Tiffany (NJ) LLC (collectively, the "Tiffany
plaintiffs") initiated a lawsuit against Costco Wholesale Corp. ("Costco") for trademark infringement, false designation
of origin and unfair competition, trademark dilution and trademark counterfeiting (the "Costco Litigation"). The
Tiffany plaintiffs sought injunctive relief, monetary recovery and statutory damages on account of Costco's use of
"Tiffany" on signs in the jewelry cases at Costco stores used to describe certain diamond engagement rings that were
not manufactured by Tiffany. Costco filed a counterclaim arguing that the TIFFANY trademark was a generic term for
multi-pronged ring settings and seeking to have the trademark invalidated, modified or partially canceled in that
respect. On September 8, 2015, the US. District Court for the Southern District of New York (the "Court") granted
the Tiffany plaintiffs' motion for summary judgment of liability in its entirety, dismissing Costco's genericism
counterclaim and finding that Costco was liable for trademark infringement, trademark counterfeiting and unfair
competition under New York law in its use of "Tiffany" on the above-referenced signs. On September 29, 2016, a
civil jury rendered its verdict, finding that Costco's profits on the sale of the infringing rings should be awarded at
$5.5 million, and further finding that an award of punitive damages was warranted. On October 5, 2016, the jury
awarded $8.25 million in punitive damages. The aggregate award of $13.75 million is not final, and is subject to
post-verdict motion practice and ultimately to adjustment by the Court. In such post-verdict motion practice, the
Tiffany plaintiffs asserted that the profits award should be trebled and that Costco should also pay the Tiffany
plaintiffs' legal fees in respect of this matter. Management expects that the Court will enter its final judgment as to
the damages and other monetary recovery that Costco will be ordered to pay to the Tiffany plaintiffs during the
Company's 2017 fiscal year. Management also expects that Costco will appeal this judgment, and that the Tiffany
plaintiffs will be unable to enforce the judgment while the appeal is pending. As such, the Company has not
recorded any amount in its consolidated financial statements related to this gain contingency as of January 31,
2017, and expects that this matter will not ultimately be resolved until, at the earliest, the Company's fiscal year
ending January 31, 2018.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.
Not Applicable.
TIFFANY & co.
K-21