Information concerning each of the nominees of the Board is set forth below:
Michael 1. Mr. Kowalski, 65, was named Interim Chief Executive Officer of Tiffany& Co. effective February
Kowalski 5, 2017 and it is expected that he will continue to serve in such capacity until a new Chief
Executive Officer ("CEO") is appointed by the Company. Mr. Kowalski joined Tiffany in 1983
and was CEO from 1999 until his retirement effective March 31, 2015. Mr. Kowalski has
been a director of Tiffany & Co. since 1995 and has been Chairman since the end of Fiscal
2002. He has also served on the Board of Directors of the following public company during
the past five years: The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. The Bank of New York Mellon
Corporation is one of Tiffany& Co.'s principal banking relationships, serving as a co-syndication
agent and lender under Tiffany & Co.'s revolving credit facilities, as the trustee under the
indenture governing certain of Tiffany & Co.'s senior notes and as the trustee for the Tiffany
and Company Pension Plan. Mr. Kowalski holds a BS. from the University of Pennsylvania's
Wharton School and an M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School.
Key Skills: merchandising, management, motivation and strategic planning.
Rose Marie Bravo Ms. Bravo, CBE, 66, became a director of Tiffany& Co. in 1997. Ms. Bravo previously served
as CEO of Burberry Limited from 1997 until 2006 and as President of Saks Fifth Avenue from
1992 to 1997. Prior to Saks, Ms. Bravo held a series of merchandising positions at Macy's,
culminating in the Chairman & CEO role at l. Magnin, which was a division of R. H. Macy &
00. Ms. Bravo also serves on the Board of Directors of Estee Lauder Companies Inc. and
Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Key Skills: retail and brand management, merchandising and product development.
Gary E. Costley Dr. Costley, 73, became a director of Tiffany& Co. in 2007. He served as Chairman and CEO
of International Multifoods Corporation, a manufacturer and marketer of branded consumer
food and food service products, from 1997 until his retirement in 2004. Dr. Costley was Dean
of the Graduate School of Management at Wake Forest University from 1995 until 1997. Dr.
Costley held numerous positions at the Kellogg Company from 1970 until 1994 when he was
President of Kellogg North America. Dr. Costley serves on the Board of Directors and as Lead
Director of Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. and as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of
NanoBio Corporation, a private early stage vaccine company. He has also served on the Board
of Directors of the following public companies during the past five years: Covance Inc. and
.0 The Principal Financial Group.
Key Skills: multi-divisional operations, global management, marketing and manufacturing.
g Roger N. Farah Mr. Farah, 64, became a director of Tiffany & Co. on March 6, 2017. He served as the Co-
CEO of Tory Burch LLC from September 2014 to March 1, 2017, when he transitioned to the
role of Executive Director in which he serves in an advisory capacity to that company. He has
also served as a member of the Board of Directors of Tory Burch LLC since September 2014.
g Mr. Farah served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Ralph Lauren Corporation from
2000 to 2013 and as Executive Vice Chairman from November 2013 to May 2014. He was
a member of the Board of Directors of Ralph Lauren Corporation from 2000 to 2014. Prior
to joining Ralph Lauren Corporation, he served as Chairman of the Board and CEO of Venator
Group, Inc. (now Foot Locker, Inc.), as President and Chief Operating Officer of R.H. Macy &
Co., Inc. and as Chairman and CEO of Federated Merchandising Services. Mr. Farah currently
serves on the Board of Directors of The Progressive Corporation and Aetna, Inc., and as a non-
executive director of Metro Bank PLC. Mr. Farah holds a BS. in Economics from the University
of Pennsylvania, Wharton School of Business.
Key Skills: luxury brand management, global management, marketing and product
development.
TIFFANY & CO.
PS-18