Report of Management
Management’s Responsibility for Financial Information. The Company's consolidated financial statements were
prepared by management, who are responsible for their integrity and objectivity. The financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and, as such,
include amounts based on management's best estimates and judgments.
Management is further responsible for maintaining a system of internal accounting control designed to provide
reasonable assurance that the Company's assets are adequately safeguarded, and that the accounting records reflect
transactions executed in accordance with management's authorization. The system of internal control is continually
reviewed and is augmented by written policies and procedures, the careful selection and training of qualified
personnel and a program of internal audit.
The consolidated financial statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered
public accounting firm. Their report is shown on page K-49. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which is
composed solely of independent directors, meets regularly with the Company's management and the independent
’ registered public accounting firm to discuss specific accounting, financial reporting and internal control matters.
Both the independent registered public accounting firm and the internal auditors have full and free access to the
Audit Committee. Each year the Audit Committee selects the firm that is to perform audit services for the Company.
an) Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Management is responsible for establishing and
g maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a - 15(f).
$ Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting using the
3 criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations ("COSO") of the Treadway Commission in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework issued in 2013. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Based on this evaluation, management
concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2017 based on criteria in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the C080. The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting as of January 31, 2017 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is shown on page K-49.
ls/ Michael J. Kowalski
Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer
ls/ Mark J. Erceg
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Item QB. Other Information.
NONE
TIFFANY & CO.
K-98