Hedging Instruments
The Company uses derivative financial instruments to mitigate a portion of its foreign currency, precious metal price
and interest rate exposures. Derivative instruments are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet at their fair
values, as either assets or liabilities, with an offset to current or other comprehensive earnings, depending on
whether a derivative is designated as part of an effective hedge transaction and, if it is, the type of hedge
transaction.
Marketable Securities
The Company's marketable securities, recorded within other assets, net, are classified as available-for-sale and are
recorded at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported as a separate component of stockholders' equity.
Realized gains and losses are recorded in other (income) expense, net. The marketable securities are held for an
indefinite period of time, but may be sold in the future as changes in market conditions or economic factors occur.
The fair value of the marketable securities is determined based on prevailing market prices. The Company recorded
$2.9 million and $0.9 million of gross unrealized gains and $1.1 million and $1.8 million of gross unrealized losses
within accumulated other comprehensive loss as of January 31, 2017 and 2016. ‘
Realized gains or losses reclassified from other comprehensive earnings are determined on the basis of specific
identification. 3
The Company's marketable securities primarily consist of investments in mutual funds. When evaluating marketable P
securities for other-than-temporary impairment, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and the E
extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer, and the Company's ability
and intent to hold the investments for a period of time which may be sufficient for anticipated recovery in market
value. Based on the Company's evaluations, it determined that any unrealized losses on its outstanding mutual funds
were temporary in nature and, therefore, did not record any impairment charges as of January 31, 2017, 2016 or
2015. r ‘
Merchandise Credits and Deferred Revenue
Merchandise credits and deferred revenue primarily represent outstanding gift cards sold to customers and
outstanding credits issued to customers for returned merchandise. All such outstanding items may be tendered for
future merchandise purchases. A gift card liability is established when the gift card is sold. A merchandise credit
liability is established when a merchandise credit is issued to a customer for a returned item and the original sale is
reversed. The liabilities are relieved and revenue is recognized when merchandise is purchased and delivered to the
customer and the merchandise credit or gift card is used as a form of payment.
If merchandise credits or gift cards are not redeemed over an extended period of time (for example, approximately
three to five years in the U.S.), the value of the merchandise credits or gift cards is generally remitted to the
applicable jurisdiction in accordance with unclaimed property laws.
Revenue Recognition
Sales are recognized at the "point of sale," which occurs when merchandise is taken in an "over-the-counter"
transaction or upon receipt by a customer in a shipped transaction, such as through the Internet and catalog
channels. Revenue associated with gift cards and merchandise credits is recognized upon redemption. Sales are
reported net of returns, sales tax and other similar taxes. Shipping and handling fees billed to customers are
included in net sales. The Company maintains a reserve for potential product returns and it records, as a reduction to
sales and cost of sales, its provision for estimated product returns, which is determined based on historical
expenence.
Additionally, outside of the U.S., the Company operates certain TIFFANY & C0. stores within various department
stores. Sales transacted at these store locations are recognized at the "point of sale." The Company and these
department store operators have distinct responsibilities and risks in the operation of such TIFFANY & C0. stores.
The Company (i) owns and manages the merchandise; (ii) establishes retail prices; (iii) has merchandising,
marketing and display responsibilities; and (iv) in almost all locations provides retail staff and bears the risk of
inventory loss. The department store operators (i) provide and maintain store facilities; (ii) in almost all locations
TIFFANY & C0.
K-59