PROXY SUMMARY
This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all
of the information you should consider. You should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting.
ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
Date Thursday, May 25, 2017
Time 9:30 am.
Place The Rubin Museum of Art
150 West 17th Street
New York, New York
Record Date March 27, 2017
Voting Shareholders as of the record date are entitled to vote.
Each share of common stock of Tiffany & Co., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), has one
vote.
Admission Attendance at the 2017 Annual Meeting will be limited to those persons who were shareholders,
or held Company stock through a broker, bank or other nominee, at the close of business on the
record date.
Pre-registration is required to attend the 2017 Annual Meeting. Registration confirmation and
photo identification are also required for admission.
Shareholders of record will have the opportunity to vote by ballot at the 2017 Annual Meeting.
Beneficial owners of shares held in street name must contact their broker before the 2017 Annual
Meeting to obtain a legal proxy and bring the legal proxy with them to the meeting.
MATTERS TO BE VOTED 0N AT 2017 ANNUAL MEETING
There are five matters scheduled to be voted on at the 2017 Annual Meeting:
Board Recommended Broker Discretionary
% Matter Vote Required Vote Vote Allowed
Item No. 1: Election of the Board; "FOR" the election Majority of votes cast No
é of all 11 nominees "for" or "against" the
g for director nominee
Item No. 2: Ratification of the selection of the "FOR" Majority of shares Yes
independent registered public accounting firm present and entitled to
to audit our Fiscal 2017 financial statements; vote
Item No. 3: Approval, on an advisory basis, of "FOR" Majority of shares No
the compensation of the Company's named present and entitled to
executive officers as disclosed in this Proxy vote
Statement ("Say on Pay“);
Item No. 4: Preference, on an advisory basis, "FOR" a Not applicable No
on the frequency of seeking shareholder recommendation (shareholder preference
approval of the compensation paid to the that the only)
Company's named executive officers; and shareholders
approve the
compensation paid
to the Company's
named executive
officers every year
Item No. 5: Approval of the Tiffany & Co. 2017 "FOR" Majority of shares No
Directors Equity Compensation Plan. present and entitled to
vote
TIFFANY & CO.
PS-2