Certain fixed income investments are held in separately managed accounts and those investments are valued using
the underlying securities in the accounts.
Investments in mutual funds are stated at fair value as determined by quoted market prices based on the NAV of
shares held by the Plan at year-end. Investments in US. equity securities are valued at the closing price reported on
the active market on which the individual securities are traded.
Investments measured at NA V. This category consists of common/collective trusts and limited partnerships.
Common/collective trusts include investments in US. and international large, middle and small capitalization
equities. Investments in common/collective trusts are stated at estimated fair value which represents the net asset
value of shares held by the Qualified Plan as reported by the investment advisor. The net asset value is based on the
value of the underlying assets owned by the common/collective trusts, minus its liabilities and then divided by the
number of shares outstanding. The NAV is used as a practical expedient to estimate fair value.
The Qualified Plan maintains investments in limited partnerships that are valued at estimated fair value based on
financial information received from the investment advisor and/or general partner. The NAV is based on the value of
’ the underlying assets owned by the fund, minus its liabilities and then divided by the number of shares outstanding.
The NAV is used as a practical expedient to estimate fair value.
_n Benefit Payments
6
The Company expects the following future benefit payments to be paid:
ﬂ
g Pension Benefits Other Postretirement Benefits
iYears Ending January 31, (in millions) (in millions) 7
2018 $ 25.6 $ 1.9
2019 26.5 2.0
2020 27.2 2.1
2021 28.6 2.2
2022 29.7 2.3
2023-2027 171.5 14.3
Employee Profit Sharing and Retirement Savings ("EPSRS") Plan
The Company maintains an EPSRS Plan that covers substantially all U.S.-based employees. Under the profit-sharing
feature of the EPSRS Plan, the Company made contributions, in the form of newly issued Company Common Stock
through 2014, to the employees' accounts based on the achievement of certain targeted earnings objectives
established by, or as otherwise determined by, the Company's Board of Directors. Beginning in 2015, these
contributions were made in cash. The Company recorded expense of $2.3 million in 2016, no expense in 2015 and
expense of $3.1 million in 2014. Under the retirement savings feature of the EPSRS Plan, employees who meet
certain eligibility requirements may participate by contributing up to 50% of their annual compensation, not to
exceed Internal Revenue Service limits, and the Company may provide a matching cash contribution of 50% of each
participant's contributions, with a maximum matching contribution of 3% of each participant's total compensation.
The Company recorded expense of $7.5 million, $7.3 million and $7.7 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Contributions to both features of the EPSRS Plan are made in the following year.
Under the profit-sharing feature of the EPSRS Plan, for contributions made in the Company's stock, the Company's
stock contribution is required to be maintained in such stock until the employee has two or more years of service, at
which time the employee may diversify his or her Company stock account into other investment options provided
under the plan. For contributions made in cash, the contribution is allocated within the participant's account based
on their investment elections under the EPSRS Plan. If the participant has made no election, the contribution will be
invested in the appropriate default target fund as determined by each participant's date of birth. Under the
retirement savings portion of the EPSRS Plan, the employees have the ability to elect to invest a portion of their
contribution and the related matching contribution in Company stock. At January 31, 2017, investments in
Company stock represented 20% of total EPSRS Plan assets.
TIFFANY & co.
K-90