Long-Term Debt Maturities
Aggregate maturities of long-term debt as of January 31, 2017 are as follows:
Amount 3
Years Ending January 31, (in millions) 7
2018 $ —
2019 —
2020 —
2021 _
2022 _
Thereafter 888.0
7 $ 888.0 7
3 Amounts exclude any unamortized discount or premium.
Letters of Credit
211,)
The Company has available letters of credit and financial guarantees of $76.1 million of which $26.4 million was
i outstanding at January 31, 2017. Of those available letters of credit and financial guarantees, $57.5 million expires
3 within one year. These amounts do not include letters of credit issued under the Credit Facilities.
H. HEDGING INSTRUMENTS
Background Information
The Company uses derivative financial instruments, including interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps, forward
contracts, put option contracts and net-zero-cost collar arrangements (combination of call and put option contracts)
to mitigate a portion of its exposures to changes in interest rates, foreign currency and precious metal prices.
Derivative Instruments Designated as Hedging Instruments. If a derivative instrument meets certain hedge
accounting criteria, it is recorded on the consolidated balance sheet at its fair value, as either an asset or a liability,
with an offset to current or comprehensive earnings, depending on whether the hedge is designated as one of the
following on the date it is entered into:
0 Fair Value Hedge — A hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognized asset or liability or an
unrecognized firm commitment. For fair value hedge transactions, both the effective and ineffective portions of
the changes in the fair value of the derivative and changes in the fair value of the item being hedged are
recorded in current earnings.
0 Cash Flow Hedge — A hedge of the exposure to variability in the cash flows of a recognized asset, liability or a
forecasted transaction. For cash flow hedge transactions, the effective portion of the changes in fair value of
derivatives are reported as other comprehensive income ("0Cl") and are recognized in current earnings in the
period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects current earnings. Amounts excluded from the
effectiveness calculation and any ineffective portions of the change in fair value of the derivative are recognized
in current earnings.
The Company formally documents the nature of and relationships between the hedging instruments and hedged
items for a derivative to qualify as a hedge at inception and throughout the hedged period. The Company also
documents its risk management objectives, strategies for undertaking the various hedge transactions and method of
assessing hedge effectiveness. Additionally, for hedges of forecasted transactions, the significant characteristics and
expected terms of a forecasted transaction must be identified, and it must be probable that each forecasted
transaction will occur. If it were deemed probable that the forecasted transaction would not occur, the gain or loss on
the derivative financial instrument would be recognized in current earnings. Derivative financial instruments
TIFFANY & co.
K-68