Corporate Governance Best Practices
The Board seeks to ensure that the Company's executive compensation program conforms to sound corporate
governance principles and policies, as demonstrated by the following practices:
| WHAT WE no | WHAT WE DON'T no |
E Pay for performance: 87% of CEO compensation and, Tax gross-ups: No tax gross-ups, for example for life
on average, 72% of other NEO compensation, is tied insurance benefits, are paid to executive officers, other
to the Company's financial performance and/or the than for one-time relocation expenses.
performance of the stock price.
V Limited use of employment agreements: Employment Pay current dividends on unvested long-term incentives:
agreements and formal severance arrangements are Current dividends are not paid on stock options and are
used only as necessary to attract newly recruited not paid on unvested RSUs and PSUs until vesting.
executives.
Independent Executive Compensation Consultant: The Repricing ofunderwaterstock options withoutshareholder
Committee retains an independent compensation approval: The Company's shareholder-approved
consultant to advise on the executive compensation employee and director incentive plans do not permit
program and practices. repricing of underwater stock options without
shareholder approval.
Share Ownership Policy: Executive officers are expected Allow pledged shares to count under Share Ownership
to acquire and hold Company common stock worth two Policy: Shares of the Company's common stock that are
to five times their annual base salary. Non-employee pledged to a third party do not count toward the share
directors are expected to own Company common stock ownership requirements.
worth five times their annual retainer.
' "Dual trigger" requirement for Change in Control severance Grant stock options below 100% of fair market value: The
benefits: Following a change in control, outstanding Company's shareholder-approved employee and
equity awards and unvested retirement benefits will director incentive plans do not permit stock options to
only be accelerated, and cash severance benefits will be granted below 100% of fair market value.
only be paid, in the event of an involuntary termination
of employment, or if the Company does not survive the
transaction.
% Provide limited perquisites: Perquisites provided to Permit hedging of Company stock: The Company's policy
Cg executive officers on a limited basis only (for example, on insider information, applicable to all employees,
life insurance benefits and executive long-term officers, and directors, expressly prohibits speculative
g disability benefits). transactions (i.e. hedging) such as the purchase of calls
or puts, selling short or speculative transactions as to
any rights, options, warrants or convertible securities
related to Company securities.
V Clawback policy: Incentive-based compensation such
as cash incentive awards and PSUs are subject to
recoupment in the event of an accounting restatement
due to material noncompliance with financial reporting
requirements.
831.0012}:
In May 2016, the Company's Say on Pay proposal passed with 96.6% of the shareholder advisory votes in favor
of the Company's executive compensation program, which indicated to the Committee that shareholders were
supportive of the Company's executive compensation design and philosophy, and that significant changes were
not warranted. The Committee will continue to consider Say on Pay results, as well as shareholder feedback, in
the design of the compensation program.
TIFFANY & co.
Ps-44