APPENDIX ll
TIFFANY & CO.
2017 DIRECTORS EOUITY COMPENSATION PLAN
1. General
1.1 Purpose. The Tiffany& Co. 2017 Directors Equity Compensation Plan (the "Plan") has been established
by Tiffany & Co., a Delaware corporation, (the "Company") to advance the interests of the Company by
enabling the Company to attract, retain and motivate qualified individuals to serve on the Company's
Board of Directors and to further link Participants' interests with those of the Company's stockholders
through compensation that is based on the Company's Common Stock ("Stock"), thereby promoting the
long-term financial interests of the Company and its Related Companies, including the growth in value
of the Company's stockholders' equity and the enhancement of long-term returns to the Company's
stockholders.
1.2 Participation. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Committee shall, from time to time,
determine and designate from among Eligible Individuals those persons who will be granted one or more
Awards under the Plan. Eligible Individuals who are granted Awards become "Participants" in the Plan.
At the discretion of the Committee, a Participant may be granted any Award permitted under the provisions
of the Plan, and more than one Award may be granted to a Participant. Awards need not be identical but
shall be subject to the terms and conditions specified in the Plan. Subject to the last two sentences of
subsection 2.2 of the Plan, Awards may be granted as alternatives to or in replacement for awards
outstanding under the Plan, or any other plan or arrangement of the Company.
1.3 Operation, Administration, and Definitions. The operation and administration of the Plan, including the
Awards made under the Plan, shall be subject to the provisions of Section 4 (relating to operation and
administration). Initially capitalized terms used in the Plan shall be defined as set forth in the Plan
(including in the definitional provisions of Section 7 of the Plan).
1.4 Prior Plan. This Plan is intended to become effective on approval by the Company's stockholders, as .
provided for in Section 4.1 below. This Plan is intended to replace the Company's 2008 Directors Equity
Compensation Plan (the "2008 Plan") and the 1998 Directors Option Plan (the "1998 Plan") approved
by the Company's stockholders on May 15, 2008 and May 21, 1998, respectively (together, the "Prior
Plans"). In accordance with the terms of the Prior Plans: (i) no Award may be granted or otherwise made
under the 1998 Plan after May 21, 2008, or under the 2008 Plan after May 25, 2017, but (ii) the Prior
Plans shall remain in effect as long as any awards under the Prior Plans are outstanding. Shares subject g
to the Prior Plans which are not subject to outstanding awards under the Prior Plans as of the Effective >_
Date of this Plan (see subsection 4.1 of this Plan) and which have not been delivered to participants >.<
under the Prior Plans as of such Effective Date may not be awarded under the Prior Plans on or after
such Effective Date and the Prior Plans shall be deemed amended accordingly on such Effective Date. “-
Shares subject to the Prior Plans, as described in the preceding sentence, shall not be deemed transferred
to this Plan. .
2. Options
2.1 Definition. The grant of an "Option" entitles the Participant to purchase Shares at an Exercise Price
established by the Committee. Options granted under this Section 2 shall be Non-Qualified Options. A
"Non-Qualified Option" is an Option that is not intended to be an "incentive stock option" as that term is
described in section 422(b) of the Code.
2.2 Exercise Price. The per-share "Exercise Price" of each Option granted under this Section 2 shall be
established by the Committee or shall be determined by a formula established by the Committee at or
prior to the time the Option is granted; except that the Exercise Price shall not be less than 100% of the
Fair Market Value of a Share as of the Pricing Date. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the "Pricing
Date" shall be the date on which the Option is granted unless the Option is granted on a date on which
the principal exchange on which the Stock is then listed or admitted to trading is closed for trading, in
which case the "Pricing Date" shall be the most recent date on which such exchange was open for trading
TIFFANY & co.
Ps-107