qualifying for hedge accounting must maintain a specified level of effectiveness between the hedge instrument and
the item being hedged, both at inception and throughout the hedged period.
Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments. Derivative instruments which do not meet the
criteria to be designated as a hedge are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet at their fair values, as either
assets or liabilities, with an offset to current earnings.
The Company does not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.
Types of Derivative Instruments
lnterest Rate Swaps — In 2012, the Company entered into forward-starting interest rate swaps to hedge the impact of
interest rate volatility on future interest payments associated with the anticipated incurrence of $250.0 million of
additional debt which was incurred in July 2012. The Company accounted for the forward-starting interest rate
swaps as cash flow hedges. As of January 31, 2017, $19.8 million remains recorded as an unrealized loss in
accumulated other comprehensive loss, which is being amortized over the term of the 2042 Notes to which the
interest rate swaps related. ‘
In 2014, the Company entered into forward-starting interest rate swaps to hedge the impact of interest rate volatility
on future interest payments associated with the anticipated incurrence of long-term debt which was incurred shortly
thereafter (refer to "Note C. Debt"). The Company accounted for the forward-starting interest rate swaps as cash flow %
hedges. The Company settled the interest rate swaps in 2014 and recorded an unrealized loss within accumulated P
other comprehensive loss. As of January 31, 2017, $3.8 million remains recorded as an unrealized loss and is being E
amortized over the terms of the respective 2024 Notes or 2044 Notes to which the interest rate swaps related.
Cross-currency Swag — In 2016, the Company entered into cross-currency swaps to hedge the foreign exchange risk
associated with Japanese yen-denominated intercompany loans. These cross-currency swaps are designated and
accounted for as cash flow hedges. As of January 31, 2017, the notional amount of cross-currency swaps accounted r ‘
for as cash flow hedges was approximately ¥10.6 billion or $100.0 million. The cross-currency swaps have a term
ending on October 1, 2024.
Foreign Exchange Forward Contracts — The Company uses foreign exchange forward contracts to offset a portion of
the foreign currency exchange risks associated with foreign currency-denominated liabilities, intercompany
transactions and forecasted purchases of merchandise between entities with differing functional currencies. The
Company assesses hedge effectiveness based on the total changes in the foreign exchange forward contracts' cash
flows. These foreign exchange forward contracts are designated and accounted for as either cash flow hedges or
economic hedges that are not designated as hedging instruments.
TIFFANY & co.
K-69