Survey Data
The Committee used third-party survey data to evaluate compensation for the CEO and all other executive officers.
The surveys used were:
0 Towers Watson Retail Survey;
0 Towers Watson General Industry Survey; and
0 Hay Group Luxury Retail Survey.
Relative to the survey data, target total direct compensation was at the median for Mr. Galtie, and at or above
the 75th percentile for the other NEOs.
RELATIVE VALUES OF KEY COMPENSATION COMPONENTS
In January 2017, as part of its annual review of the target level of short- and long-term incentives for each
executive officer, the Committee adopted the following target incentive opportunities expressed as a percentage
of base salary. For the CEO and CFO, the Committee split the estimated value of the long-term incentives evenly
between the grant-date fair market value of the targeted number of PSUs and the estimated (Black-Scholes)
value of stock options. For the remaining NEOs, the Committee awarded 50% of target long-term incentives in
the form of PSUs (calculated based on the grant date fair market value), 25% in the form of stock options
(calculated based on the Black-Scholes value) and 25% in the form of RSUs (calculated based on the grant date
fair market value).
Target Target
Short-term Incentive Long-term Incentive
Executive Position as a Percent of Salary as a Percent of Salary
IFrederic Cumenal departure effective February I 150% I 500% I
| Mark J. Erceg IEVP — CFO | 80% | 250% |
. SVP — Strategy and o o
IJean Marc Bellalche IBusiness Development I 75/0 I 150/o I
SVP — Global Category 0 0
% IPamela H. Cloud IMarketing I 60/0 I 170/o I
IPhilippe Galtie ISVP — International I 75% I 150% I
g The amounts shown above for Mr. Cumenal were adopted by the Committee in January 2017; however, Mr.
Cumenal will not be eligible for payment of short- or long-term incentives granted in January 2017 due to his
g departure in February 2017.
The Committee believes that a minimum of 60% of the target total direct compensation of the CEO and 50%
of the target total direct compensation of the other executive officers should be composed of long-term incentives
to link realized compensation to the Company's longer-term operating and stock price performance.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-50