executive officer of the Company and her responsibilities were expanded, as she became responsible for all sales channels
in the Company's Americas region. Her current title is Senior Vice President — Americas. Prior to joining Tiffany, Ms.
de Winter served as Executive Vice President, Stores at Saks Fifth Avenue from 2008 to 2013. Following the acquisition
of Saks Fifth Avenue by Hudson's Bay Company in 2013, Ms. de Winter was appointed Executive Vice President and
Chief Merchandising Officer of Saks Fifth Avenue and served in that role until 2015.
Philippe Galtie. Mr. Galtie joined Tiffany in August 2015 as Senior Vice President — International, with responsibility
for all sales channels in the Company's Asia Pacific, Europe, Japan and Emerging Markets regions, as well as oversight
of global store development and global sales operations. In 2016, Mr. Galtie assumed responsibility for global customer
and omnichannel management and in 2017 he also assumed responsibility for global customer and sales service. Prior
to joining Tiffany, Mr. Galtie held the role of International Retail Director at Cartier since 201 1, where he was responsible
for oversight of retail and client strategy, client relations and services, operations, store design and merchandising.
Leigh M. Harlan. Ms. Harlan joined Tiffany in 2012 as Associate General Counsel. In 2014, she was promoted to Senior
Vice President — Secretary & General Counsel, with responsibility for the Company's worldwide legal affairs. Prior to
joining Tiffany, Ms. Harlan was an attorney at the lawfirm of Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP,where she practiced corporate,
transactional and finance law, from 2005 to 2012.
Andrew W. Hart. Mr. Hart joined Tiffany in 1999 as Director — Materials Management and advanced through positions
of increasing management responsibility. In 2012, he was promoted to Senior Vice President— Diamonds and Gemstones,
with responsibility for the Company's global diamond and gemstone supply chain. In 2013, Mr. Hart assumed
responsibility for jewelry manufacturing as well. His current title is Senior Vice President — Diamond & Jewelry Supply.
Caroline D. Naggiar. Ms. Naggiar joined Tiffany in 1997 as Vice President — Marketing Communications. She was
promoted to Senior Vice President, responsible for advertising and marketing in 1998, and in 2007 she was assigned
additional responsibility for the Public Relations department and named Chief Marketing Officer. In February 2016,
Ms. Naggiar was named Senior Vice President—Chief Brand Officer. Her current responsibilities includethe establishment
of the strategic vision for the TIFFANY & CO. brand, managing brand equity, global brand management and global public
relations.
.0
:n
g
TIFFANY & co.
PS-16