Through the efforts above, management is committed to the following long-term financial objectives:
0 To achieve improved operating margins, through both improved gross margin and efficient expense
management.
Management's long-term objective is to improve gross margin, including through controlling product input
costs, realizing greater efficiencies in its product supply chain and adjusting retail prices when appropriate.
Additionally, management is focused on efficient selling, general and administrative expense management,
thereby generating sales leverage on fixed costs. These efforts are collectively intended to generate a higher
rate of operating earnings growth relative to sales growth, and management targets an improvement in
operating margin of 50 basis points per year over the long term.
0 To increase store productivity and profitability.
Management is focused on increasing the frequency of store visits and the percentage of store visitors who
7 make a purchase, as well as optimal utilization of square footage, to grow sales and sales per square foot.
0 To improve inventory and other asset productivity and cash flow.
_n Management's long-term objective is to maintain inventory growth at a rate less than sales growth, with
63 greater focus on efficiencies in product sourcing and manufacturing as well as optimizing store inventory
g levels, all of which is intended to contribute to improvements in cash flow and return on assets.
ﬂ
3 ° To maintain a capital structure that provides financial strength and the ability to invest in strategic
initiatives, while also allowing for the return of excess capital to shareholders.
2016 SUMMARY
0 Worldwide net sales decreased 3% to $4.0 billion reflecting declines in the Americas and Europe partly
offset by an increase in Japan and unchanged sales in Asia-Pacific, and comparable store sales decreased
5% due to declines in all regions except Japan. On a constant-exchange-rate basis (see "Non-GAAP
Measures"), worldwide net sales decreased 3% and comparable store sales decreased 5% reflecting similar
trends.
0 The Company added a net of 6 TIFFANY & 00. stores (opening seven in Asia-Pacific, three in Europe and
one in the Americas, while closing three in Asia-Pacific and one each in Japan and Europe and relocating 5
stores) resulting in a 3% net increase in gross retail square footage.
° The Company expanded its offerings within several existing jewelry collections, including its TIFFANY T and
RETURN TO TIFFANY® LOVE collections, and introduced new watch designs.
0 Earnings from operations as a percentage of net sales ("operating margin") decreased 0.5 percentage point.
Excluding impairment charges recorded in 2016 and 2015 (see "Non-GAAP Measures"), operating margin
decreased 0.7 percentage point. An improvement in gross margin was more than offset by a lack of sales
leverage on selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") expenses.
0 Net earnings decreased 4% to $446.1 million, or $3.55 per diluted share. Net earnings in 2016 included
impairment charges of $0.19 per diluted share (see "Non-GAAP Measures") and an income tax benefit of
$0.05 per diluted share (as a result of the conclusion of a tax examination). Net earnings in 2015 included
charges of $0.24 per diluted share (see "Non-GAAP Measures"). Excluding these charges, net earnings per
diluted share declined 2% to $3.75.
0 Inventories, net decreased 3%.
0 Cash flow from operating activities of $702.1 million in 2016, compared with $813.6 million in 2015. Free
cash flow (see "Non-GAAP Measures") of $479.3 million in 2016, compared with $560.9 million in 2015.
Cash flow from operating activities and free cash flow in 2016 include a voluntary cash contribution of
TIFFANY & co.
K-28