6.3 Consent of Affected Participants. No amendment to or termination of the Plan shall, in the absence of
written consent to the change by the affected Participant (or, if the Participant is not then living or if the
Award has been transferred pursuant to a right of transfer contained in an Award Agreement, the affected
beneficiary or affected transferee, as the case may be), adversely affect the rights of any Participant,
beneficiary or permitted transferee under any Award granted under the Plan prior to the date such
amendment or termination is adopted by the Board.
7. Defined Terms
For the purposes of the Plan, the terms listed below shall be defined as follows:
Award. The term "Award" shall mean, individually and collectively, any award or benefit granted to any Participant
under the Plan, including, without limitation, the grant of Options and Stock Awards.
Award Agreement. The term "Award Agreement" is defined in subsection 4.10.
Board. The term "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.
Code. The term "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. A reference to any provision
of the Code shall include reference to any successor provision of the Code or of any law that is enacted to
replace the Code.
Eligible Individual. The term "Eligible Individual" shall mean a Non-Employee Director. The term “Non-Employee
Director" means a member of the Board who is not at the time of an Award also an employee of the Company
or a Related Company.
Fair Market Value. For purposes of determining the "Fair Market Value" of a share of Stock, the following rules
shall apply:
(i) If the Stock is at the time listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange, then the Fair Market
Value shall be the simple arithmetic mean between the lowest and the highest reported sales prices ‘
of the Stock on the date in question on the principal exchange on which the Stock is then listed or
admitted to trading. If no reported sale of Stock takes place on the date in question on the principal
exchange, then the reported closing asked price of the Stock on such date on the principal exchange
shall be determinative of Fair Market Value.
(ii) If the Stock is not at the time listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange, the Fair Market g
Value shall be the mean between the lowest reported bid price and the highest reported asked price >_
of the Stock on the date in question in the over-the-counter market, as such prices are reported in x
a publication of general circulation selected by the Committee and regularly reporting the market 3:)
price of the Stock in such market. 0-
(iii) If the Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or traded in the over-the- .
counter market, the Fair Market Value shall be as determined by the Committee, acting in good faith.
Related Companies. The term "Related Company" means:
(i) any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity during any period in which such corporation,
partnership, joint venture or other entity owns, directly or indirectly, at least fifty percent (50%) of
the voting power of all classes of voting stock of the Company (or any corporation, partnership, joint
venture or other entity which is a successor to the Company);
(ii) any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity during any period in which the Company
(or any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity which is a successor to the Company
or any entity that is a Related Company by reason of clause (i) next above) owns, directly or indirectly,
at least a fifty percent (50%) voting or profits interest; or
TIFFANY & co.
PS-113