DISCUSSION OF SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE
AND GRANTS 0F PLAN-BASED AWARDS
NON-EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN AWARDS
Fiscal 2016 Grants - Performance and ﬂan/out
Payout amounts for the short-term incentive awards granted in January 2016 are shown in the Summary Compensation
Table underthe column headed "Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation." For a description of these awards, including
the performance goals established at the start of the performance period for the Corporate Portion and the Individual
Portion, see "Short-Term Incentives—Fiscal 2016" at PS-52.
In March 2017, the Committee determined that the operating earnings threshold of $457 million had been met. The
Committee further determined that the payout percentage for the Corporate Portion would be 79% of the target award,
based on Fiscal 2016 operating earnings of $759.2 million, excluding certain charges as permitted under the 2014
Employee Incentive Plan. See "Short-Term Incentives—Permissible Adjustments to Evaluation of Performance" at PS-54.
Based on achievement of individual goals, the Committee determined that the payout percentage of the Individual
Portion would be 8% of the target award for Mr. Cumenal and 20% for the remaining NEOS.
As a result of the Committee's determination as to the Corporate and Individual Portions, Mr. Cumenal was paid 87%
of his target award, and each of the remaining NEO$ eligible for a short-term incentive for Fiscal 2016 was paid 99%
of his or her target award.
Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 Grants
In Fiscal 2015 and 2014, short-term incentive awards were paid out as follows:
0 In Fiscal 2015, the Company's consolidated operating earnings exceeded the threshold established by the
Committee, and short-term incentive awards were paid out at 75% of the target amount, on average.
0 In Fiscal 2014, the Company's consolidated operating earnings, exceeded the threshold established by the
Committee, and short-term incentive awards were paid out at 101% of the target amount, on average. ‘
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN AWARDS — PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS
The PSUs awarded in January 2017 are reflected in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards table under the column headed
"Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards." g
General Terms of PSU Grants
6)
PSU grants have the following general features: E
0 Stock units included in the grant ("Units") are exchanged on a one-to-one basis for shares of the Company's
common stock if the Units vest. 1
° Vesting is determined at the end of a three-year performance period.
0 No Units vest if the executive voluntarily resigns (unless for retirement, as described below) or is terminated for
cause during the three-year performance period, although partial vesting is provided for in cases of termination
for death or disability (or, if such death or disability occurs in the final year of the performance period, then full
vesting will occur, subject to performance conditions).
0 PS Us granted in January 2017 continue to vest upon retirement, subject to compliance with applicable restrictive
covenants, though payout remains contingent on the extent to which pre-established performance goals have
been achieved. PSUs granted in January 2015 and January 2016 similarly continue to vest upon retirement,
but on a pro-rated basis reflecting the portion of the performance period worked. PSUs granted in January 2014
are forfeited upon retirement.
0 In the event of an executive's involuntary termination without cause following at least 10 years of service, PS Us
granted in January 2017, if granted at least six months prior to such termination, will continue to vest, though
payout again remains contingent on attainment of performance goals, and is further subject to compliance with
TIFFANY & C0.
PS-75