Compensation Committee lnterlocks and Insider Participation
During 2016, the members of the Compensation Committee and its Stock Option Subcommittee were Rose Marie Bravo,
Gary E. Costley, Abby F. Kohnstamm, Charles K. Marquis, Peter W. May and Robert S. Singer. No director serving on
the Compensation Committee or its Stock Option Subcommittee during any part of Fiscal 2016 was, at any time either
during or before such fiscal year, an officer or employee of Tiffany& Co. or any of its subsidiaries. None of the Company's
executive officers serves, or in the past fiscal year served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation
committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of the Board or the Compensation
Committee and its Stock Option Subcommittee.
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee
The primary function of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee is to identify individuals to become Board
members consistent with criteria approved by the Board, and to assist the Board in matters of corporate governance.
The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee operates under the charter adopted by the Board. The charter may
be viewed on the Company's website, www.tiffany.com, by clicking "Investors" at the bottom of the page, and then
selecting "Corporate Governance" from the left-hand column. Under its charter, the role of the Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee includes recommending to the Board:
0 Policies on the composition of the Board;
0 Criteria for the selection of nominees for election to the Board;
0 Nominees to fill vacancies on the Board;
0 Nominees for election to the Board;
0 Corporate governance principles applicable to the Company;
0 Non-management director compensation; and
0 Management performance and succession planning.
Submitting Candidate Names
If you would like to submit the name of a candidate for the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee to consider
as a nominee of the Board for director, you may send your submission at any time to the Nominating/Corporate Governance ‘
Committee, c/o Corporate Secretary (Legal Department), Tiffany &Co., 727 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10022.
Process for Identifying and Evaluating Nominees for Director g
The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee evaluates candidates recommended by shareholders in the same a
manner as it evaluates director candidates suggested by others, including those recommended by director search firms. 5
>_
>.<
See our Corporate Governance Principles which are available on our website www.tiffany.com, by clicking "Investors"
at the bottom of the page, and then selecting "Corporate Governance" from the left-hand column. In accordance with n.
these principles, candidates for director shall be selected on the basis of their business experience, expertise and skills,
with a view to supplementing the business experience, expertise and skills of management and adding further substance ‘
and insight into Board discussions and oversight of management.
The candidate identification and evaluation process includes discussions at meetings of the Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee and specifications provided to director search firms when such firms are retained. The
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee engaged a third party search firm in 2015 to assist the Committee in the
identification of certain non-executive director candidates, in light of the fact that certain of the Company's directors
would reach the mandatory retirement age of 74 set forth in the Company's By-laws prior to the Company's 2017 and
2018 Annual Meetings. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee has no procedure or means of assessing the
effectiveness of this process other than the process described under "Board Refreshment" below.
While the Company's Corporate Governance Principles do not prescribe diversity standards, as a matter of practice, the
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee considers the diversity of the Board as a whole when considering
candidates for director. In this context, diversity is broadly construed to include differences of viewpoint, professional
experience, education, skill and other individual qualities and attributes that contribute to an active, effective board.
In addition, one of the factors that the Board considers during its annual self-evaluation is whether the membership of
the Board provides an appropriate mix of skills, experience and backgrounds.
TIFFANY & CO.
Ps-27