(xvi) There is no assurance that the Company will be able to effectively and successfully grow its new watch business.
In 2015, management introduced new TIFFANY & C0. brand watches, which have been designed, produced,
marketed and distributed through certain of the Company's Swiss subsidiaries. The effective development of this
watch business has required and will continue to require additional resources and involves risks and uncertainties,
including: (i) significant ongoing expenditures; (ii) the need to employ highly specialized and experienced personnel;
(iii) new regulatory requirements; (iv) dependence on relatively small supply partners; and (v) production and
distribution inefficiencies. Sales of these new TIFFANY & C0. brand watches represented approximately 1% of
worldwide net sales in 2016 and 2015. While management anticipates an increase in these sales in 2017, it does
not expect this new watch business to significantly contribute to the Company's profitability in the near term. As with
any new business, the Company is competing with businesses with stronger market positions and has invested and
will continue to invest significant resources in marketing to build customer awareness and to establish product
differentiation. There is, however, no assurance that the Company will be able to effectively grow its new watch
business or that such business will be successful in growing the Company's revenues or enhancing its profitability.
(xvii) If the Company is unable to effectively anticipate and respond to changes in consumer preferences and shopping
patterns, or introduce new products or marketing programs that appeal to new or existing customers, the Company's sales ‘
and profitability could be adversely affected.
The Company's continued success depends on its ability to anticipate and respond in a timely and cost-effective
manner to changes in consumer preferences for jewelry and other luxury goods, attitudes towards the global jewelry 3
industry as a whole, as well as the manner and locations in which consumers purchase such goods. The Company P
recognizes that consumer tastes cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to change, which is compounded
by the expanding use of digital and social media by consumers and the speed by which information and opinions are 6)
shared. The Company's product development strategy IS to Introduce new design collections, primarily jewelry, and/or
expand certain existing collections annually. In addition, management intends to continue to invest in marketing and
public relations programs designed to build awareness of the Brand, its heritage and its products, as well as to
enhance the Brand's association among consumers with quality and luxury. There can be no assurance these 7 ‘
strategies will appeal to new or existing customers or will result in increased sales or profitability. Further, if the
Company is unable to anticipate and respond in a timely and cost-effective manner to changes in consumer
preferences and shopping patterns, the Company’s sales and profitability could be adversely impacted.
In addition, approximately 75% of the Company's stores are located within luxury department stores and shopping
malls and benefit from the ability of those locations to generate consumer traffic. A substantial decline in
department store and/or mall traffic may negatively impact the Company's ability to maintain or increase its sales in
existing stores, as well as its ability to open new stores.
(xviii) The price of the Company's common stock may periodically rise or fall based on the Company's achievement of
earnings forecasts and investors' expectations.
The Company's strategic planning process is designed to maximize its long-term strength, growth, and profitability,
and not to achieve an earnings target in any particular fiscal period. Management believes that this longer-term focus
is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. At the same time, however, the Company recognizes
that, from time to time, it may be helpful to provide investors with guidance as to management's annual earnings
forecast. If, or when, the Company announces actual results that differ from those that have been forecast by
management or others, the market price of the Company's common stock could be adversely affected.
The Company periodically returns value to its stockholders through common stock share repurchases and payment of
quarterly cash dividends. The market price of the Company's common stock could be adversely affected if the
Company’s share repurchase activity and/or cash dividend rate differs from investors' expectations.
(xix) Recent changes in the Company's executive management team may be disruptive to, or cause uncertainty in, its
business, results of operations and the price of the Company's common stock.
On February 5, 2017, Frederic Cumenal stepped down from his position as Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
and the Company’s Board of Directors appointed Michael J. Kowalski, Chairman of the Board, as the Company’s
Interim Chief Executive Officer. The Company's Board of Directors has commenced an external search to recruit a
successor with the assistance of a leading executive search firm. In addition to this recent change, certain members
TIFFANY & C0.
K-17