4.4 Tax Withholding. Before distribution of Shares under the Plan, the Company may require the recipient
to remit to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding
requirements or, if agreed by the Committee, the Company may withhold from the Shares to be delivered
and/or otherwise issued Shares sufficient to satisfy all or a portion of such tax withholding requirements.
Whenever under the Plan payments are to be made in cash, such payments shall be in an amount sufficient
to satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding requirements as well as the amount of the cash
payment otherwise required. Neitherthe Company nor any Related Company shall be liable to a Participant
or any other person as to any tax consequence expected, but not realized, by any Participant or other
person due to the receipt or exercise of any Award hereunder.
4.5 Reserved Rights. Subject to the limitations of subsection 4.2 on the number of Shares that may be
delivered under the Plan, the Plan does not limit the right of the Company to use available Shares,
including authorized but un-issued Shares and treasury Shares, as the form of payment for compensation,
grants or rights earned or due under any other compensation plans or arrangements of the Company or
a Related Company, includingthe plans or arrangements of the Company or a Related Company, including
the plans or arrangements of the Company or a Related Company acquiring another entity (or an interest
in another entity). The Committee may provide in the Award Agreement that the Shares to be issued upon
exercise of an Option or receipt of a Stock Award shall be subject to such further conditions, restrictions
or agreements as the Committee in its discretion may specify, including without limitation, conditions
on vesting or transferability, and forfeiture and repurchase provisions.
4.6 Dividends and Dividend Equivalents. An Award may provide the Participant with the right to receive
dividends or dividend equivalent payments with respect to Shares which may be paid currently or credited
to an account for the Participant, and which may be settled in cash or Shares as determined by the
Committee; provided, however, that no dividends or dividend payments shall be settled or paid prior to
the date such Award vests or becomes payable according to its terms. Any such settlements, and any
such crediting of dividends or dividend equivalents or reinvestment in Shares may be subject to such
conditions, restrictions and contingencies as the Committee shall establish, including reinvestment of
such credited amounts in Stock equivalents.
4.7 Settlements; Deferred Delivery. Awards may be settled through cash payments, the delivery of Shares,
the granting of replacement Awards, or combinations thereof, all subject to such conditions, restrictions
and contingencies as the Committee shall determine. The Committee may establish provisions for the
deferred delivery of Shares in connection with the settlement of a Stock Award in accordance with Code
C9) Section 409A, with the deferral evidenced by use of "Stock Units" equal in number to the number of
ยง Shares whose delivery is so deferred. Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the
Q Company except as otherwise provided by the Committee. Settlement of Stock Units upon expiration of
E the deferral period shall be made in Shares or otherwise as determined by the Committee. The amount
of Shares, or other settlement medium, to be distributed following such deferral may be increased by an
interest factor or by dividend equivalents. Until such distribution, the number of Shares to be so distributed
shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to paragraph 4.2(c). Unless otherwise specified by the Committee,
any deferred delivery of Shares pursuant to an Award shall be settled by the delivery of Shares within 60
days following the date the person to whom such deferred delivery must be made incurs a "separation
from service" as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h).
4.8 Transferability. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee, any Option granted under the Plan, and,
until vested, any Stock Award granted under the Plan, shall by its terms be nontransferable by the
Participant otherwise than by will, the laws of descent and distribution, and shall be exercisable by, or
become vested in, during the Participant's lifetime, only the Participant.
4.9 Form and Time of Elections. Unless otherwise specified herein, each election required or permitted to
be made by any Participant or other person entitled to benefits under the Plan, and any permitted
modification, or revocation thereof, shall be in writing filed with the secretary of the Company at such
times, in such form, and subject to such restrictions and limitations, not inconsistent with the terms of
the Plan, as the Committee shall require.
4.10 Award Agreements with Company; Vesting and Acceleration of Vesting of Awards. At the time of an Award
to a Participant, the Committee may require the Participant to enter into an agreement with the Company
TIFFANY & CO.
PS-110