SHORT-TERM INCENTIVES
The Committee uses short-term incentives, which are typically awarded in January of each year, to motivate
executive officers to achieve the annual financial targets established by the Committee and to demonstrate
strategic leadership. Short-term incentives for the executive officers consist of annual cash incentive awards
under the 2014 Employee Incentive Plan. Short-term incentive awards have an individual component but are
primarily formula-driven, with the majority of the award based on achievement of annual financial targets that
agree to the Company's annual operating plan.
For short-term incentives for Fiscal 2016, the Committee determined a portion of the awards based on the
following individual factors: strategic thinking; leadership, including development of effective management teams
and employee talent; demonstrated adherence to the Company's Business Conduct Policy — Worldwide, and
professionalism; financial metrics relevant to specific areas of responsibility; and specific objectives set for the
executive officer. These same factors will be used to determine a portion of the short-term incentives to be paid
in respect of Fiscal 2017.
For Fiscal 2017, the Committee increased the short-term incentives granted to Messrs. Bellaiche and Galtie
from 60% to 75% of base salary. The Committee did not change short-term incentives, as a percentage of base
salary, for any of the other NEOs.
The maximum short-term incentive established by the Committee for each of the NEOs is equal to twice the
target.
Fiscal 2016
For Fiscal 2016, the Committee established target and maximum short-term incentive opportunities for the
executive officers, the payment of which would be wholly contingent on the Company meeting an operating
earnings threshold. The Committee determined that, if the operating earnings threshold was not met, then no
short-term incentive would be paid. The Committee provided guidance to the executive officers indicating that,
if the operating earnings threshold was met, then the Committee intended to calculate the amount to be paid
based 80% on corporate performance (the "Corporate Portion") and 20% on individual performance (the
"Individual Portion"). Thus, full achievement of corporate goals at the maximum goal level would result in payment
of 80% of the maximum short-term incentive (160% of target), while full achievement of individual goals at the
% maximum would result in payment of 20% of the maximum short-term incentive (40% of target). Notwithstanding
C9) this guidance, the Committee retained the discretion to pay out the maximum short-term incentive, or reduce
é the payout from the maximum to any amount down to $0, provided the operating earnings threshold was met.
3 At the beginning of the fiscal year, the Committee established the operating earnings threshold at $457 million
(subject to permitted adjustments). The operating earnings goals (outlined below) against which performance
was measured were substantially in excess of this threshold amount.
Neither Mr. Nicoletti (due to his departure in May 2016) nor Mr. Erceg (due to his appointment in October 2016)
was eligible for payment of a short-term incentive award for Fiscal 2016.
Corporate Portion
The Committee advised the executive officers that it intended to calculate payment of the Corporate Portion of
the award based on the following operating earnings targets, subject to proration if Fiscal 2016 operating earnings
fell between the amounts in the first column:
Ilf Operating Earnings, as adjusted, Equal: I Then Percentage Payout of Incentive Award Will Be: I
IBelow $609 million I 0% of Target Short-term Incentive AwardI
I$609 million I 25% of Target Short-term Incentive AwardI
I$762 million I 80% of Target Short-term Incentive AwardI
IAt least $914 million I 160% of Target Short-term Incentive AwardI
TIFFANY & co.
Ps-52