Information on the location and amounts of derivative gains and losses in the consolidated financial statements is as
follows:
I Years Ended January 31,
I 2017 2016 I
Pre-Tax Gain (Loss) Pre-Tax Gain
Pre-Tax Gain Reclassified from Pre-Tax Gain (Loss) Reclassified
(Loss) Recognized Accumulated OCI (Loss) Recognized from Accumulated
I I I in OCI (Effective into Earnings in OCI OCI into Earnings
I(In mI/llons) Portion) (Effective Portion) (Effective Portion) (Effective Portion) I
Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging
Relationships:
Foreign exchange forward contracts a $ (1.5) $ (1.5) $ 3.9 $ 20.2
Precious metal collars a — — 0.2 —
Precious metal forward contracts a 14.0 (8.5) (26.3) (7.0)
Cross-currency swaps C (0.4) 6.6 — — ‘
Forward-starting interest rate swaps '0 I — (1.5) — (1.5)
I$ 12.1 $ (4.9) $ (22.2) $ 11.77
a The gain or loss recognized in earnings is included within Cost of sales. 3
b The gain or loss recognized in earnings is included within Interest expense and financing costs. 2
° The gain or loss recognized in earnings is included within Other (income) expense, net.
LL
The pre-tax losses on derivatives not designated as hedging instruments were $9.2 million in the year ended
January 31, 2017 and were included in other (income) expense, net. Such gains and losses were not significant in
the year ended January 31, 2016. There was no material ineffectiveness related to the Company's hedging
instruments for the periods ended January 31, 2017 and 2016. The Company expects approximately $1.1 million of * ‘
net pre-tax derivative losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income at January 31, 2017 will be
reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months. This amount will vary due to fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates and precious metal prices.
For information regarding the location and amount of the derivative instruments in the Consolidated Balance Sheet,
see "Note |. Fair Value of Financial Instruments."
Concentration of Credit Risk
A number of major international financial institutions are counterparties to the Company's derivative financial
instruments. The Company enters into derivative financial instrument agreements only with counterparties meeting
certain credit standards (a credit rating of A-/A2 or better at the time of the agreement) and limits the amount of
agreements or contracts it enters into with any one party. The Company may be exposed to credit losses in the event
of nonperformance by individual counterparties or the entire group of counterparties.
I. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit
price) in the principal market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the
measurement date. U.S. GAAP establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of
observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. U.S. GAAP prescribes
three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:
Level 1 — Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and are considered to be most reliable.
Level 2 — 0bservable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.
Level 3 — Unobservable inputs reflecting the reporting entity's own assumptions and require the most judgment.
TIFFANY & C0.
K-71