0 the per-share exercise price of each option must be established at or prior to the time of grant or determined by
a formula established at the time of grant,
0 the exercise price may not be less than 100% of fair market value as of the grant date (or if the relevant exchange
is not open on the grant date, the most recent trading date prior to the grant date),
0 the per-share exercise price may not be decreased after grant except for adjustments made to reflect stock splits
and other corporate transactions (see Maximum Number of Shares above and Adjustments for Corporate
Transactions under the Plan below), and
0 an option may not be surrendered for cash, a new award, or a new option with a lower exercise price.
Stock Awards. A stock award is the grant of shares of the Company's common stock or a right to receive such shares,
their cash equivalent or a combination of both. Each stock award shall be subject to such conditions, restrictions and
contingencies as the Board or its committee shall determine.
Settlement of Awards, Deferred Settlements, Tax Withholding and Dividends and Dividend Equivalent Payments
The Board has the discretion to settle awards through cash payments, delivery of common stock, the grant of replacement
awards or any combination thereof.
The Board may permit the payment of the option exercise price to be made as follows:
0 in cash,
0 by the tender of the Company's shares of common stock or the withholding of shares, or
0 by irrevocable authorization to a third party to sell shares received upon exercise of the option and to remit the
exercise price.
Before distribution of any shares pursuant to an award, the Board may require the participant to remit funds for any
required tax withholdings. Alternatively, shares may be withheld to satisfy such tax requirements. All cash payments
made may be net of any required tax withholdings.
The Committee has the discretion to provide participants with the right to receive dividends or dividend equivalent
payments with respect to the underlying shares of common stock. No dividends or dividend equivalent payments may
be settled or paid prior to the date that the underlying award vests or becomes payable according to its terms.
C9)
é Duration of the Plan
E If the 2017 Directors Plan is approved by the shareholders at the 2017 Annual Meeting, no award may be made under
that Plan more than 10 years after such approval date. However, the Plan shall remain in effect as long as any awards
previously made remain outstanding.
Adjustments for Corporate Transactions under the Plan
In the event of certain corporate changes, such as mergers, reorganizations, reclassifications, recapitalizations, stock
splits, dividends (other than regular, quarterly dividends), or other distributions, spin-offs or the like, or if substantially
all of the property and assets of the Company are sold, the 2017 Directors Plan provides for adjustments of the number
and kinds of shares which may be delivered or subject to outstanding awards under the Plan. Such adjustments shall
be made for the purpose of preserving the benefits or potential benefits of the Plan and the original awards under the
Plan. However, adjustments may not change the aggregate exercise price applicable to the unexercised portions of
outstanding options.
Amendment of Plan
The Board may, at any time, amend or terminate the Plan. However, the approval of the Company's shareholders will
be required for any amendment (other than adjustments for corporate transactions discussed above) which would:
0 increase the maximum number of shares that may be delivered under the Plan,
0 increase the per-participant limit described above under Per-Year—Per—Participant Limit Under the Plan,
TIFFANY & co.
PS-102