In accordance with the Principles Governing Corporate Political Spending, the Company reported the following expenses
for Fiscal 2016: the Company paid $314,100 to Cassidy & Associates, a government relations firm based in Washington
DC. that engaged, on behalf of the Company, in lobbying efforts focused on public policy associated with various mining
law and sustainability issues, including with respect to the proposed Pebble Mine in Bristol Bay, Alaska, and in
communications with certain governmental agencies regarding international gemstone sourcing as well as actions
necessary to protect against wildlife trafficking. Cassidy & Associates did not use any funds from the Company to assist
candidates for any office or to influence the outcome of ballot initiatives or elections. The Company and its affiliates
did not make any political expenditures during Fiscal 2016.
The Tiffany& Co. Principles Governing Corporate Political Spending define "political expenditures" to include payments
of money as well as provision of goods, services or use of facilities to candidates, political parties, political organizations,
campaign funds or to any other organization, fund, person or trust, whose purpose, in whole or in part, is (i) to advance
the candidacy of any person or persons seeking elective office, including the candidacies of nominees of any political
party on a federal, national, statewide or local basis; (ii) to influence the outcome of any ballot initiative; or (iii) to
influence the outcome of any election through issues advocacy communications, whether or not such communications
specifically refer to a named candidate or party. Political expenditures also include indirect expenditures whose purpose
includes any of the foregoing.
COMMITMENT TO CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
Corporate social responsibility has long been a priority of the Company. The Company strives to protect the interests of
our shareholders, customers and other stakeholders through responsible business decisions that reflect the integrity of
the TIFFANY & C0. brand in both the short- and long-term; enhance the communities in which we source, operate and
sell our merchandise; improve our environmental performance; and promote responsible practices within our supply
chain and our industry.
Underscoring the importance of sustainability and corporate social responsibility to the Company, the Board established
a Corporate Social Responsibility Committee in 2009. See "Corporate Social Responsibility Committee" at PS-28 for
more information.
The Company publicly discloses information regarding its corporate social responsibility strategy, programs and ,
performance at www.tiffany.com/CSR.
LIMITATION ON ADOPTION OF POISON PILL PLANS
On January 19, 2006, the Board terminated the Company's shareholder rights plan (typically referred to as a "poison
pill") and adopted the following policy: g
“This Board shall submit the adoption or extension of any poison pill to a stockholder vote before it acts to
adopt such poison pill; provided, however, that this Board may act on its own to adopt a poison pill without 3:)
first submitting such matter to a stockholder vote if, under the circumstance then existing, this Board in the 0-
exercise of its fiduciary responsibilities deems it to be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders
to adopt a poison pill without the delay in adoption that is attendant upon the time reasonably anticipated to .
seek a stockholder vote. If a poison pill is adopted without first submitting such matter to a stockholder vote,
the poison pi|| must be submitted to a stockholder vote within one year after the effective date of the poison
pi||. Absent such submission to a stockholder vote, and favorable action thereupon, the poison pill will expire
on the first anniversary of its effective date."
TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS
The Board has adopted policies and procedures for the review and approval or ratification of any transaction with the
Company (or any subsidiary) in which (i) the aggregate amount involved will, or may be expected to, exceed $120,000
in any fiscal year and (ii) any director or executive officer, any nominee for election as a director, any five-percent or
greater holder of the Company's securities, or any immediate family member of such an officer, director, nominee or
holder, has a direct or indirect material interest. Any such transaction is referred to the Nominating/Corporate Governance
Committee for review. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee will then evaluate such transaction and, where
the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee determines in its business judgment that such transaction is in the
best interest of the Company, recommend such transaction for approval or ratification to the Board.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-31