Tiffany & Co. has the option to redeem the 2014 Notes, in whole or in part, by providing no less than 30 nor more
than 60 days' prior notice at a redemption price equal to the sum of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the 2014
Notes to be redeemed, plus (ii) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on those 2014 Notes to the redemption date,
plus (iii) a make-whole premium as of the redemption date, as defined in the indenture governing the 2014 Notes,
as amended and supplemented in respect of each series of Notes (the "lndenture"). In addition, Tiffany & Co. has the
option to redeem some or all of the 2024 Notes on or after July 1, 2024, at a redemption price equal to the sum of
100% of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes to be redeemed, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any,
on those 2024 Notes to the redemption date. Tiffany & Co. also has the option to redeem some or all of the 2044
Notes on or after April 1, 2044, at a redemption price equal to the sum of 100% of the principal amount of the
2044 Notes to be redeemed, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on those 2044 Notes to the
redemption date.
Upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event (as defined in the lndenture), unless Tiffany & Co. has
exercised its right to redeem the 2014 Notes, each holder of 2014 Notes will have the right to require Tiffany & Co.
to repurchase all or a portion of such holder’s Notes at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of repurchase.
2016 Senior Notes. In August 2016, Tiffany & Co. issued ¥10.0 billion ($88.0 million at January 31, 2017) of
0.78% Senior Notes due August 2026 (the "Yen Notes") in a private transaction. The proceeds from the issuance of
the Yen Notes were used to repay Tiffany & Co.'s ¥10.0 billion 1.72% Senior Notes due September 2016 upon the
maturity thereof. The Yen Notes bear interest at a rate of 0.78% per annum, payable semi-annually on February 26 g
and August 26 of each year, commencing February 26, 2017. Tiffany & Co. may redeem all or part of the Yen Notes P
upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' prior notice at a redemption price equal to the sum of (i) 100% of the
principal amount of the Yen Notes to be redeemed, plus (ii) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on those Yen Notes 6)
to the redemption date, plus (In) a make-whole premium as of the redemption date.
Debt Covenants
The agreements governing the New Credit Facilities include specific financial covenants, as well as other covenants
that limit the ability of Tiffany & Co. to incur certain subsidiary indebtedness, incur liens, impose restrictions on
subsidiary distributions and engage in mergers, consolidations and sales of all or substantially all of Tiffany & Co.
and its subsidiaries' assets, in addition to other requirements and "Events of Default" (as defined in the agreements
governing the New Credit Facilities) customary to such borrowings.
The Tiffany-Shanghai Credit Agreement includes certain covenants that limit Tiffany-Shanghai's ability to pay certain
dividends, make certain investments and incur certain indebtedness, and the Guaranty requires maintenance by
Tiffany & Co. of specific financial covenants and ratios, in addition to other requirements and limitations customary
to such borrowings.
The lndenture contains covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of Tiffany & Co. and its subsidiaries
under certain circumstances to create liens and impose conditions on Tiffany & Co.’s ability to engage in mergers,
consolidations and sales of all or substantially all of its or its subsidiaries’ assets. The lndenture also contains certain
"Events of Default" (as defined in the lndenture) customary for indentures of this type. The lndenture does not
contain any specific financial covenants.
The agreements governing the 2012 4.40% Series B Senior Notes and the Yen Notes require maintenance of
specific financial covenants and ratios and limit certain changes to indebtedness of Tiffany & Co. and its subsidiaries
and the general nature of the business, in addition to other requirements customary to such borrowings.
At January 31, 2017, the Company was in compliance with all debt covenants. In the event of any default of
payment or performance obligations extending beyond applicable cure periods as set forth in the agreements
governing the Company's applicable debt instruments, such agreements may be terminated or payment of the
applicable debt may be accelerated. Further, each of the New Credit Facilities, the Tiffany-Shanghai Credit
Agreement, the agreements governing the 2012 4.40% Series B Senior Notes and the Yen Notes, and certain other
loan agreements contain cross default provisions permitting the termination and acceleration of the loans, or
acceleration of the notes, as the case may be, in the event that certain of the Company's other debt obligations are
terminated or accelerated prior to their maturity.
TIFFANY & co.
K-67