expected to attend such meetings in person or, if such attendance in person is not practicable, by telephone or other
communications equipment.
The Board holds one of its regularly scheduled meetings on the date of the annual meeting of its shareholders to facilitate
attendance at the annual meeting by the directors. Seven of the Company's 11 directors up for election attended the
2016 Annual Meeting (three of the non-attending directors were not on the Board in May 2016). Mr. Cumenal, who
resigned as a director as of February 10, 2017, also attended the 2016 Annual Meeting.
Each director who served on the Board during Fiscal 2016 attended at least 83% of the aggregate number of meetings
of the Board and those committees (including the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Stock Option
Subcommittee, Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, Finance Committee and Corporate Social Responsibility
Committee) on which he or she served.
0 The full Board held six meetings. Attendance averaged 98% amongst all members.
0 The Audit Committee held ten meetings. Attendance averaged 93% amongst all members.
0 The Compensation Committee and its Stock Option Subcommittee held six meetings. Attendance averaged
97% amongst all members.
0 The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee held six meetings. Attendance averaged 96% amongst all
members.
0 The Finance Committee held six meetings. All members attended all meetings.
0 The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee held three meetings. All members attended all meetings.
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
Board Committee Membership
The committees of the Board, as well as the memberships thereof, consisted of the following as of March 20, 2017:
Compensation
Committee
& Stock Corporate Nominating/
Option Sub- Social Corporate
Director Audit* committee* Responsibility Dividend Finance Governance* Search
-u Rose Marie
Bravo 14" at” Chair
(9)
§ IGary E. CostleyI I Chair I if I I I if I I
g IRoger N. Farah I I I I I I I I
Lawrence K.
We’ll, Chair “'4;
Abby F.
Kohnstamm 1! at" J of if
IJames E. Lillie I I I I I I I I
Charles K.
Marquis w!" J Chair
IPeterW.May | | w | | | w | | a |
William A.
Shutzer Chair 1!
Robert S.
Singer Chair v” e"
Francesco
Trapani pr ,5
Michael J.
Kowalski if J J
* Composed solely of independent directors.
TIFFANY & co.
Ps-24