In consideration of its diamond supply agreements, the Company has provided financing to certain suppliers of its
rough diamonds. In March 2011, Laurelton Diamonds, Inc. ("Laurelton"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
as lender, entered into a $50.0 million amortizing term loan facility agreement with Koidu, as borrower, and 880
Resources Limited, as a limited guarantor. Koidu operates a kimberlite diamond mine in Sierra Leone (the "Mine")
from which Laurelton acquires diamonds. Koidu was required under the terms of the Loan to apply the proceeds of
the Loan to capital expenditures necessary to increase the output of the Mine, among other purposes. As of July 31,
2011, the Loan was fully funded. In consideration of the Loan, Laurelton entered into a supply agreement, pursuant
to which Laurelton is required to purchase at fair market value certain diamonds recovered from the Mine that meet
Laurelton's quality standards. The assets of Koidu, including all equipment and rights in respect of the Mine, are
subject to the security interest of a lender that is not affiliated with the Company. The Loan is partially secured by
the diamonds, if any, that have been extracted from the Mine and that have not been sold to third parties. The
Company has evaluated the variable interest entity consolidation requirements with respect to this transaction and
has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary, as it does not have the power to direct any of the activities that
most significantly impact Koidu's economic performance.
On March 29, 2013, the Company entered into an amendment relating to the Loan which deferred principal and
interest payments due in 2013 to subsequent years, and, on March 31, 2014, the Company entered into a further ‘
amendment providing that the principal payments due in 2014 be paid on a monthly basis rather than on a semi-
annual basis. On April 30, 2015, the Company entered into a further amendment (the "2015 Amendment").
Pursuant to the 2015 Amendment, once certain customary conditions relating to the addition of one of Koidu's
affiliates as an obligor under the Loan were satisfied, the principal payment due on March 30, 2015 would be %
deferred until a date to be specified by the Company (which date may be upon at least 30 days' written notice to P
Koidu, or upon the occurrence of certain specified acceleration conditions). As of June 2015, all of the conditions E
had been satisfied and the deferral of the principal payment due on March 30, 2015 had become effective, subject Q
to the acceleration conditions set forth in the 2015 Amendment, which include Koidu remaining current on its other LL
payment obligations to the Company. The Loan, as amended, is required to be repaid in full by March 2017 through
semi-annual payments. Under the 2015 Amendment, the interest rate on the Loan was increased and, as of April 1,
2015, interest will accrue at a rate per annum that is the greater of (i) LIBOR plus 3.5% or (ii) 6.75%. Koidu also 7 ‘
agreed to pay, and subsequently paid, an additional 2% per annum of interest on all deferred principal repayments.
As of January 31, 2016, Koidu had not made any of its interest payments due in July 2015 and thereafter, nor its
principal payment due in September 2015. The missed payments constitute events of default under the Loan. In
February 2016, the Company received the results from two separate and independent reviews of Koidu's operational
plans, forecasts, and cash flow projections for the mine, which were commissioned by the Company and by Koidu's
largest creditor, respectively. Based on these factors, ongoing discussions with Koidu, and consideration of the
possible actions that all parties, including the Government of Sierra Leone and Koidu's largest creditor, might take
under the circumstances, management determined that it was probable that it would be unable to collect a portion of
the amounts due under the contractual terms of the Loan, and recorded impairment charges, and a related valuation
allowance, of $37.9 million in 2015. Additionally, the Company ceased accruing interest income on the outstanding
Loan balance as of July 31, 2015. The carrying amount of the Company’s loan receivable from Koidu, net of the
valuation allowance, was $5.9 million at January 31, 2016.
Koidu did not make any payments due to the Company under the Loan in 2016. On March 17, 2017, the Company
entered into an agreement with Koidu's largest creditor under which that creditor has agreed to purchase the
Company's interest in the loan, on and effective March 22, 2017, for $1.7 million. Based on this agreement, the
Company has recorded an additional impairment charge, and a related valuation allowance, of $4.2 million in 2016
to reduce the carrying amount of the Company's loan receivable from Koidu, net of the valuation allowance, to $1.7
million at January 31, 2017. Additionally, on March 16, 2017, the Company and Koidu entered into an agreement
to terminate the supply agreement between the parties, pursuant to which Laurelton had previously been required to
purchase at fair market value certain diamonds recovered from the Mine that met Laurelton's quality standards.
Contractual Cash Obligations and Contingent Funding Commitments
At January 31, 2017, the Company's contractual cash obligations and contingent funding commitments were for
inventory purchases of $196.6 million (which includes the $60.0 million obligation discussed in Diamond Sourcing
Activities above), as well as for other contractual obligations of $71.4 million (primarily for construction-in-progress,
technology licensing and service contracts, advertising and media agreements and fixed royalty commitments).
TIFFANY & co.
K-75