In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11 — Inventory: Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory, which
states an entity should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the
estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal
and transportation. This amendment applies to all inventory that is measured using the average costs or first-in first-
out (FIFO) methods. This supersedes prior guidance which allowed entities to measure inventory at the lower of cost
or market, where market could be replacement cost, net realizable value or net realizable value less an approximately
normal profit margin. This ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The
amendments should be applied prospectively and earlier application is permitted. This ASU is not expected to have a
material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02 — Leases, which requires an entity that leases assets to
recognize on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases.
Leases will be classified as either financing or operating, similar to current accounting requirements, with the
applicable classification determining the pattern of expense recognition in the statement of earnings. This ASU is
effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018 and must
be adopted using a modified retrospective approach. Management is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on
’ the consolidated financial statements, but expects that adoption will result in a significant increase in the Company's
assets and liabilities. The Company has identified an implementation project team and related oversight processes
and has commenced the assessment phase of the project.
2:") In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-05 — Derivatives and Hedging: Effect of Derivative Contract
g Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships, which states that a change in counterparty to a derivative
ﬂ instrument does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge
3 account criteria continue to be met. This ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The amendments should be applied on either a prospective basis or a
modified retrospective basis and earlier application is permitted. Management does not believe the adoption of this
ASU will have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09 — Compensation — Stock Compensation: Improvements to
Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which provides guidance on several aspects of accounting for share-
based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding
requirements, as well as classification on the statement of cash flows. Most notably, the Company will be required to
recognize all excess tax benefits and shortfalls as income tax expense or benefit in the statement of earnings within
the reporting period in which they occur. This ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2016 and early adoption is permitted. Management is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on
the consolidated financial statements, but anticipates adoption will result in increased earnings volatility due to the
immediate recognition of excess tax benefits and shortfalls.
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13 — Financial Instruments — Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit
Losses on Financial Instruments. ASU 2016-13 amends the impairment model to utilize an expected loss
methodology in place of the currently used incurred loss methodology, which will result in the more timely
recognition of losses. The new standard applies to financial assets measured at amortized cost basis, including
receivables that result from revenue transactions and held-to-maturity debt securities. The ASU is effective for fiscal
years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019, and early adoption is
permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. Management is currently evaluating the impact of
this ASU on the consolidated financial statements.
In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15 — Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
and Cash Payments, which provides guidance on eight specific cash flow issues in an effort to reduce diversity in
practice in how certain transactions are classified within the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for fiscal
years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted
and the amendments should be applied using a retrospective method. Management is currently evaluating the
impact of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements.
In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16 — Income Taxes: lntra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than
Inventory. This ASU eliminates the requirement to defer the recognition of current and deferred income taxes for an
intra-entity asset transfer until the asset has been sold to an outside party. Therefore, under the new guidance, an
entity should recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when
TIFFANY & CO.
K-62