PART I
Item 1. Business.
GENERAL HISTORY AND NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
Tiffany & Co. (the "Registrant") is a holding company that operates through its subsidiary companies (collectively, the
"Company"). The Registrant's principal subsidiary is Tiffany and Company ("Tiffany"). Charles Lewis Tiffany founded
Tiffany's business in 1837. He incorporated Tiffany in New York in 1868. The Registrant acquired Tiffany in 1984
and completed the initial public offering of the Registrant's Common Stock in 1987. The Registrant, through its
subsidiaries, sells jewelry and other items that it manufactures or has made by others to its specifications.
All references to years relate to fiscal years that end on January 31 of the following calendar year.
MAINTENANCE OF THE TIFFANY & CO. BRAND ‘
The TIFFANY & CO. brand (the "Brand") is the single most important asset of Tiffany and, indirectly, of the Company.
The strength of the Brand goes beyond trademark rights (see "TRADEMARKS" below) and is derived from consumer
perceptions of the Brand. Management monitors the strength of the Brand through focus groups and survey research. 3
Management believes that consumers associate the Brand with high-quality gemstone jewelry, particularly diamond
jewelry; sophisticated style and romance; excellent customer service; an elegant store and online environment; a;
upscale store locations; "classic" product positioning; and distinctive and high-quality packaging materials (most
significantly, the TIFFANY & CO. blue box). Tiffany's business plan includes expenses to maintain the strength of the
Brand, such as the following:
0 Maintaining its position within the high-end of the jewelry market requires Tiffany to invest significantly in
diamond and gemstone inventory, which carries a lower overall gross margin; it also causes some consumers ’ ‘
to view Tiffany as beyond their price range;
0 To provide excellent service, stores must be well staffed with knowledgeable professionals;
0 Elegant stores in the best "high street" and luxury mall locations are more expensive and difficult to secure
and maintain, but reinforce the Brand's luxury connotations through association with other luxury brands;
0 While the classic positioning of much of Tiffany's product line supports the Brand and requires sufficient
display space in its stores, management's strategy also includes an active pace of new product introductions
which could result in a necessary reallocation of product display space;
0 Tiffany's packaging supports consumer expectations with respect to the Brand but is expensive; and
0 A significant amount of advertising is required to both reinforce the Brand's association with luxury,
sophistication, style and romance, as well as to market specific products.
All of the foregoing require that management make tradeoffs between business initiatives that might generate
incremental sales and earnings and Brand maintenance objectives. This is a dynamic process. To the extent that
management deems that product, marketing or distribution initiatives will unduly and negatively affect the strength
of the Brand, such initiatives have been and will be curtailed or modified appropriately. At the same time, Brand
maintenance suppositions are regularly questioned by management to determine if any tradeoff between sales and
earnings is truly worth the positive effect on the Brand. At times, management has determined, and may in the
future determine, that the strength of the Brand warranted, or that it will permit, more aggressive and profitable
product, marketing or distribution initiatives.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT REPORTABLE SEGMENTS
The Company has four reportable segments: (i) Americas, (ii) Asia-Pacific, (iii) Japan and (iv) Europe. All non-
reportable segments are included within Other. The Company transacts business within certain of its segments
through the following channels: (i) retail, (ii) Internet, (iii) catalog, (iv) business-to-business (products drawn from
the retail product line and items specially developed for the business market) and (v) wholesale distribution
TIFFANY & CO.
K-3