liesz‘ljgpf Performemce-Based ResmctQCLSthk Unitsﬁirémted for Fiscal 201 4
In March 2017, the PSU awards granted in January 2014, for the three-year period ended January 31, 2017,
vested at 54.92% of target shares (27.46% of maximum shares). This was based on cumulative EPS of $1 1.77
for the three-year period ended January 31, 2017, against the EPS target of $14.17 for such three-year period,
and without an ROA modifier based on ROA of 9.9% compared to the RDA target of 11%.
For additional information about the PSUs, including a description of the circumstances in which a portion of
the units may vest in various circumstances of death, disability, retirement, a change in control or at the initiative
of the Company, see "Discussion of Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards—Equity
Incentive Plan Awards—Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units" at PS-75.
Stack thian Grants
Each January, the Committee grants stock options in order to further link the interests of the executive officers
and the Company's shareholders in long-term growth in stock price and to support the brand stewardship over
the long term. Special grants are occasionally made in connection with promotions and new hires, and for
recognition purposes.
The 2014 Employee Incentive Plan under which stock options are granted, and the 2005 Employee Incentive
Plan under which stock options were previously granted, require the exercise price of each option to be established
by the Committee (or determined by a formula established by the Committee) at the time the option is granted.
Options are to be granted with an exercise price equal to or greater than the fair market value of a share as of
the grant date. The Committee calculates the exercise price to be the higher of (i) the simple arithmetic mean
of the high and low sale price of such stock on the New York Stock Exchange on grant date or (ii) the closing
price on such Exchange on the grant date. The incentive plan does not permit for the repricing of underwater
options at a later date without shareholder approval.
In addition to the stock option awards granted in January 2017, the Committee granted Mr. Erceg an award of
140,847 stock options in November 2016, in connection with his recruitment and appointment to the role of
Executive Vice President — CFO. Mr. Erceg's award will vest in equal installments on the first, second and third
anniversary of the grant, provided he remains employed on those dates.
For additional information about stock options see "Discussion of Summary Compensation Table and Grants of
% Plan-Based Awards—Equity Incentive Plan Awards—Stock Options" at PS-76.
6)
§ ,Time-Vesting, Restricted Stock Unit Awards
g The RSUs granted to NEOs other than the CEO and CFO in January 2017 vest ratably over four years. For
additional information about the RSUs, see "Discussion of Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-
Based Awards—Equity Incentive Plan Awards—Time-Vesting Restricted Stock Units" at PS-77. Special grants of
RS Us may be made from time to time in connection with promotions and new hires, and for recognition purposes.
In addition to the RSUs granted to certain executive officers in January 2017, the Committee granted Mr. Erceg
an award of 26,253 RSUs in November 2016, in connection with his recruitment and appointment. Mr. Erceg's
award will vest in equal installments on the first, second and third anniversary of the grant, provided he remains
employed on those dates.
Mr. Cumenal's Laggierm IncentLi/e Awaits
Upon the termination of Mr. Cumenal's employment on February 10, 2017, 12,419 RSUs granted to him in
September 2013 vested according to their terms. The PS Us granted to him in January 2014 for the performance
period ending on January 31, 2017 likewise vested according to their terms in March 2017, as the performance
period had been completed by the time of his departure from the Company.
In accordance with Mr. Cumenal's separation agreement (which provided for a release and waiver of claims by
Mr. Cumenal in favor of the Company and its affiliates, as well as his agreement to assist in the transition of his
responsibilities and with respect to litigation matters), in March 2017 the Committee amended certain of his
equity grants to provide for the following:
TIFFANY & co.
PS-58