2015 ("2015 Amendment"), subject to certain conditions set forth in the 2015 Amendment, which were met in June
2015.
As of January 31, 2016, Koidu had not made any of its interest payments due in July 2015 and thereafter, nor its
principal payment due in September 2015. The missed payments constitute events of default under the Loan. In
February 2016, the Company received the results from two separate and independent reviews of Koidu's operational
plans, forecasts, and cash flow projections for the mine, which were commissioned by the Company and by Koidu's
largest creditor, respectively. Based on these factors, ongoing discussions with Koidu, and consideration of the
possible actions that all parties, including the Government of Sierra Leone and Koidu's largest creditor, might take
under the circumstances, management determined that it was probable that it would be unable to collect a portion
of the amounts due under the contractual terms of the Loan, and recorded impairment charges, and a related
valuation allowance, of $37.9 million in 2015. Additionally, the Company ceased accruing interest income on the
outstanding Loan balance as of July 31, 2015. The carrying amount of the Company’s loan receivable from Koidu,
net of the valuation allowance, was $5.9 million at January 31, 2016.
Koidu did not make any payments due to the Company under the Loan in 2016. On March 17, 2017, the Company
entered into an agreement with Koidu's largest creditor under which that creditor has agreed to purchase the ‘
Company's interest in the loan, on and effective March 22, 2017, for $1.7 million. Based on this agreement, the
Company has recorded an additional impairment charge, and a related valuation allowance, of $4.2 million in 2016
to reduce the carrying amount of the Company’s loan receivable from Koidu, net of the valuation allowance, to $1.7
million at January 31, 2017. Additionally, on March 16, 2017, the Company and Koidu entered into an agreement 3
to terminate the supply agreement between the parties, pursuant to which Laurelton had previously been required to P
purchase at fair market value certain diamonds recovered from Koidu's mine that met Laurelton's quality standards.
See "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note B. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Q
and Note J. Commitments and Contingencies" for additional information on this financing arrangement. LL
The Company also recorded an impairment charge, and a related valuation allowance, of $8.4 million during the
fiscal year ended January 31, 2017 related to a separate financing arrangement with another diamond mining and f ‘
exploration company.
Information Systems Assessment
The Company is engaged in a multi-year program to evaluate and, where appropriate, upgrade and/or replace certain
of its information systems. As part of this program, the Company identified opportunities to enhance its finished
goods inventory management and merchandising capabilities, and began development efforts to replace certain of its
existing systems and provide these enhanced capabilities. The Company recently completed an assessment of the
replacement system under development to evaluate whether the continued development of this system would deliver
sufficiently improved operating capabilities. Following the completion of this assessment, in the three months ended
January 31, 2017, the Company concluded that the development of this system should be modified such that the
finished goods inventory management and merchandising capabilities that were intended to be delivered utilizing
this new system will instead be delivered through further development of the Company’s current Enterprise Resource
Planning system and continued implementation of a new order management system. Accordingly, the Company has
evaluated the costs capitalized for the development of the replacement system for impairment in accordance with its
policy on the review of long-lived assets, and determined, based on specific identification of costs capitalized
pertaining to the development of specific capabilities in the new system, that $25.4 million of such capitalized costs
relate to software functionality which will not be utilized, and therefore will not have future benefit to the Company.
As such, the Company recorded a pre-tax impairment charge of $25.4 million as a component of Selling, General
and Administrative expenses in the three months ended January 31, 2017. This multi-year program is ongoing and,
as previously disclosed, may require significant capital expenditures and dedication of resources in both current and
future periods, though management believes that the modified approach referenced above will ultimately result in a
lower overall cost to the Company in delivering these capabilities.
TIFFANY & C0.
K-43