or objectively determinable category thereto, (viii) foreign exchange gains and losses and (ix) a change in the
Company's fiscal year. The 2005 Employee Incentive Plan, under which earlier grants were made, permits similar
adjustments.
LONG-TERM INCENTIVES
The Committee uses long-term incentives to align management interest with those of shareholders, to motivate
management to achieve earnings growth and generate operating cash flow, as well as to promote the retention
of executive officers.
The Committee considers equity-based awards to be appropriate because, over the long term, the Company's
stock price should be a good indicator of management's success in achieving the above objectives.
The total value of each executive officer's target long-term incentive grant each year is based on a percentage
of base salary as indicated above for NEOs under "Relative Values of Key Compensation Components" at PS—50
for Fiscal 2017, and the ratio of long-term incentive target to base salary is reviewed annually at the same time
that base salaries are reviewed.
Ms. Cloud's target long-term incentive as a percentage of base salary decreased from 175% for Fiscal 2016 to
170% for Fiscal 2017. This change was intended to better align the target long-term incentive percentage for
Ms. Cloud with those of the other executive officers, as an increase in a prior year had been intended to recognize
specific contributions and was not intended to be a long-term increase. For the remaining NEOS, the Fiscal 2017
target long-term incentive opportunities as a percentage of base salary remain unchanged from Fiscal 2016.
Lines of Equity Awards
The Committee awards three different types of equity awards to NEOs: PSUs, stock options and RS Us.
0 PSUs reward executives for meeting key financial goals that are important to the long-term performance
of the Company, even if the achievement of those goals is not necessarily reflected in the share price
as the market does not always respond to earnings growth in a predictable manner. ‘
0 Stock options reward executives for increases in stock price and provide returns aligned with those of
shareholders, whether or not performance goals have been met. This balances an inherent challenge
associated with PSUs, as non-controllable and highly variable external factors affect the Company's
performance and make it difficult to establish appropriate strategic performance goals.
0 RSUs support talent attraction and retention objectives. g
For Fiscal 2016, the NEOS were provided long-term incentives divided equally between PSUs and stock options.
Prior to Fiscal 2017, it was the Committee's practice to award RSUs on occasion for reasons such as recognition 3:)
of prior performance; promotion; attraction of new talent; retention of key talent; and in lieu of cash compensation 0-
increases.
For Fiscal 2017, NEOS other than the CEO and CFO received 50% of their long-term incentives in the form of
PSUs, 25% in the form of stock options, and 25% in the form of RSUs. Consistent with the prior year, the CEO
and the CFO received 50% of their long-term incentives in the form of PSUs, and 50% in the form of stock
opﬁons.
For purposes of achieving the grant date target value, apportioned according to the above-described mix of long-
term incentives, the Committee values awards as follows:
0 for PSUs and RSUs, using the higher of (i) the simple arithmetic mean of the high and low sale price of
the Company's common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the grant date or (ii) the closing price
on such Exchange on the grant date; and assuming that PSUs will vest at the target value described under
"Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grants" below; and
0 for stock options, on the basis of the Black-Scholes model.
TIFFANY & co.
Ps-55