EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN AWARDS — TIME-VESTING RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS
The RSUs granted in January 2017 vest in equal installments on the first, second, third and fourth anniversary of the
grant date. Outstanding RSUs vest upon death, disability or certain events following a change in control. Termination
of employment for any other reason results in forfeiture of any unvested RSUs.
RSUs may also be granted from time to time in connection with promotions and new hires and for recognition purposes,
and may be awarded on a cliff-vesting basis.
LIFE INSURANCE BENEFITS
The key features of the life insurance benefit that the Company provides to its executive officers are:
0 executive officers own whole life policies on their own lives;
0 the death benefit is three times annual base salary and target short-term incentive award;
0 the Company pays the premium on such policies in an amount sufficient to accumulate cash value;
0 premiums are calculated to accumulate a target cash value at age 65;
0 the target cash value will allow the policy to remain in force after age 65 without payment of further premiums
with a death benefit equivalent to twice the executive officer's ending annual base salary and target short-term
incentive award;
0 the amount of the premiums paid by the Company is taxable income to the executive officer; and
0 the Company does not pay any additional amounts to offset the income tax attributable to the premiums paid
on behalf of the executives.
Mr. Nicoletti declined this benefit. See the table shown under note (g) to the Summary Compensation Table at PS-71
for information concerning life insurance premiums paid for the benefit of the other NEOs.
FREDERIC CUMENAL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
Elements of Mr. Cumenal's compensation disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table were provided pursuant to the
employment agreement, entered into between Tiffany, the Company and Mr. Cumenal as part of his recruiting process
in March 201 1. For key features of this Agreement, see "Other Employment Agreements or Severance Plans for Named
Executive Officer—Frederic Cumenal Employment Agreement" at PS-63.
Q
The employment agreement has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.154 to the 5
Company's Report on Form 8-K dated March 21, 2011. As disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table at PS-68, >-
after being hired in Fiscal 2011 under the terms of his employment agreement, Mr. Cumenal received various
compensation increases and promotions outside of the original terms of his agreement. E
MARK I. ERCEG COMPENSATORY ARRANGEMENT
Elements of Mr. Erceg's compensation disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table are provided pursuant to the
terms of the offer letter extended to him in connection with his recruitment. For terms of the offer letter, see "Other
Employment Agreements or Severance Plans for Named Executive Officers—Mark J. Erceg Offer Letter" at PS-64. The
offer letter has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.29 to the Company's Annual
Report on Form 10-K dated March 17, 2017.
TIFFANY & co.
Ps-77