new hire and promotional and recognition grants to employees, in the total amount of 370,525 shares, and these and
other grants awarded under the 2014 Employee Incentive Plan after January 31, 2017 will reduce the number of shares
available under that plan.
Maximum Number of Shares
The maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2017 Directors Plan is 1,000,000.
The maximum number of shares that will be available for grant under the Plan will be reduced by one share for each
share that is delivered on vesting of a stock award. The maximum number of shares available for grant under the Plan
is also subject to adjustment for corporate transactions. See "Maximum N umber of Shares and Adjustments for Corporate
Transactions" below.
Per—Year—Per—ParticipantLimit Under the Plan
The Plan imposes the following limit: the total compensation (including without limitation cash, options, stock awards,
or any combination thereof) that may be awarded to any one participant in any single fiscal year may not exceed
$750,000. This limitation applies to all participants other than a non-executive chairperson of the Board.
Administration of the Plan
The Plan will be administered by the Board and/or a committee selected by the Board from amongst its members. If
such a committee is selected, it must consist of two or more directors. As used below, the term "Board" refers to the
Board or such a committee. The Board has the authority to determine:
0 directors to whom awards are granted,
0 the size and type of awards, and
0 the terms and conditions of such awards.
Number and Identity of Future Participants and Form of Awards Not Yet Determined
Under the 2017 Directors Plan, the Board may designate any non-employee director of the Company as a participant. ‘
The number and identity of participants to whom awards will eventually be made under the Plan has not yet been
determined, and, subject to the Plan, the form of such awards is at the discretion of the Board. It is therefore not
possible at this time to provide specific information as to actual future award recipients or the form of such awards.
Under the 2008 Directors Plan, non-employee directors were granted options to purchase shares of Company common Q
stock in May of each year. These options vest immediately, expire after 10 years and have an exercise price equal to 5
the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant, which is calculated as the average of the >-
highest and lowest sales prices on the date of grant. Most recently, in May 2016, non-employee directors were granted
options with a grant date target value of approximately $80,000. E
Under the 2008 Directors Plan, non-employee directors were also granted RSUs in May of each year. These RSUs vest
in full after one year of service, and may be paid on the vest date or a later date, at the prior election of the director. ‘
Most recently, in May 2016, non-employee directors were granted RSUs with a grant date target value of approximately
$80,000.
Awards Available under the 201 7 Directors Plan
The following awards are available under the Plan:
Options. The grant of a stock option entitles the holder to purchase a specified number of shares of the Company's
common stock at an exercise price specified at the time of grant. Stock options may be granted only in the form of
nonqualified stock options ("NQSOs"). A NQSO does not qualify for special tax treatment under Section 422(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code as a so-called "incentive stock option."
The Plan limits the discretion of the Board with respect to options as follows:
0 the term of an option may not exceed 10 years,
TIFFANY & C0.
PS-101