stock option grants described, calculated in accordance with Codification Topic 7 18 as of the amendment date,
was $2,859,100.
0 A maximum number of 71,000 PSUs granted to Mr. Cumenal in January 2015, which otherwise would have
been forfeited upon his termination date, will continue to vest in accordance with their terms. The payout of
this award to Mr. Cumenal will remain contingent upon pre-established performance goals, will be pro-rated to
reflect Mr. Cumenal's employment during the performance period, and may only be reduced in the Committee's
discretion if the reduction applies to the executive officers generally. The fair value of the amended award,
calculated in accordance with Codification Topic 718 as of the amendment date, was $2,089,266 (computed
at 50% of maximum on the assumption that the EPS target is reached but not exceeded and the RDA target
is not met (resulting in no ROA adjustment) for the performance period of Fiscal 2015 through Fiscal 2017).
The Company will be entitled to recover or revoke the additional consideration in the event Mr. Cumenal breaches his
agreement to provide transition or litigation assistance or his applicable confidentiality, no-hire and non-solicitation
obligations. As required by his employment agreement, the Company also paid Mr. Cumenal for accrued but unused
vacation and an amount in lieu of the applicable notice period.
In addition, upon the termination date, 12,419 RSUs granted to Mr. Cumenal in September 2013 vested according to
their terms. Based on $81.37, the closing value of the Company's stock on February 10, 2017, the value of the early
vesting of this award was $1,010,534.
PSUs granted to Mr. Cumenal in January 2014 for the performance period ending on January 31, 2017 likewise vested
according to their terms, as the performance period had been completed by the time of his departure from the Company.
Based on the Company's achievement of applicable performance goals, this award vested at 54.92% of target shares,
resulting in the vesting of 8,348 shares for Mr. Cumenal. For additional information concerning the payout of this award,
see "Long-Term lncentives—Vesting of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Granted for Fiscal 2014" at PS—58.
For information concerning the distribution, following the termination of Mr. Cumenal's employment, of his vested,
nonqualified deferred compensation benefits and the special retirement account required by his employment agreement,
see Note (b) to the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table at PS—88 and "Retirement Benefits—Defined Contribution
Retirement Benefit" at PS—59, respectively.
Explanation of Potential Payments on a Termination Absent a Change in Control
Severance Arrangements
§ Messrs. Erceg and Galtie are entitled to severance benefits in the event of an involuntary termination in the absence of
Q a Change in Control, as was Mr. Cumenal prior to his departure from the Company. For a full discussion of these
3 arrangements, see "Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Other Employment Agreements or Severance Plans for Named
Executive Officers" at PS—63. Aside from these individuals, the Company is not obligated to pay cash severance benefits
to any other NEO upon termination, unless a Change in Control has occurred, although it is permitted to provide such
benefits if it deems it appropriate to do so.
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Awards
The terms applicable to PSUs granted in January 2016 and 2015 reserve the right of the Committee, under certain
circumstances, to permit vesting of such units in the event of an involuntary termination without cause absent a Change
in Control. The terms applicable to PSUs granted in January 2017 provide for continued vesting in the event of an
involuntary termination without cause absent a Change in Control following at least 10 years of service as an executive,
provided the PS Us were granted at least six months prior to such termination. In each case the terms set forth parameters
and requirements for vesting. The amounts reported assume no units were vested in this manner.
TIFFANY & co.
PS-92