REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
The primary function of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect
to the Company's financial matters. The Audit Committee operates under a charter adopted by the Board; that charter
may be viewed on the Company's website, www.tiffany.com, by clicking "Investors" at the bottom of the page and then
selecting "Corporate Governance" from the left-hand column. The Company's management is responsible for the
Company's internal controls and for preparing the Company's financial statements contained in the Company's public
reports. The Company's independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PwC"), is
responsible for auditing the annual financial statements prepared by management and for expressing opinions on the
Company's consolidated financial statements and on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial
reporting in accordance with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the "PCAOB").
Included in the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders are the consolidated balance sheets of the Company and its
subsidiaries as of January 31, 2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive
earnings, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2017. These
statements (the "Audited Financial Statements") are the subject of a report by PwC. The Audited Financial Statements
are also included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The Audit Committee reviewed and discussed the Audited Financial Statements with the Company's management and
PwC, as appropriate, and otherwise fulfilled the responsibilities set forth in its charter. The Audit Committee has also
discussed with the Company's management and PwC their evaluations of the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting, as well as the quality of the accounting principles applied and the reasonableness of
the significant accounting judgments and estimates incorporated in the Audited Financial Statements.
The Audit Committee has discussed with PwC the matters required to be discussed by PCAOB Auditing Standard No.
1301, "Communications with Audit Committees." In connection with such discussion, the Audit Committee and PwC
also discussed the business, compliance and financial reporting risks to which the Company is subject. The Audit
Committee received from PwC the written disclosure and letter required by PCAOB Rule 3526 "Communication with
Audit Committees Concerning Independence," and has discussed with them their independence. The Audit Committee
has considered whether the provision by PwC of the tax consultation, tax compliance and other non-audit-related services
disclosed below under "Relationship with Independent Public Accounting Firm—Fees and Services of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP" is compatible with maintaining PwC's independence and has concluded that providing
such services is compatible with PwC's independence from the Company and its management.
.0
:8 Based upon the review and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Company's Board
§ that the Audited Financial Statements be included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
Q ended January 31,2017.
»
Signed:
Robert S. Singer, Chair
Lawrence K. Fish
Abby F. Kohnstamm
Charles K. Marquis
Members of the Audit Committee
TIFFANY & CO.
Ps-34