The Registrant believes that the claims of the Swatch Parties are without merit. In the Arbitration, the Tiffany Parties
defended against the Swatch Parties’ claims vigorously, disputing both the merits of the claims and the calculation
of the alleged damages. The Tiffany Parties also asserted counterclaims for damages attributable to breach by the
Swatch Parties, stemming from the Swatch Parties’ September 12, 2011 public issuance of a Notice of Termination
purporting to terminate the Agreements due to alleged material breach by the Tiffany Parties, and for termination
due to such breach. In general terms, the Tiffany Parties alleged that the Swatch Parties did not have grounds for
termination, failed to meet the high standard for proving material breach set forth in the Agreements and failed to
provide appropriate management, distribution, marketing and other resources for TIFFANY & CO. brand watches and
to honor their contractual obligations to the Tiffany Parties regarding brand management. The Tiffany Parties’
counterclaims sought damages based on alternate theories ranging from CHF 120.0 million (or approximately
$121.0 million at January 31, 2017) (based on its wasted investment) to approximately CHF 540.0 million (or
approximately $542.0 million at January 31, 2017) (calculated based on alleged future lost profits of the Tiffany
Parties).
The Arbitration hearing was held in October 2012 before a three-member arbitral panel convened in the Netherlands
pursuant to the Arbitration Rules of the Netherlands Arbitration Institute (the "Rules"), and the Arbitration record was
’ completed in February 2013.
Under the terms of the Arbitration Award, and at the request of the Swatch Parties and the Tiffany Parties, the
_n Agreements were deemed terminated. The Arbitration Award stated that the effective date of termination was March
6) 1, 2013. Pursuant to the Arbitration Award, the Tiffany Parties were ordered to pay the Swatch Parties damages of
CHF 402.7 million (the "Arbitration Damages"), as well as interest from June 30, 2012 to the date of payment, two-
ﬂ thirds of the cost of the Arbitration and two-thirds of the Swatch Parties' legal fees, expenses and costs. These
3 amounts were paid in full in January 2014.
Prior to the ruling of the arbitral panel, no accrual was established in the Company's consolidated financial
statements because management did not believe the likelihood of an award of damages to the Swatch Parties was
probable. As a result of the ruling, in the fourth quarter of 2013, the Company recorded a charge of $480.2 million,
which included the damages, interest, and other costs associated with the ruling and which was classified as
Arbitration award expense in the consolidated statement of earnings.
On March 31, 2014, the Tiffany Parties took action in the District Court of Amsterdam to annul the Arbitration
Award. Generally, arbitration awards are final; however, Dutch law does provide for limited grounds on which arbitral
awards may be set aside. The Tiffany Parties petitioned to annul the Arbitration Award on these statutory grounds.
These grounds include, for example, that the arbitral tribunal violated its mandate by changing the express terms of
the Agreements.
A three-judge panel presided over the annulment hearing on January 19, 2015, and, on March 4, 2015, issued a
decision in favor of the Tiffany Parties. Under this decision, the Arbitration Award is set aside. However, the Swatch
Parties took action in the Dutch courts to appeal the District Court's decision, and a three-judge panel presided over
an appellate hearing in respect of the annulment, and the related claim by the Tiffany Parties for return of the
Arbitration Damages and related costs, on June 29, 2016. That panel's decision, which may be appealed to the
Supreme Court of the Netherlands, is pending. As a result of this ongoing appellate process, the Arbitration Award
may ultimately be upheld by the courts of the Netherlands. Registrant’s management expects that the annulment
action is not likely to be ultimately resolved until, at the earliest, Registrant's fiscal year ending January 31, 2018.
If the Arbitration Award is finally annulled, management anticipates that the claims and counterclaims that formed
the basis of the Arbitration, and potentially additional claims and counterclaims, will be litigated in court
proceedings between and among the Swatch Parties and the Tiffany Parties. The identity and location of the courts
that would hear such actions have not been determined at this time.
In any litigation regarding the claims and counterclaims that formed the basis of the arbitration, issues of liability
and damages will be pled and determined without regard to the findings of the arbitral panel. As such, it is possible
that the court could find that the Swatch Parties were in material breach of their obligations under the Agreements,
that the Tiffany Parties were in material breach of their obligations under the Agreements or that neither the Swatch
Parties nor the Tiffany Parties were in material breach. If the Swatch Parties’ claims of liability were accepted by the
court, the damages award cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, but could exceed the Arbitration Damages
and could have a material adverse effect on the Registrant’s consolidated financial statements or liquidity.
TIFFANY & co.
K-20