price prevailing at the time of purchase. Management anticipates that its minimum purchase obligations of rough
diamonds under all of these arrangements will be approximately $60.0 million in 2017.
As a result of the manner in which rough diamonds are typically assorted for sale, it is occasionally necessary for the
Company to knowingly purchase, as part of a larger assortment, rough diamonds that do not meet the Company's
quality standards or assortment needs. The Company seeks to recover its costs related to these diamonds by selling
such diamonds to third parties (generally other diamond polishers), which has the effect of modestly reducing the
Company's overall gross margins. Any such sales are included in the Other non-reportable segment.
In recent years, approximately 65% - 75% (by dollar value) of the polished diamonds used in the Company's jewelry
have been produced from rough diamonds that the Company has purchased. The balance of the Company's needs for
polished diamonds is purchased from polishers or polished-diamond dealers generally through purchase orders for
fixed quantities. These relationships may be terminated at any time by either party, but such a termination would not
discharge either party's obligations under unfulfilled purchase orders accepted prior to the termination. It is the
Company's intention to continue to supply the majority of its needs for diamonds by purchasing and polishing rough
diamonds.
Products containing one or more diamonds of varying sizes, including diamonds used as accents, side-stones and
center-stones, accounted for 59%, 59% and 58% of worldwide net sales in 2016, 2015 and 2014. Products
containing one or more diamonds of one carat or larger accounted for 13%, 14% and 14% of worldwide net sales in
each of those years. 3
F>
Conflict Diamonds. Media attention has been drawn to the issue of "conflict" diamonds. This term is used to refer to
diamonds extracted from war-torn geographic regions and sold by rebel forces to fund insurrection. Allegations have Q
also been made that trading in such diamonds supports terrorist activities. Management believes that it is not LL
possible in most purchasing scenarios to distinguish diamonds produced in conflict regions from diamonds produced
in other regions once they have been polished. Therefore, concerned participants in the diamond trade, including the
Company and nongovernment organizations, seek to exclude "conflict" diamonds, which represent a small fraction of f ‘
the world's supply, from legitimate trade through an international system of certification and legislation known as the
Kimberley Process Certification Scheme. All rough diamonds the Company buys, crossing an international border,
must be accompanied by a Kimberley Process certificate and all trades of rough and polished diamonds must
conform to a system of warranties that references the aforesaid scheme. It is not expected that such efforts will
substantially affect the supply of diamonds. In addition, concerns over human rights abuses in Zimbabwe, Angola
and the Democratic Republic of the Congo underscore that the aforementioned system has not deterred the
production of diamonds in state-sanctioned mines under poor working conditions. The Company has informed its
vendors that it does not intend to purchase Zimbabwean, Angolan or Congolese-produced diamonds. Accordingly, the
Company has implemented the Diamond Source Warranty Protocol, which requires vendors to provide a warranty,
and a qualified independent audit certificate, that loose polished diamonds were not obtained from Zimbabwean,
Angolan or Congolese mines.
Worldwide Availability and Price of Diamonds. The availability and price of diamonds are dependent on a number of
factors, including global consumer demand, the political situation in diamond-producing countries, the opening of
new mines, the continuance of the prevailing supply and marketing arrangements for rough diamonds and levels of
industry liquidity. In recent years, there has been substantial volatility in the prices of both rough and polished
diamonds. Prices for rough diamonds do not necessarily reflect current demand for polished diamonds.
In addition, the supply and prices of rough and polished diamonds in the principal world markets have been and
continue to be influenced by the Diamond Trading Company ("DTC"), an affiliate of the De Beers Group. Although the
DTC's historical ability to control worldwide production has diminished due to its lower share of worldwide production
and changing policies in diamond-producing countries, the DTC continues to supply a meaningful portion of the
world market for rough, gem-quality diamonds and continues to impact diamond supply through its marketing and
advertising initiatives. A significant portion of the diamonds that the Company purchased in 2016 had their source
with the DTC.
Sustained interruption in the supply of diamonds, an overabundance of supply or a substantial change in the
marketing arrangements described above could adversely affect the Company and the retail jewelry industry as a
whole. Changes in the marketing and advertising spending of the DTC and its direct purchasers could affect
consumer demand for diamonds.
TIFFANY & co.
K-9