(iii) any business venture in which the Company has a significant interest, as determined at the discretion
of the Committee.
Shares. The term "Shares" shall mean shares of the Common Stock of the Company, $.01 par value, as presently
constituted, subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph 4.2(c) above.
8. Other Provisions
8.1 Successors. All obligations of the Company under the Plan with respect to Awards shall be binding on
any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of
the Company.
8.2 Unfunded Plan. The adoption of the Plan and any reservation of shares of Common Stock or cash amounts
by the Company to discharge its obligations hereunder shall not be deemed to create a trust or other
funded arrangement. Except upon the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to an Award, any rights of a
Participant under the Plan shall be those of a general unsecured creditor of the Company, and neither a
Participant nor the Participant's permitted transferees or estate shall have any other interest in any assets
of the Company by virtue of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have the right
to implement or set aside funds in a grantor trust, subject to the claims of the Company's creditors or
otherwise, to discharge its obligations under the Plan.
8.3 Governing Law. The Plan and all rights hereunder shall be subject to and interpreted in accordance with
the laws of the State of New York, without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws, and to applicable
Federal securities laws.
9. Section 409A
The Plan is intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A, to the extent such requirements are
applicable, and shall be limited, construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. To the extent that any
Award is subject to Code Section 409A, it shall be granted and paid in a manner intended to ensure that such
Award complies with Code Section 409A. Any provision in the Plan or an Award Agreement that is inconsistent with
Code Section 409A shall be deemed to be amended to comply with Code Section 409A and to the extent such
provision cannot be amended to comply therewith, such provision shall be null and void. Notwithstanding any
(9 provision of the Plan or an Award Agreement to the contrary, the Board may at any time (without the consent of a
é Participant) modify or amend any or all of the provisions of the Plan or an Award to the extent the Board believes
Q in good faith that such action is necessary to conform the provisions of the Plan or an Award with Code Section
3 409A and the regulations issued thereunder or an exception thereto, regardless of whether such modification or
amendment of the Plan and/or Award shall adversely affect the rights of a Participant, subject to the limitations,
if any, of applicable law; provided, however, such modification or amendment shall, to the maximum extent reasonably
possible, maintain the original intent and economic benefit to the Participant and the Company without violating
the provisions of Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any tax liabilities arising under Code Section
409A will be solely the responsibility of the affected Participants, and in no event shall any member of the Board,
the Committee or the Company (or its employees, officers or directors) have any liability to any Participant (or any
other person) due to the failure of an Award to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A.
TIFFANY & CO.
PS-114