° Asia-Pacific — the ratio decreased 0.8 percentage point due to a lack of sales leverage on operating
expenses, primarily attributable to new store-related expenses, partly offset by an improvement in
gross margin;
0 Japan — the ratio decreased 3.0 percentage points primarily due to a decrease in gross margin that
reflected an unfavorable impact tied to the strengthening of the Yen on the Company's program to
utilize Yen forward contracts for a portion of its forecasted merchandise purchases; and
0 Europe — the ratio decreased 1.5 percentage points due to a decrease in net sales resulting in a lack of
sales leverage on operating expenses, partly offset by an improvement in gross margin.
On a segment basis, the ratio of earnings from operations to each segment's net sales in 2015 compared with
2014 was as follows:
0 Americas — the ratio decreased 1.3 percentage points due to a decrease in net sales resulting in sales
deleveraging of operating expenses, partly offset by an improvement in gross margin;
’ ° Asia-Pacific — the ratio decreased 1.1 percentage points due to increased store-related operating
expenses and marketing spending, partly offset by an improvement in gross margin;
0 Japan — the ratio increased 1.5 percentage points due to leveraging of operating expenses (as
21'") operating expenses decreased at a higher rate than sales), partly offset by a decrease in gross margin
g attributable to currency translation; and
i 0 Europe — the ratio decreased 2.2 percentage points resulting from increased store-related operating
expenses and marketing spending, partly offset by an improvement in gross margin.
Unallocated corporate expenses include costs related to administrative support functions which the Company does
not allocate to its segments. Such unallocated costs include those for centralized information technology, finance,
legal and human resources departments. Unallocated corporate expenses increased by $9.8 million in 2016 and
$15.0 million in 2015, primarily due to increased costs, including depreciation and amortization expense,
associated with upgrades to the Company's information technology systems as well as increased incentive
compensation expense in 2016.
Included in other operating expenses in the table above, the 2016 amount represented $25.4 million associated
with an impairment charge related to software costs capitalized in connection with the development of a new
finished goods inventory management and merchandising information system (see "Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data - Note B. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note E. Property, Plant and
Equipment“) and $12.6 million associated with impairment charges related to financing arrangements with
diamond mining and exploration companies (see "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note B.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies").
Included in other operating expenses in the table above, the 2015 amount represented $37.9 million associated
with impairment charges related to a financing arrangement with Koidu Limited and $8.8 million of expenses
associated with specific cost-reduction initiatives. See "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data -
Note J. Commitments and Contingencies."
Interest Expense and Financing Costs
Interest expense and financing costs decreased $3.0 million, or 6%, in 2016 due to lower interest expense. Interest
expense and financing costs decreased $13.9 million, or 22%, in 2015 as a result of lower interest expense on long-
term debt (reflecting the October 2014 redemption of long-term debt using proceeds from the issuance of lower-rate
long-term debt in September 2014) as well as lower average credit facility borrowings.
Other (Income) Expense, Net
Other (income) expense, net includes interest income as well as gains/losses on investment activities and foreign
currency transactions. Net income of $1.4 million in 2016 compared with net expense of $1.2 million in 2015.
The $2.6 million change was primarily due to reduced foreign currency transaction losses. Net expense of $1.2
TIFFANY & co.
K-38