ACUITY BRANDS, INC
7 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) 7
In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015—05, Customer's Accounting For Fees Paid lnA Cloud Computing
Arrangement (“ASU 2015-05”), which provides guidance for a customer's accounting for cloud computing costs. ASU
2015-05 is effective for fiscal years (and interim reporting periods within those years) beginning after December 15,
2015. The provisions of ASU 2015-05 are not expected to have a material effect on the Company's financial condition,
results of operations, or cash flows.
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014—09, Revenue From Contracts With Customers (“ASU 2014-09”),
which outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with
customers. ASU 2014-09 is effective for fiscal years (and interim reporting periods within those years) beginning after
December 15, 2017. ASU 2014-09 permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of ASU 2014-09.
All other newly issued accounting pronouncements not yet effective have been deemed either immaterial or
not applicable.
4. Acquisitions and Investments
The Company does not consider acquisitions a critical element of its strategy but seeks opportunities for growth
through acquisitions and investments. In recent years, the Company has acquired or made investments in a number
of businesses that participate in the lighting, building management and related markets, including the businesses
discussed below. The acquisitions and investments were made with the intent to further expand and complement the
Company’s lighting and building management solutions portfolio. The purchased companies were fully incorporated
into the Company’s operations.
Fiscal 201 6 Acquisitions
DGLogik, Inc.
On June 30, 2016, using cash on hand and treasury stock, the Company acquired DGLogik, Inc. ("DGLogik"), a
provider of innovative software solutions that enable and visualize the Internet of Things. DGLogik's solutions provide
users with the intelligence to better manage energy usage and improve facility performance. DGLogik is headquartered
in the San Francisco Bay Area, California.
Juno Lighting LLC
On December 10, 2015, using cash on hand, the Company acquired for approximately $380 all of the equity
interests of Juno Lighting LLC ("Juno Lighting"), a leading provider of downlighting and track lighting ﬁxtures for both
residential and commercial applications. Juno Lighting is headquartered in Des Plaines, Illinois. At the time of
acquisition, Juno Lighting generated annual revenues of approximately $250 (unaudited).
Geometri LLC
On December 9, 2015, using cash on hand, the Company acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities
of Geometri, LLC ("Geometri"), a provider of a software and services platform for mapping, navigation, and analytics.
Distech Controls Inc.
On September 1, 2015, using cash on hand, the Company acquired for approximately $240 all of the outstanding
capital stock of Distech Controls Inc. ("Distech Controls"), a provider of building automation solutions that allow for the
integration of lighting, HVAC, access control, closed circuit television, and related systems. Distech Controls is
headquartered in Quebec, Canada. At the time of acquisition, Distech Controls generated annual revenues of
approximately $80 Canadian Dollars (unaudited).
51