certain limits for certain other insurable risks, primarily physical loss to property and business interruptions resulting
from such loss lasting two days or more in duration. Insurance coverage is maintained for catastrophic property and
casualty exposures as well as those risks required to be insured by law or contract. The Company is fully self-insured
for certain other types of liabilities, including environmental, product recall, warranty, and patent infringement.
The Company is also self-insured for the majority of its medical beneﬁt plans up to certain limits. The Company
estimates its aggregate liability for claims incurred by applying a lag factor to the Company’s historical claims and
administrative cost experience. The appropriateness ofthe Company’s lag factor is evaluated and revised, if necessary,
annually. Although management believes that the current estimates are reasonable, significant differences related to
claim reporting patterns, plan design, legislation, and general economic conditions could materially affectthe Company’s
medical beneﬁt plan liabilities, future expense, and cash flow.
Income Taxes
The Company uses certain assumptions and estimates in determining the income taxes payable or refundable
for the current year, income tax expense, and deferred income tax liabilities and assets, which represent temporary
and permanent differences between amounts within the financial statements and the income tax basis. Accounting
Standards Codiﬁcation (“ASC”) Topic 740, Income Taxes (“ASC 740”), requires the evaluation and testing of the
recoverability of deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the relevant
factors, it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Reasonable
judgment and estimates are required in determining whether a valuation allowance is necessary and, if so, the amount
of such valuation allowance. In evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, the Company considers a number of
factors, including, but not limited to: the nature and character of the deferred tax assets and liabilities; taxable income
in prior carryback years; future reversals of existing temporary differences; and the length of time carryovers can be
utilized.
In light of the multiple taxjurisdictions in which the Company operates, the Company’s tax returns are subject to
routine audit by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and other taxation authorities. The results of these audits at times
produce uncertainty regarding particular tax positions taken in the year(s) of review. The Company records uncertain
tax positions as prescribed by ASC 740, which requires recognition at the time when it is more likely than not that the
position in question will be upheld. Although management believes that the judgment and estimates involved are
reasonable and that the necessary provisions have been recorded, changes in circumstances or unexpected events
could adversely or positively affect the Company’s ﬁnancial position, results of operations, and cash flows.
Retirement Benefits
The Company sponsors domestic and international deﬁned benefit pension plans and defined contribution plans
and other postretirement plans. Assumptions are used to determine the estimated fair value of plan assets, the actuarial
value of plan liabilities, and the current and projected costs forthese employee beneﬁt plans and include, among other
factors, estimated discount rates, expected returns on the pension fund assets, estimated mortality rates, the rates of
increase in employee compensation levels, and, for one international plan, retroactive inflationary adjustments. These
assumptions are determined based on Company and market data and are evaluated annually as of the plans’
measurement date. See the Pensions and Deﬁned Contribution Plans footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for further information on the Company’s plans, including the potential impact of changes to certain of
these assumptions.
Share-Based Compensation Expense
The Company recognizes compensation cost relating to share-based payment transactions in the ﬁnancial
statements based on the estimated fair value of the equity instrument issued. The Company accounts for stock options,
restricted shares, and share units representing certain deferrals into the Director Deferred Compensation Plan or the
Supplemental Deferred Savings Plan (both of which are discussed further in the Share-Based Payments footnote of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) based on the grant—date fair value estimated under the provisions of
ASC Topic 718, Compensation — Stock Compensation (“ASC 718”).
The Company employs the Black-Scholes model in deriving the fairvalue estimates of certain share-based awards
and estimates forfeitures of all share-based awards at the time of grant, which are revised in subsequent periods if
actual forfeitures diﬁerfrom initial estimates. Forfeitures are estimated based on historical experience. If factors change
causing different assumptions to be made in future periods, estimated compensation expense may differ signiﬁcantly
from that recorded in the current period. See the SigniﬁcantAccounting Policies and Share-Based Payments footnotes
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding the assumptions used in estimating
the fair value of stock options.
32