ACUITY BRANDS, INC
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
Company establishes reserves for legal claims when associated costs become probable and can be reasonably
estimated. The actual costs of resolving legal claims may be substantially higher than the amounts reserved for such
claims. However, the Company cannot make a meaningful estimate of actual costs to be incurred that could possibly
be higher or lower than the amounts reserved.
Environmental Matters
The operations of the Company are subject to numerous comprehensive laws and regulations relating to the
generation, storage, handling, transportation, and disposal of hazardous substances, as well as solid and hazardous
wastes, and to the remediation of contaminated sites. In addition, permits and environmental controls are required for
certain of the Company’s operations to limit air and water pollution, and these permits are subject to modiﬁcation,
renewal, and revocation by issuing authorities. On an ongoing basis, the Company invests capital and incurs operating
costs relating to environmental compliance. Environmental laws and regulations have generally become stricter in
recent years. The Company is not aware of any pending legislation or proposed regulation related to environmental
issues that would have a material adverse effect on the Company. The cost of responding to future changes may be
substantial. The Company establishes reserves for known environmental claims when the associated costs become
probable and can be reasonably estimated. The actual cost of environmental issues may be substantially higher than
that reserved due to difﬁculty in estimating such costs.
Guarantees and Indemnities
The Company is a party to contracts entered into in the normal course of business in which it is common for the
Company to agree to indemnify third parties for certain liabilities that may arise out of or relate to the subject matter
of the contract. In most cases, the Company cannot estimate the potential amount of future payments under these
indemnities until events arise that would result in a liability under the indemnities.
Acquisition-Related Liabilities
During the negotiations related to business combinations, the previous owners of the acquired entity (“acquiree”)
typically indemnify the Company for speciﬁc unrecognized liabilities of the acquiree in existence as of the date of
acquisition. For some acquisitions of businesses, the Company acts in the place of escrow agents in the holding of
funds, including accrued interest (collectively, the “holdback funds”), used to fulfill pre-acquisition obligations agreed
to be paid by the acquiree. These funds represent consideration given to the previous owners of the businesses
acquired and are payable to them, net of any pre-acquisition obligations satisfied within a stated amount of time, at a
future date. Any potential pre-acquisition obligations for which the Company may be reimbursed through the holdback
funds are usually uncertain as of the date of the change of control. In certain circumstances, the Company is capable
of the identiﬁcation and quantiﬁcation of particular liabilities including, but not limited to, uncertain tax positions, legal
issues, and other outstanding obligations not recognized in the ﬁnancial statements of the acquired entity. Under ASC
Topic 805, Business Combinations, these unrecognized liabilities are recorded as obligations of the Company with a
corresponding receivable due from the previous owners as of the date of acquisition and are included as part of the
acquisition accounting. The actual costs of resolving pre-acquisition obligations may be substantially higher than the
holdback funds or amounts reserved. The Company does not believe that any amounts it is likely to be required to
pay under these acquisition-related liabilities, including net holdback funds, will be material to the Company’s ﬁnancial
position, results of operations, or cash flow.
Product Warranty and Recall Costs
The Company records an allowance for the estimated amount of future warranty costs when the related revenue
is recognized. Estimated costs related to product recalls based on a formal campaign soliciting repair or return of that
product are accrued when they are deemed to be probable and can be reasonably estimated. Estimated future warranty
and recall costs are primarily based on historical experience of identified warranty and recall claims. However, there
can be no assurance that future warranty or recall costs will not exceed historical amounts or new technology products,
which may include extended warranties, may not generate unexpected costs. If actual future warranty or recall costs
exceed historical amounts, additional allowances may be required, which could have a material adverse impact on
the Company’s results of operations and cash ﬂow.
66