other expenses, without regard to the fault or the legality of the original conduct, on those persons who contributed to
the release of a hazardous substance into the environment. The Company may also be affected by future industry
standards, laws or regulations, including those imposed in response to energy, climate change, product functionality,
geopolitical, or similar concerns. These standards, laws, or regulations may impact the sourcing of raw materials and
the manufacture and distribution of the Company’s products and place restrictions and other requirements or
impediments on the products and solutions the Company can sell in certain geographical locations.
The Company may develop unexpected legal contingencies or matters that exceed insurance coverage.
The Company is subject to and in the future may be subject to various claims, including legal claims arising in
the normal course of business, which may include without limitation employment claims, product recall, personal injury,
network security, data privacy, or property damage claims resulting from the use of the Company's products, services,
or solutions or exposure to hazardous materials, contract disputes, or intellectual property disputes. The Company is
insured up to speciﬁed limits for certain types of losses with a self-insurance retention per occurrence, including product
or professional liability, network security, and data privacy claims, and is fully self-insured for certain other types of
losses, including environmental, product recall, warranties, commercial disputes, and patent infringement. The
Company establishes reserves for legal claims when the costs associated with the claims become probable and can
be reasonably estimated. The actual costs of resolving legal claims may be substantially higher or lower than the level
of insurance coverage held by the Company and/or the amounts reserved for such claims. In the event of unexpected
future developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolutions of such matters, if unfavorable, could adversely affect
the Company’s results of operations, ﬁnancial position, or cash ﬂows. The Company’s insurance coverage is negotiated
on an annual basis, and insurance policies in the future may have coverage exclusions that could cause claim-related
costs to rise.
If the Company's products are improperly designed, manufactured, packaged, or labeled, the Company may
need to recall those items, may have increased warranty costs, and could be the target of product liability
claims.
The Company may need to recall products if they are improperly designed, manufactured, packaged, or labeled,
and the Company does not maintain insurance for such recall events. Many of the Company's products and solutions
have become more complex in recent years and include more sophisticated and sensitive electronic components. The
Company has increasingly manufactured certain of those components and products in its own facilities. The Company
has previously initiated product recalls as a result of potentially faulty components, assembly, installation, and packaging
of its products, and widespread product recalls could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall, the
destruction of product inventory, penalties, and lost sales due to the unavailability of a product for a period of time. In
addition, products developed by the Company that incorporate new technologies, such as LED technology, generally
provide for more extensive warranty protection which may result in higher costs if warranty claims on these products
are higher than historical amounts. The Company may also be liable if the use of any of its products causes harm, and
could suffer losses from a signiﬁcant product liabilityjudgment against the Company in excess of its insurance limits.
The Company may not be able to obtain indemnity or reimbursement from its suppliers or other third parties for the
warranty costs or liabilities associated with its products. A signiﬁcant product recall, warranty claim, or product liability
case could also result in adverse publicity, damage to the Company’s reputation, and a loss of consumer conﬁdence
in its products, which could adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, and
cash flows.
Failure to effectively estimate employer-sponsored health insurance premiums and incremental costs due
to the Affordable Care Act could materially and adversely affect the Company's financial condition, results of
operations, and cash flows.
In March 2010, the United States federal government enacted comprehensive health care reform legislation,
which, among other things, includes guaranteed coverage requirements, eliminates pre-existing condition exclusions
and annual and lifetime maximum limits, restricts the extent to which policies can be rescinded, and imposes new
taxes on health insurers, self-insured companies, and health care beneﬁts. The legislation imposes implementation
effective dates that began in 2010 and extend through 2020 with many of the changes requiring additional guidance
and regulations from federal agencies. Possible adverse effects could include increased costs, exposure to expanded
liability, and requirements for the Company to revise the ways in which healthcare and other benefits are provided to
employees. To date, the Company has experienced increased costs related to such legislation; however, due to the
phased-in nature of the implementation and the lack of interpretive guidance, the Company continues to monitor the
potential impacts the health care reform legislation will have on the Company’s financial results. Future costs could
adversely affect the Company's ﬁnancial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
11