ACUITY BRANDS, INC
7 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) 7
Compensation expense recognized related to the share units under these plans was $1.1 million, $1.0 million,
and $0.8 million in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Employees are able to purchase, through payroll deduction, common stock at a 5% discount on a monthly basis.
There were 1.5 million shares of the Company’s common stock reserved for purchase under the plan, of which
approximately 1.0 million shares remain available as ofAugust 31 , 2016. Employees may participate at their discretion.
10. Commitments and Contingencies
Self-Insurance
It is the policy of the Company to self-insure— up to certain limits— traditional risks, including workers’
compensation, comprehensive general liability, and auto liability. The Company’s self-insured retention for each claim
involving workers’ compensation, comprehensive general liability (including product liability claims), and auto liability
is limited per occurrence ofsuch claims. Aprovision for claims underthis self-insured program, based on the Company’s
estimate of the aggregate liability for claims incurred, is revised and recorded annually. The estimate is derived from
both internal and external sources including, but not limited to, the Company’s independent actuary. The Company is
also self-insured up to certain limits for certain other insurable risks, primarily physical loss to property and business
interruptions resulting from such loss lasting two days or more in duration. Insurance coverage is maintained for
catastrophic property and casualty exposures, as well as those risks required to be insured by law or contract. The
Company is fully self-insured for certain other types of liabilities, including environmental, product recall, warranty, and
patent infringement. The actuarial estimates are subject to uncertainty from various sources including, among others,
changes in claim reporting patterns, claim settlement patterns, judicial decisions, legislation, and economic conditions.
Although the Company believes that the actuarial estimates are reasonable, signiﬁcant differences related to the items
noted above could materially affect the Company’s self-insurance obligations, future expense, and cash flow.
The Company is also self-insured for the majority of its medical benefit plans up to certain limits. The Company
estimates its aggregate liability for claims incurred by applying a lag factor to the Company’s historical claims and
administrative cost experience. The appropriateness of the Company’s lag factor is evaluated and revised annually,
as necessary.
Leases
The Company leases certain of its buildings and equipment under noncancelable lease agreements. Future
minimum annual lease payments under noncancelable leases are $15.1, $12.1, $9.6, $7.5, $5.7, and $10.2 for ﬁscal
2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, and after 2021, respectively.
Total rent expense was $17.6, $16.0, and $16.5 in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.
Purchase Obligations
The Company has incurred purchase obligations in the ordinary course of business that are enforceable and
legally binding. Obligations for years subsequent to August 31, 2016 include $193.8 in ﬁscal 2017 and $4.8 in fiscal
2018. As of August 31, 2016, the Company had no purchase obligations extending beyond August 31, 2018.
Collective Bargaining Agreements
Approximately 73% of the Company’s total work force is covered by collective bargaining agreements. Collective
bargaining agreements representing approximately 69% of the Company’s work force will expire within one year.
Litigation
The Company is subject to various legal claims arising in the normal course of business, including patent
infringement and product recall claims. Based on information currently available, it is the opinion of management that
the ultimate resolution of pending and threatened legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the
ﬁnancial condition, results of operations, or cash ﬂows of the Company. However, in the event of unexpected future
developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of any such matters, if unfavorable, could have a material
adverse effect on the ﬁnancial condition, results of operations, or cash flows of the Company in future periods. The
65