Item 7a. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
($ in millions)
General. The Company is exposed to worldwide market risks that may impact the Consolidated Balance Sheets,
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows due primarily to
changing interest and foreign exchange rates as well as volatility in commodity prices. The following discussion provides
additional information regarding the market risks of the Company.
Interest Rates. Interest rate fluctuations expose the variable-rate debt of the Company to changes in interest
expense and cash ﬂows. At August 31, 2016, the variable-rate debt of the Company was solely comprised of the $4.0
long-term industrial revenue bond. A 10% increase in market interest rates at August 31, 2016, would have resulted
in a de minimus amount of additional annual after-tax interest expense. Aﬁuctuation in interest rates would not affect
interest expense or cash flows related to the Company’s ﬁxed-rate debt which includes the $350.0 publicly-traded
ﬁxed-rate notes. A 10% increase in market interest rates at August 31, 2016 would have decreased the estimated fair
value of these debt obligations by approximately $2.9. See the Debt and Lines of Credit footnote of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Form 10-K for additional information regarding the Company’s
debt.
Foreign Exchange Rates. The majority of net sales, expense, and capital purchases of the Company are
transacted in US. dollars. However, exposure with respect to foreign exchange rate fluctuation exists due to the
Company’s operations in Mexico and Canada, where a significant portion of products sold are produced or sourced
from the United States, and, to a lesser extent, in Europe. Based on ﬁscal 2016 performance, a hypothetical decline
in the value of the Canadian dollar in relation to the US dollar of 10% would negatively impact operating profit by
approximately $12, while a hypothetical appreciation of 10% in the value of the Canadian dollar in relation to the US.
dollar would favorably impact operating profit by approximately $15. In addition to products and services sold in Mexico,
a signiﬁcant portion of the goods sold in the United States are manufactured in Mexico. A hypothetical 10% decrease
in the value of the Mexican peso in relation to the US. dollar would favorably impact operating proﬁt by approximately
$9, while a hypothetical increase of 10% in the value of the Mexican peso in relation to the US dollar would negatively
impact operating proﬁts by approximately $12. The individual impacts to the operating proﬁt of the Company of
hypothetical currency fluctuations in the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso have been calculated in isolation from any
potential responses to address such exchange rate changes in the Company’s foreign markets.
The Company’s exposure to foreign currency risk related to its operations in Europe is immaterial and has been
excluded from this analysis.
Commodity Prices. The Company utilizes a variety of raw materials and components in its production process
including petroleum-based products, steel, and aluminum. In fiscal 2016, the Company purchased approximately
100,000 tons of steel and aluminum. The Company estimates that approximately 8% of raw materials purchased are
petroleum-based and that approximately five million gallons of diesel fuel were consumed in fiscal 2016. Failure to
effectively manage future increases in the costs of these items could have an adverse impact on the Company's results
of operations and cash flow.
34