new and renovation and retroﬁt activity, which is sensitive to the volatility of these general economic factors. The
Company is not aware of any data that accurately quantifies the split of the non-residential lighting market between
new construction and renovation and retroﬁt activity; however, recent trends developed from industry sources and
Company estimates suggest that renovation and retroﬁt activity represents a growing proportion of the total non-
residential lighting market. Construction spending on infrastructure projects such as highways, streets, and urban
developments has a material impact on the demand for the Company’s infrastructure-focused lighting and building
management solutions. Demand for the Company’s lighting and building management solutions sold through certain
retail channels is highly dependent on economic drivers, such as consumer spending and discretionary income, along
with housing construction and home improvement spending.
The residential and non-residential market is influenced by: the development of new lighting technologies,
including solid-state lighting, electronic drivers, embedded lighting controls, and more effective optical designs and
lamps; federal, state, and local requirements for updated energy codes; incentives by federal, state, and local municipal
authorities, as well as utility companies, for using more energy-efﬁcient lighting and building management solutions;
and design technologies addressing sustainability and facilitating smarter buildings and cities. The Company is a
leading provider of integrated lighting and building management solutions based on these technologies and utilizes
internally developed, licensed, or acquired intellectual property. Solid-state lighting and digital building management
systems provide the opportunity for lighting and building management systems to be integrated in a manner resulting
in the optimal platform for enabling the loT that collect and exchange data to increase efficiency as well as provide a
host of other economic beneﬁts resulting from data analytics and other features. The industry’s addressable market
is likely to meaningfully expand due to the beneﬁts and value creation provided by intelligent networked lighting and
building management systems. New entrants, including both well-established as well as new software and technology
companies, therefore continue to develop capabilities and solutions that are both complementary as well as competitive
to those of traditional industry participants.
Products and Solutions
The Company offers a broad portfolio of indoor and outdoor lighting and building management solutions for
commercial, institutional, industrial, infrastructure, and residential applications. The portfolio of lighting solutions
includes lighting products utilizing fluorescent, light emitting diode ("LED"), organic LED ("OLED"), high intensity
discharge, metal halide, and incandescent light sources to illuminate an extensive number of applications as well as
standalone and embedded lighting control solutions from simple to sophisticated, wired and wireless. Lighting and
controls products and solutions include the following: recessed, surface, and suspended lighting; downlighting;
decorative lighting; emergency and exit lighting; track lighting; daylighting; special-use lighting; street and roadway
lighting; parking garage lighting; unden/vater lighting; area pedestrian, ﬂood, and decorative site lighting; landscape
lighting; occupancy sensors; photocontrols; relay panels; architectural dimming panels; and integrated lighting controls
systems. Building management solutions include products and solutions for controlling HVAC, lighting, shades, and
access control that deliver end to end optimization of those building systems. The Company's lighting and building
management solutions are designed to enhance the occupant experience, improve the quality of the visual environment,
and provide seamless operational energy efﬁciency and cost reductions, as well as increased digital functionality due
to a unique capability to collect vast amounts of data that can better enable the loT for building owners.
The solutions portfolio of the Company also includes modular wiring, LED drivers, sensors, glass, and inverters
sold primarily to original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs"). In addition, the Company provides services across
applications that primarily relate to monitoring and controlling lighting and building management systems through
network technologies and the commissioning of control systems.
Sales of lighting and building management solutions, excluding services, accounted for approximately 99% of
total consolidated net sales for the Company in ﬁscal 2016, 2015, and 2014.
Sales and Marketing
Sales. The Company sells lighting and building management solutions to customers in the North American market
utilizing numerous sales forces, including internal direct salespeople and independent sales agencies, based on the
channel and geography served. The Company also operates separate European sales forces, including independent
international sales agencies and system integrators, and an international sales group coordinating export sales outside
of North America and Europe.
Marketing. The Company markets its portfolio and service capabilities to end users in multiple channels through
a broad spectrum of marketing and promotional methods, including direct customer contact, trade shows, on-site
training, print advertising in industry publications, product brochures and other literature, as well as the internet and
2