The management believes the following represent the Company’s critical accounting policies and estimates:
Revenue Recognition
The Company records revenue when the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement
exists, delivery has occurred, the Company’s price to the customer is fixed and determinable, and collectability is
reasonably assured. In the period of revenue recognition, provisions for certain rebates, sales incentives, product
returns, and discounts to customers are estimated and recorded, in most instances, as a reduction of revenue. The
Company also maintains one-time or on-going marketing and trade-promotion programs with certain customers that
require the Company to estimate and accrue the expected costs of such programs. These items are estimated based
on customer agreements, historical trends, and expected demand. Actual results could differ from estimates, which
would require adjustments to accrued amounts. See the Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies footnote of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about these assumptions and estimates.
Accounts Receivable
The Company records accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an allowance for estimated
uncollectible accounts to reﬂect losses anticipated on accounts receivable balances. The allowance is based on
historical write-offs, an analysis of past due accounts based on the contractual terms of the receivables, and economic
status of customers, if known. Management believes that the allowance is sufficient to cover uncollectible amounts;
however, there can be no assurance that unanticipated future business conditions of customers will not have a negative
impact on the Company’s results of operations.
Inventories
Inventories include materials, direct labor, in-bound freight, and related manufacturing overhead, and are stated
at the lower of cost (on a first-in, first-out or average-cost basis) or market. Management reviews inventory quantities
on hand and records a provision for excess or obsolete inventory primarily based on estimated future demand and
current market conditions. A significant change in customer demand, market conditions, or technology could render
certain inventory obsolete and thus could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s operating results in the
period the change occurs.
Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets
The Company reviews goodwill and indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis in the
ﬁscal fourth quarter or on an interim basis, if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not
indicate that the fair value of the goodwill and indeﬁnite-lived asset is below its carrying value. All other long-lived and
intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
the asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss for goodwill and indeﬁnite-lived intangibles would be recognized
based on the difference between the carrying value of the asset and its estimated fair value, which would be determined
based on either discounted future cash flows or other appropriate fair value methods. The evaluation of goodwill and
indeﬁnite-lived intangibles for impairment requires management to use signiﬁcant judgments and estimates in
accordance with U.S. GAAP including, but not limited to, economic, industry, and company-specific qualitative factors,
projected future net sales, operating results, and cash flows.
Although management currently believes that the estimates used in the evaluation of goodwill and indefinite-lived
intangibles are reasonable, differences between actual and expected net sales, operating results, and cash flows and/
or changes in the discount rate or theoretical royalty rate could cause these assets to be deemed impaired. If this were
to occur, the Company would be required to record a non-cash charge to earnings for the write-down in value of such
assets, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations and ﬁnancial position, but
not its cash ﬂows from operations.
Goodwill
The Company is comprised of one reporting unit with a goodwill balance of $947.8 as of August 31, 2016. The
Company utilized a qualitative assessment to determine the likelihood of impairment of goodwill as of June 1, 2016.
To do this, the Company identiﬁed and analyzed macroeconomic, industry, and company-speciﬁc factors. Additionally,
factors that most affect the fair value of the Company were compared to those used in the previous quantitative
impairment test to identify potentially signiﬁcant variances to further support the reasonableness of the assumptions.
Taking into consideration these factors, the Company estimated the potential change in the fair value of goodwill
compared with the previous quantitative impairment test. As a result of this analysis, management believes the estimated
30