arrangements are in place or in process, covering approximately 8,600 persons (including approximately 2,000 in the
United States). Union recognition and collective bargaining arrangements covering approximately 8,100 persons will
expire within the next ﬁscal year. The Company believes that it has a good relationship with both its unionized and
non-unionized employees.
Item 1a. Risk Factors
This filing contains fon/vard-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. A variety of risks and uncertainties could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from the
anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the Company’s fonNard-looking statements. See “Cautionary
Statement Regarding Fon/vard-Looking lnformation” included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. These risks include, without limitation:
Risks Related to Economic Factors
General business, political, and economic conditions, including the strength of the construction market,
political events, or other factors may affect demand for the Company’s products and services, which could
impact results of operations.
The Company competes based on such factors as name recognition and reputation, service, product features,
innovation, and price. In addition, the Company operates in a highly competitive environment that is inﬂuenced by a
number of general business and economic factors, such as economic vitality, employment levels, credit availability,
interest rates, trends in vacancy rates and rent values, energy costs, and commodity costs. Sales of lighting and building
management solutions depend signiﬁcantly on the level of activity in new construction and renovation/retroﬁts. Declines
in general economic activity, appropriations, and regulations, including tax policy, may negatively impact new
construction and renovation projects, which in turn may impact demand forthe Company’s product and service offerings.
The impact of these factors could adversely affect the Company’s ﬁnancial position, results of operations, and cash
ﬂows.
The Company’s results maybe adversely affected by fluctuations in the cost or availability of raw materials,
components, purchased finished goods, or services.
The Company utilizes a variety of raw materials and components in its production process including steel,
aluminum, lamps, certain rare earth materials, LEDs, LED drivers, ballasts, wire, electronic components, power supplies,
petroleum-based by-products, natural gas, and copper. The Company also sources certain ﬁnished goods externally.
Future increases in the costs of these items could adversely affect proﬁtability, as there can be no assurance that future
price increases will be successfully passed through to customers. The Company generally sources these goods from
a number of suppliers. However, there are a limited number of suppliers for certain components and certain purchased
ﬁnished goods, which on a limited basis results in sole-source supplier situations. Disruptions in the supply of those
items could negatively impact the Company’s performance. In addition, the Company's ongoing efforts to improve the
cost effectiveness of its products and services may result in a reduction in the number of its suppliers, and in turn,
increased risk associated with reliance on a single or limited number of suppliers. Furthermore, volatility in certain
commodities, such as oil, impacts all suppliers and, therefore, may cause the Company to experience signiﬁcant price
increases from time to time regardless of the number and availability of suppliers. Proﬁtability and volume could be
negatively impacted by limitations inherent within the supply chain of certain of these component parts, including
competitive, governmental, and legal limitations, natural disasters, and other events that could impact both supply and
price. Additionally, the Company is dependent on certain service providers for key operational functions. While there
are a number of suppliers of these services, the cost to change service providers and set up new processes could be
signiﬁcant. Variability in cost and availability of raw materials, components, purchased finished goods, or services
could adversely affect the Company’s ﬁnancial position, results of operations, and cash ﬂows.
Tight credit conditions could impair the ability of the Company and other industry parties to effectively
access capital markets, which could negatively impact the Company’s capital position and demand for the
Company’s products and services.
The impact of tight credit conditions could impair the ability of real estate developers, property owners, and
contractors to effectively access capital markets or obtain reasonable costs of capital on borrowed funds, resulting in
depressed levels of construction and renovation projects. The inability of these constituents to borrow money to fund
construction and renovation projects may reduce the demand for the Company’s products and services and could
adversely affect the Company’s ﬁnancial position, results of operations, and cash ﬂows.
6