Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9a. Controls and Procedures
Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to reasonably ensure
that information required to be disclosed in the reports ﬁled or submitted by the Company underthe Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time
periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s (“SEC”) rules and forms. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to reasonably ensure that information required
to be disclosed by the Company in the reports ﬁled under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to
management, including the principal executive ofﬁcer and principal financial ofﬁcer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure.
As required by SEC rules, the Company has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its
disclosure controls and procedures as of August 31, 2016. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and
with the participation of management, including the principal executive ofﬁcer and principal ﬁnancial ofﬁcer. Based on
this evaluation, these ofﬁcers have concluded that the design and operation of the Company’s disclosure controls and
procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of August 31, 2016. However, because all disclosure
procedures must rely to a significant degree on actions or decisions made by employees throughout the organization,
such as reporting of material events, the Company and its reporting officers believe that they cannot provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud or errors and omissions, if any, within the Company will be
detected. Limitations within any control system, including the Company’s control system, include faulty judgments in
decision-making or simple errors or mistakes. In addition, controls can be circumvented by an individual, by collusion
between two or more people, or by management override of the control. Because of these limitations, misstatements
due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected.
During fiscal 2016, the Company completed its acquisitions of Distech Controls Inc. ("Distech Controls") and
Juno Lighting LLC ("Juno Lighting"). SEC guidance permits management to omit an assessment of an acquired
business' internal control over ﬁnancial reporting from management's assessment of internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting for a period not to exceed one year from the date of the acquisition. Accordingly, management has not
assessed Distech Controls' or Juno Lighting's internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2016.
Management’s annual report on the Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting and the independent
registered public accounting firm’s attestation report are included in the Company’s 2016 Financial Statements in
Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, underthe headings, Management’s Reporton Internal Control overFinancial
Reporting and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm as it relates to Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.
Excluding the acquisitions, there have been no changes in the Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting
that occurred during the Company’s most recent completed ﬁscal quarterthat have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting.
The Company began integrating Distech Controls and Juno Lighting into its existing control procedures from the
date of acquisition. The Company does not anticipate the integration of the acquired companies to result in changes
that would materially affect its internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9b. Other Information
None.
81