Seasonality and Cyclicality
The Company’s business exhibits some seasonality, with net sales being affected by the impact of weather and
seasonal demand on construction and installation programs, particularly during the winter months, as well as the annual
budget cycles of major customers. Because of these seasonal factors, the Company has experienced, and generally
expects to experience, its highest sales in the last two quarters of each ﬁscal year.
The Company's lighting and building management solutions are sold to customers in both the new construction
and renovation and retrofit markets for residential and non-residential applications. The construction market is cyclical
in nature and subject to changes in general economic conditions. Sales volume has a major impact on the profitability
of the Company. Economic downturns and the potential decline in key construction markets may have a material
adverse effect on the net sales and operating income of the Company.
International Operations
The Company manufactures and assembles products at numerous facilities, some of which are located outside
the United States. Approximately 73% of the products produced by the Company are manufactured outside the United
States, primarily in Mexico and Europe. In addition, the Company sources certain ﬁnished goods from third parties
with operations outside the United States, primarily in Asia.
Of the products produced by the Company, approximately 70% are manufactured at six facilities in Mexico. These
facilities are authorized to operate as Maquiladoras by the Ministry of Economy of Mexico. Maquiladora status allows
the Company to import certain items from the United States into Mexico duty-free, provided that such items, after
processing, are exported from Mexico within a stipulated time frame. Maquiladora status, which is renewed periodically,
is subject to various restrictions and requirements, including compliance with the terms of the Maquiladora program
and other local regulations, which have become stricter in recent years.
During fiscal 2016, net sales initiated outside of the US. represented approximately 11% of total net sales. See
the Supplemental Disaggregated Information footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information regarding the geographic distribution of net sales, operating proﬁt, and long-lived assets.
Information Concerning Acuity Brands
The Company makes its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on
Form 8-K (and all amendments to these reports) and proxy statements, together with all reports ﬁled pursuant to
Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by the Company’s ofﬁcers, directors, and beneﬁcial owners of 10%
or more of the Company’s common stock, available free of charge through the “SEC Filings” link on the Company’s
website, located at wwvmacuitybrandscom, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are ﬁled with or furnished to
the SEC. Information included on the Company’s website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. The Company’s reports are also available at the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Public Reference
Room at 100 F. Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549 or on their website at WWW.sec.gov. You may obtain information
on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.
Additionally, the Company has adopted a written Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that applies to all of the
Company’s directors, ofﬁcers, and employees, including its principal executive officer and senior financial ofﬁcers. The
Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and the Company’s Corporate Governance Guidelines are available free of
charge through the “Corporate Governance” link on the Company’s website. Any amendments to, or waivers of, the
Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for our principal executive ofﬁcer and senior ﬁnancial officers will be disclosed
on our website promptly following the date of such amendment or waiver. Additionally, the Statement of Responsibilities
of Committees of the Board and the Statement of Rules and Procedures of Committees of the Board, which contain
the charters for the Company’s Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Governance Committee, and the
rules and procedures relating thereto, are available free of charge through the “Corporate Governance” link on the
Company’s website. Each of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, the Corporate Governance Guidelines, the
Statement of Responsibilities of Committees of the Board, and the Statement of Rules and Procedures of Committees
of the Board is available in print to any stockholder of the Company that requests such document by contacting the
Company’s Investor Relations department.
Employees
As of August 31, 2016, the Company employed approximately 11,800 associates, of which approximately 4,300
were employed in the United States, approximately 7,000 in Mexico, and approximately 500 in other international
locations, including Europe, Canada, and the Asia/Paciﬁc region. Union recognition and collective bargaining
5