social media. The Company operates training and display facilities in several locations throughout North America and
Europe designed to enhance the lighting knowledge of customers and industry professionals.
Customers
Customers of the Company include electrical distributors, system integrators, retail home improvement centers,
electric utilities, utility distributors, national accounts, value-added resellers, government entities and municipalities,
lighting showrooms, OEMs, and energy service companies. In addition, there are a variety of other professionals who
can represent a signiﬁcant inﬂuence in the product specification process for any given project. These generally include
building owners, federal, state, and local governments, contractors, engineers, architects, and lighting designers.
No single customer accounted for more than 10% of net sales in ﬁscal 2016. Asingle customer of the Company,
The Home Depot, accounted for approximately 11% and 12% of net sales in ﬁscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. These
sales include products for resale as well as for lighting its facilities.
Manufacturing and Distribution
The Company operates 20 manufacturing facilities, including nine facilities in the United States, six facilities in
Mexico, three facilities in Europe, and two in Canada. The Company utilizes a blend of internal and outsourced
manufacturing processes and capabilities to fulﬁll a variety of customer needs in the most cost-effective manner. Certain
critical processes, such as reﬁector forming and anodizing, high-end glass production, surface mount circuit board
production, and assembly are performed (not exclusively) at company-operated facilities, offering the ability to
differentiate products through superior capabilities. Other components, such as lamps, LEDs, certain LED light engines,
sockets, and ballasts are purchased primarily from third-party vendors. The Company’s investment in its production
facilities is focused primarily on improving capabilities, product quality, and manufacturing efﬁciency as well as
environmental, health, and safety compliance. The Company also utilizes contract manufacturing from U.S., Asian,
and European sources for certain products. Of total ﬁnished goods manufactured and purchased in fiscal 2016, the
Company’s U.S. operations produced approximately 22%, its Mexican operations produced approximately 57%, its
European operations produced approximately 3%, and finished product manufactured by others accounted for
approximately 18%.
Lighting and building management solutions are delivered directly from manufacturing facilities or through a
network of strategically located distribution centers, regional warehouses, and commercial warehouses in North
America using both common carriers and a company-managed truck fleet. For international customers, distribution
methods are adapted to meet individual customer or country requirements.
Research and Development
Research and development (“R&D”) is defined as the critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge
and the conversion of that knowledge into the design of a new product or signiﬁcant improvement to an existing product.
The Company invests in the development of new products and solutions as well as the enhancement of existing
offerings with a focus on improving the performance-to-cost ratio and energy efﬁciency. The Company also develops
software applications and capabilities to enhance data analytics offerings. R&D expenses consist of compensation,
payroll taxes, employee benefits, materials, supplies, and other administrative costs, but do not include all new product
development costs. For ﬁscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, research and development expense totaled $47.1, $41.1, and
$35.3, respectively.
Competition
The Company experiences competition based on numerous factors, including features and benefits, brand name
recognition, product quality, product and system design, energy efficiency, customer relationships, service capabilities,
and price. The market for lighting and building management solutions and services is competitive and continues to
evolve. Certain global and more diversiﬁed electrical manufacturers may provide a broader product offering utilizing
electrical, lighting, and building management products as well as pricing beneﬁts from the bundling of various offerings.
In addition, there have been a growing number of new competitors, from small startup companies to global electronics
and software companies, offering new technologies.
3