software and services, to provide a host of other economic benefits resulting from data analytics that enables the
“Internet of Things” (loT) and supports the advancement of smart buildings, smart cities, and the smart grid. As a
results-oriented, customer-centric company, management will continue to align the unique capabilities and resources
of the organization to drive proﬁtable growth through a keen focus on providing comprehensive and differentiated
lighting and building management solutions for its customers, driving world-class cost efficiency, and leveraging a
culture of continuous improvement.
Throughout ﬁscal 2016, the Company believes it made significant progress towards achieving its strategic
objectives, including expanding its access to the market, expanding its addressable market, introducing new lighting
and building management solutions, and enhancing its operations to create a stronger, more effective organization.
The strategic objectives were developed to enable the Company to meet or exceed the following financial goals during
an entire business cycle:
- Operating proﬁt margin in the mid-teens or higher;
- Diluted earnings per share growth in excess of 15% per annum;
- Return on stockholders’ equity of 20% or better per annum; and
- Cash ﬂow from operations, less capital expenditures, that is in excess of net income.
To increase the probability of the Company achieving these ﬁnancial goals, management will continue to implement
programs to enhance its capabilities at providing unparalleled customer service; creating a globally competitive cost
structure; improving productivity; and introducing new and innovative solutions and services more rapidly and cost
effectively. In addition, the Company has invested considerable resources to teach and train associates to utilize tools
and techniques that accelerate success in these key areas, as well as to create a culture that demands excellence
through continuous improvement. Additionally, the Company promotes a “pay-for-performance” culture that rewards
various levels of year over year improvement, while closely monitoring appropriate risk-taking. The expected outcome
of these activities will be to better position the Company to deliver on its full potential, to provide a platform for future
growth opportunities, and to allow the Company to achieve its long-term ﬁnancial goals. See the Outlook section below
for additional information.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
The Company's principle sources of liquidity are operating cash flows generated primarily from its business
operations, cash on hand, and various sources of borrowings. The ability of the Company to generate sufficient cash
ﬂow from operations or to access certain capital markets, including banks, is necessary to fund its operations and
capital expenditures, pay dividends, meet its obligations as they become due, and maintain compliance with covenants
contained in its ﬁnancing agreements.
In recent years, the Company strengthened its liquidity position and extended its debt maturity profile following
the issuance of $350.0 of senior unsecured notes due in ﬁscal 2020 (the “Notes”) and the execution of a $250.0
revolving credit facility scheduled to mature in ﬁscal 2019 (the “Revolving Credit Facility”). See the Capitalization section
below and the Debt and Lines of Creditfootnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information.
Based on its cash on hand, availability under existing financing arrangements, and current projections of cash
ﬂow from operations, the Company believes that it will be able to meet its liquidity needs over the next 12 months.
Short-term needs are expected to include funding its operations as currently planned, making anticipated capital
investments, funding potential acquisitions, paying quarterly stockholder dividends as currently anticipated, paying
interest on borrowings as currently scheduled, and making required contributions into its employee benefit plans, as
well as potentially repurchasing shares of its outstanding common stock as authorized by the Board of Directors. Two
million shares of the Company’s common stock are currently authorized and available for repurchase underthe existing
repurchase program. The Company expects to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis. During ﬁscal 2017, the
Company currently expects to invest approximately 2.5% of net sales in capital expenditures primarily for equipment,
tooling, facility enhancements, and new and enhanced information technology capabilities. Additionally, management
believes that the Company's cash flow from operations and sources of funding, including, but not limited to, borrowing
capacity, will sufﬁciently support the long-term liquidity needs of the Company.
Cash Flow
The Company uses available cash and cash flow from operations, as well as proceeds from the exercise of stock
options, to fund operations and capital expenditures, repurchase Company stock, fund acquisitions, and pay dividends.
The Company’s cash position atAugust 31,2016 was $413.2, a decrease of $343.6 from August 31,2015. During
the year ended August 31, 2016, the Company generated net cash from operating activities of $345.7 with additional
20