ACUITY BRANDS, INC
7 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) i
Accounting for Fiscal 2016 Acquisitions
The operating results of these acquisitions have been included in the Company's consolidated ﬁnancial statements
since the respective dates of acquisition. Acquisition-related costs were expensed as incurred. Preliminary amounts
related to the acquisition accounting for these investments are reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
August 31, 2016. The aggregate consideration of these acquisitions was preliminarily allocated as follows:
I Consideration ‘
Cash paid, net of cash acquired $ 623.2
[Shares issued from Treasury Stock 7 10.0‘
Total Purchase Price 77$ 633.277
l l
Allocation
[Goodwill $ 381.5 l
Intangible assets:
] Customer-based1 102.3 ‘
Marketing-related2 42.3
I Technology-based3 39.3 ‘
[Property and equipment 63.1 ‘
Other assets acquired 120.5
[Deferred tax liabilities (58.3):
Other liabilities assumed 7 (57.5),
J :$ 6332‘
(1) Customer-based intangibles have useful lives between 12 and 20 years, with a weighted average amortization period of
approximately 17 years.
(2) Marketing-related intangibles are considered indeﬁnite-lived.
(3) Technology-based intangibles have useful lives between ﬁve and 10 years, with a weighted average amortization period of
approximately 8 years.
These amounts are deemed to be provisional until disclosed otherwise, as the Company continues to gather
information related to the identiﬁcation and valuation of intangible and other acquired assets and liabilities. These
amounts are expected to change as the Company finalizes the allocation.
Proforma results of operations have not been presented because the effects of these acquisitions, individually
and in the aggregate, were not material to the Company's consolidated results of operations. The acquisitions
represented less than 10% of net sales and pre-tax income on a proforma basis (assuming acquisition transactions
were completed as of September 1, 2014) for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited).
Goodwill recognized in these acquisitions is comprised primarily of expected beneﬁts related to expanding the
Company’s solutions portfolio, including software and services, to provide a host of economic beneﬁts resulting from
data analytics that enables the Internet of Things (loT) and supports the advancement of smart buildings, smart cities,
and the smart grid as well as the trained workforce acquired with these businesses and expected synergies from
combining the operations of the Company and the acquired businesses. Goodwill from these acquisitions totaling $6.0
is tax deductible.
Fiscal 2015 Acquisition and Investment
On April 15, 2015, using cash on hand, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain
liabilities of ByteLight, Inc. (“ByteLight”), a provider of indoor location software for light-emitting diode (“LED”) lighting.
The operating results of ByteLight have been included in the Company’s consolidated ﬁnancial statements since the
date of acquisition. Management ﬁnalized the acquisition accounting for ByteLight during the fourth quarter of ﬁscal
2015 and the amounts are reﬂected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
52