Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Acuity Brands, Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Acuity Brands, Inc. as of August 31, 2016
and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, cash ﬂows, and stockholders’ equity
for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2016. Our audits also included the ﬁnancial statement
schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a). These consolidated ﬁnancial statements and schedule are the responsibility
of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated ﬁnancial statements
and schedule based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the ﬁnancial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the ﬁnancial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall ﬁnancial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the ﬁnancial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
ﬁnancial position of Acuity Brands, Inc. at August 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2016, in conformity with US. generally
accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in
relation to the basic ﬁnancial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set
forth therein.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States), Acuity Brands, |nc.’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of August 31, 2016, based on criteria
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) and our report dated October 27, 2016 expressed an unqualiﬁed opinion
thereon.
ls/ Ernst & Young LLP
Atlanta, Georgia
October 27, 2016
37