ACUITY BRANDS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in millions, except per-share data and as indicated)
1. Description of Business and Basis of Presentation
Acuity Brands, Inc. (“Acuity Brands”) is the parent company of Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc. (“ABL”) and other
subsidiaries (Acuity Brands, ABL, and such other subsidiaries are collectively referred to herein as the "Company”).
The Company designs, produces, and distributes a broad array of lighting and building management solutions and
services for commercial, institutional, industrial, infrastructure, and residential applications for various markets
throughout North America and select international markets. The Company's lighting and building management solutions
include devices such as luminaires, lighting controls,controllers for various building systems, power supplies, prismatic
skylights, and drivers, as well as integrated systems designed to optimize energy efﬁciency and comfort for various
indoor and outdoor applications. The Company has one reportable segment serving the North American lighting market
and select international markets.
The Company does not consider acquisitions a critical element of its strategy, but seeks opportunities to expand
and enhance its portfolio of solutions, including the following transactions:
On June 30, 2016, using cash on hand and treasury stock, the Company acquired DGLogik, Inc. ("DGLogik"), a
provider of innovative software solutions that enable and visualize the Internet of Things. DGLogik's solutions provide
users with the intelligence to better manage energy usage and improve facility performance. DGLogik is headquartered
in the San Francisco Bay Area, California.
On December 10, 2015, using cash on hand, the Company acquired Juno Lighting LLC ("Juno Lighting"), a
leading provider of downlighting and track lighting ﬁxtures for both residential and commercial applications. Juno
Lighting is headquartered in Des Plaines, Illinois.
On December 9, 2015, using cash on hand, the Company acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities
of Geometri, LLC ("Geometri"), a provider of a software and services platform for mapping, navigation, and analytics.
On September 1, 2015, using cash on hand, the Company acquired Distech Controls Inc. ("Distech Controls"),
a provider of building automation solutions that allow for the integration of lighting, HVAC, access control, closed circuit
television, and related systems. Distech Controls is headquartered in Quebec, Canada.
During the quarter ended May 31, 2015, using cash on hand, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets
and assumed certain liabilities of ByteLight, Inc. (“ByteLight”), a provider of indoor location software for light-emitting
diode (“LED”) lighting. ByteLight is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.
The operating results of these acquisitions have been included in the Company’s consolidated ﬁnancial statements
since the respective dates of acquisition.
In addition, during ﬁscal 2015, the Company made a strategic, non-controlling investment in a company
specializing in light sensory networks. This investment was accounted for using the cost method and is reﬂected in
Other long term assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared by the Company in accordance with US. generally
accepted accounting principles (“US GAAP”) and present the ﬁnancial position, results of operations, and cash ﬂows
of Acuity Brands and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. References made to years are for fiscal year periods, unless noted
otherwise.
2. Significant Accounting Policies
Principles of Consolidation
The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Acuity Brands and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
after elimination of intercompany transactions and accounts.
Revenue Recognition
The Company records revenue when the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
delivery has occurred, the Company’s price to the customer is ﬁxed and determinable, and collectability is reasonably
43