Item 3. Legal Proceedings
General
The Company is subject to various legal claims arising in the normal course of business, including, but not limited
to, patent infringement, product liability claims, and employment matters. The Company is self-insured up to speciﬁed
limits for certain types of claims, including product liability, and is fully self-insured for certain other types of claims,
including environmental, product recall, and patent infringement. Based on information currently available, it is the
opinion of management that the ultimate resolution of pending and threatened legal proceedings will not have a material
adverse effect on the ﬁnancial condition, results of operations, or cash ﬂows of the Company. However, in the event
of unexpected future developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of any such matters, if unfavorable, could
have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations, or cash ﬂows of the Company in future
periods. The Company establishes reserves for legal claims when the costs associated with the claims become probable
and can be reasonably estimated. The actual costs of resolving legal claims may be substantially higher than the
amounts reserved for such claims. However, the Company cannot make a meaningful estimate of actual costs to be
incurred that could possibly be higher or lower than the amounts reserved.
Environmental Matters
The operations of the Company are subject to numerous comprehensive laws and regulations relating to the
generation, storage, handling, transportation, and disposal of hazardous substances, as well as solid and hazardous
wastes, and to the remediation of contaminated sites. In addition, permits and environmental controls are required for
certain of the Company’s operations to limit air and water pollution, and these permits are subject to modification,
renewal, and revocation by issuing authorities. On an ongoing basis, the Company invests capital and incurs operating
costs relating to environmental compliance. Environmental laws and regulations have generally become stricter in
recent years. The cost of responding to future changes may be substantial. The Company establishes reserves for
known environmental claims when the costs associated with the claims become probable and can be reasonably
estimated. The actual cost of environmental issues may be substantially higher than that reserved due to difﬁculty in
estimating such costs.
15