PART I
Item 1. Business
(55 in millions, except per-share data and as indicated)
Overview
Acuity Brands, Inc. (“Acuity Brands”) is the parent company of Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc. (“ABL”) and other
subsidiaries (Acuity Brands, ABL, and such other subsidiaries are collectively referred to herein as the "Company”),
and was incorporated in 2001 under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Company is one of the world’s leading
providers of lighting and building management solutions for commercial, institutional, industrial, infrastructure, and
residential applications throughout North America and select international markets. The Company’s lighting and building
management solutions vary from individual devices to intelligent network systems. Individual devices include luminaires,
lighting controls, lighting components, controllers for various building systems (including HVAC, lighting, shades and
access control), power supplies, and prismatic skylights. Among other benefits, intelligent network systems can optimize
energy efficiency and comfort as well as enhance the occupant experience for various indoor and outdoor applications,
all the while reducing operating costs. Additionally, the Company continues to expand its solutions portfolio, including
software and services, to provide a host of other economic benefits resulting from data analytics that enables the
“Internet of Things” ("loT") and supports the advancement of smart buildings, smart cities, and the smart grid.
As a results-driven, customer-centric company, management continues to align the unique capabilities and
resources of the organization to drive proﬁtable growth by providing comprehensive, differentiated, and integrated
lighting and building management solutions for customers, driving world-class cost efficiency, and leveraging a culture
of operational excellence through continuous improvement.
Lighting and building management solutions vary significantly in terms of functionality and performance and are
selected based on a customer's speciﬁcation, including the aesthetic desires and performance requirements for a given
application. The Company’s lighting and building management solutions are marketed under numerous brand names,
including but not limited to Lithonia Lighting®, Holophane®, Peerless®, Gotham®, Mark Architectural LightingT'V',
V\ﬁnona® Lighting, Juno®, lndyT'V', AccuLite®, AculuxT'V', Healthcare Lighting®, Hydrel®, American Electric Lighting®,
Carandini®, Antique Street LampsT'V', Sunoptics®, RELOC® V\ﬁring Solutions, eldoLED®, Distech Controls®, and
Acuity ControlsT'V'. As of August 31, 2016, the Company manufactures products in 17 facilities in North America and
three facilities in Europe.
Principal customers include electrical distributors, system integrators, retail home improvement centers, electric
utilities, lighting showrooms, national accounts, and energy service companies located in North America and select
international markets serving new construction, renovation, and maintenance and repair applications. In North America,
the Company’s lighting and building management solutions are sold primarily by independent sales agents, electrical
distributors, system integrators, and sales representatives who cover specific geographic areas and market channels.
Products are delivered directly or through a network of distribution centers, regional warehouses, and commercial
warehouses using both common carriers and a company-managed truck fleet. To serve international customers, the
sales forces utilize a variety of distribution methods to meet speciﬁc individual customer or country requirements. In
ﬁscal 2016, sales originated in North America accounted for approximately 96% of net sales. See the Supplemental
Disaggregated Information footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information concerning
the domestic and international net sales of the Company. The Company has one reportable segment serving the North
American and select international lighting and building management markets.
Industry Overview
Based on industry sources and government information, the Company estimates that in fiscal 2016 the size of
the North American lighting and building management solutions market served by the Company (also referred to herein
as “addressable market”) was approximately $19 billion and includes non-portable luminaires (as defined bythe National
Electrical Manufacturers Association), poles for outdoor lighting, emergency lighting fixtures, daylighting, lighting
controls, as well as building management controllers and systems. This market estimate is based on a combination
of external industry data and internal estimates, and excludes portable and vehicular lighting fixtures and certain related
lighting components, such as lighting ballasts and most lamps. A source of demand for the lighting and building
management industry is attributed to the renovation and retrofit of less efﬁcient lighting and building management
systems. While the precise size of the North American market is not known, the Company estimates the potential size
of the installed base of lighting and building management solutions to be well in excess of $500 billion.
The Company operates in a highly competitive industry that is affected by volatility from a number of general
business and economic factors, such as gross domestic product growth, employment levels, credit availability, energy
costs, and commodity costs. The Company’s market is based on residential and non-residential construction, both
1