PART I"
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
The information required by this item, with respect to directors and corporate governance, is included under the
captions Item 1 — Election of Directors and Information Concerning the Board and Its Committees of the Company’s
proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held January 6, 2017, to be ﬁled with the Commission
pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference.
The information required by this item, with respect to executive officers, will be included under the caption
Executive Ofﬁcers of the Company’s proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held January 6,
2017, to be ﬁled with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference.
The information required by this item, with respect to beneﬁcial ownership reporting, will be included under the
caption Section 16(a) Beneﬁcial Ownership Reporting Compliance of the Company’s proxy statement for the annual
meeting of stockholders to be held January 6, 2017, to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and
is incorporated herein by reference.
The information required by this item, with respect to the code of ethics, will be included under the caption
Questions and Answers about Communications, Governance, and Company Documents of the Company’s proxy
statement forthe annual meeting of stockholders to be held January 6, 2017, to be ﬁled with the Commission pursuant
to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
The information required by this item will be included under the captions Compensation of Directors, Information
Concerning the Board and Its Committees, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, Report of
the Compensation Committee, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Fiscal 2016 Summary Compensation Table,
Fiscal 2016 Grants of Plan-Based Awards, Outstanding EquityAwards at Fiscal 2016 Year-End, Option Exercises and
Stock Vested in Fiscal 2016, Pension Beneﬁts in Fiscal 2016, Fiscal 2016 Nonqualiﬁed Deferred Compensation,
EmploymentArrangements, Potential Payments upon Termination, and Equity Compensation Plans of the Company’s
proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held January 6, 2017, to be ﬁled with the Commission
pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters
The information required by this item will be included under the captions Beneﬁcial Ownership of the Company’s
Securities and Equity Compensation Plans of the Company’s proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders
to be held January 6, 2017, to be ﬁled with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein
by reference.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The information required by this item will be included under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Party
Transactions of the Company’s proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held January 6, 2017,
to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services
The information required by this item will be included under the caption Fees Billed by Independent Registered
PublicAccounting Firm ofthe Company’s proxy statement forthe annual meeting of stockholders to be held January 6,
2017, to be ﬁled with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference.
82