The Company is also subject to an increasing number of data privacy laws and regulations that prohibit certain
transfers of data, including but not limited to transfers within and outside the Company from certain jurisdictions to
others. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in the imposition of ﬁnes, penalties and other
costs. The legal and regulatory data privacy framework is evolving and uncertain. For example, the European Court
of Justice’s decision in October 2015 to invalidate the Safe Harbor data privacy program between the United States
and the European Union could disrupt the Company's ability to transfer data from Europe to the United States in
compliance with applicable law.
Operating system failures, ineffective system implementation or disruptions, failure to comply with data privacy
laws or regulations, or the compromise of security with respect to internal or external operating systems or portable
electronic devices could subject the Company to liability claims, harm the Company’s reputation, interrupt the
Company’s operations, disrupt customer operations, and adversely affect the Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting, business, ﬁnancial condition, results of operations, or cash ﬂows.
Changes in the Company's relationship with employees, changes in us. or international employment
regulations, an inability to attract and retain talented employees, or a loss of key employees could adversely
impact the effectiveness of the Company’s operations.
The Company employed approximately 11,800 people as of August 31, 2016, approximately 7,500 of whom are
employed in international locations. As such, the Company has signiﬁcant exposure to changes in domestic and foreign
laws governing relationships with employees, including wage and hour laws and regulations, fair labor standards,
minimum wage requirements, overtime pay, unemployment tax rates, workers' compensation rates, citizenship
requirements, and payroll taxes, which likely would have a direct impact on the Company's operating costs. Union
recognition and collective bargaining agreements are in place or in process covering approximately 73% of the
Company's workforce. Collective bargaining agreements representing approximately 69% of the Company's workforce
will expire within one year. While the Company believes that it has good relationships with both its unionized and non-
unionized employees, the Company may become vulnerable to a strike, work stoppage, or other labor action by these
employees that could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, ﬁnancial condition, results of operations, or
cash flows.
The Company relies upon the knowledge and experience of employees involved in functions throughout the
organization that require technical expertise and knowledge of the industry. An inability to attract and retain such
employees could adversely impact the Company’s ability to execute key operational functions and could adversely
affect the Company’s operations.
There are inherent risks in our solutions and services businesses.
Risks inherent in the sale of solutions and services include assuming greater responsibility for successfully
delivering projects that meet a particular customer speciﬁcation, including defining and controlling contract scope and
timing, efficiently executing projects, and managing the performance and quality of the Company’s subcontractors and
suppliers. As the Company expands its service offerings, reliance on the technical infrastructure to provide services
to customers will increase. If the Company fails to appropriately manage and secure the technical infrastructure required,
customers could experience service outages or delays in implementation of services. If the Company is unable to
manage and mitigate these risks, the Company could incur liabilities and other losses that would adversely affect the
Company’s results of operations.
Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters
The Company is subject to a broad range of standards, laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which
it operates, and the Company may be exposed to substantial disruptions, costs and liabilities associated with
the failure to comply with such standards, laws, and regulations.
The Company is subject to a broad range of standards, laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which the
Company operates which could result in increased costs or liabilities or adversely impact the Company's ability to sell
its products and solutions. These laws and regulations impose increasingly complex, stringent and costly compliance
activities, including but not limited to environmental, health, and safety protection standards and permitting, labeling
and other requirements regarding, among other things, electronic and wireless communications, air emissions,
wastewater discharges, the use, handling, and disposal of hazardous or toxic materials, the remediation of
environmental contamination, and working conditions for the Company’s employees. Some environmental laws, such
as Superfund, the Clean Water Act, and comparable laws in US. states and other jurisdictions world-wide, impose
joint and several liability for the cost of environmental remediation, natural resource damages, third party claims, and
10