or declining growth. Management continues to position the Company to optimize short-term performance while investing
in and deploying resources for long-term proﬁtable growth opportunities.
During fiscal 2016, the Company recorded a pre-tax special charge of $15.0 for actions initiated to streamline the
organization, including the integration of recent acquisitions. These streamlining activities include the consolidation of
selected production activities and realignment certain responsibilities, primarily within various selling, distribution, and
administrative departments. Management expects to realize annual savings equal to at least twice the amount of the
charge and to achieve the full annualized run-rate by the end of the second quarter of fiscal 201 7. Management expects
to incur additional costs associated with these and potential future integration and streamlining activities in ﬁscal 2017.
Overall, the economy in North America and certain markets the Company serves in Europe continue to move
along at a measured, but sometimes inconsistent pace. The 2016 US. presidential election and other events, such
as the United Kingdom’s referendum vote to exit the European Union, continue to create uncertainty and volatility. This
uncertainty and volatility has the potential to affect consumer and business sentiment which in turn could negatively
impact global economic activity. This notwithstanding, management remains bullish regarding the Company’s prospects
for continued future proﬁtable growth. Management expects the growth rate for lighting and building management
solutions in the North American market, which includes renovation and retroﬁt activity and comprises approximately
96% percent of the Company’s revenues, will be in the mid-to-upper single digit range for ﬁscal 2017 based on third-
party forecasts and other key leading indicators. The Company’s order rates through the month of September seem
to reflect this favorable trend. In addition to the projected growth in the Company’s primary end-markets, management
believes that the Company should benefit from recent acquisitions, further growth from the introduction of new lighting
and building automation solutions, and expansion in underpenetrated geographies and channels.
From a longer term perspective, management expects that the Company’s addressable markets will experience
solid growth over the next decade, particularly as energy and environmental concerns come to the forefront along with
emerging opportunities for digital lighting to play a key role in the "Internet of Things" (loT) through the use of intelligent
networked lighting and building automation systems that can collect and exchange data to increase efficiency as well
as provide a host of other economic benefits resulting from data analytics. Management remains positive about the
future prospects of the Company and its ability to outperform the markets it serves.
Accounting Standards Adopted in Fiscal 2016 and Accounting Standards Yet to Be Adopted
See the New Accounting Pronouncements footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
information on recently adopted and upcoming standards.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations addresses the ﬁnancial
condition and results of operations as reﬂected in the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with US. GAAP. As discussed in the Description of Business and Basis ofPresentation footnote
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the preparation ofﬁnancial statements in conformity with US. GAAP
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the ﬁnancial statements and reported amounts of
revenue and expense during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates and
judgments, including those related to revenue recognition; accounts receivable; inventory valuation; depreciation,
amortization and the recoverability of long-lived assets, including goodwill and intangible assets; share-based
compensation expense; medical, product warranty, and other reserves; income taxes; retirement benefits; litigation;
and environmental matters. Management bases its estimates and judgments on its substantial historical experience
and other relevant factors, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Management discusses the development of accounting estimates with the Company’s Audit Committee. See the
Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of the
accounting policies of the Company.
29