fair value of the reporting unit continues to exceed its carrying value by a substantial margin and does not represent
a more likely than not possibility of potential impairment. The goodwill analysis did not result in an impairment charge.
Indeﬁnite-Lived Intangible Assets
The Company’s indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets consist of seven trade names with an aggregate carrying value
of approximately $135.0. Management utilized significant assumptions to estimate the fair value of these indefinite-
lived trade names using a fair value model based on discounted future cash ﬂows (“fair value model”) in accordance
with US. GAAP. Future cash flows associated with each of the Company’s indeﬁnite-lived trade names are calculated
by applying a theoretical royalty rate a willing third party would pay for use of the particular trade name to estimated
future net sales. The present value of the resulting after-tax cash flow is management’s current estimate of the fair
value of the trade names. This fair value model requires management to make several signiﬁcant assumptions, including
estimated future net sales (including short and long-term growth rates), the royalty rate, and the discount rate.
Future net sales and short-term growth rates are estimated for each particulartrade name based on management’s
ﬁnancial forecasts, which consider key business drivers, such as specific revenue growth initiatives, market share
changes, expected growth in non-residential and residential construction markets, and general economic factors, such
as credit availability and interest rates. The long-term growth rate used in determining terminal value is estimated at
3.0% for the Company and is based primarily on the Company’s understanding of projections for expected long-term
growth in non-residential construction, the Company’s key market, and historical long-term performance. The theoretical
royalty rate is estimated primarily using management’s assumptions regarding the amount a willing third party would
pay to use the particular trade name and is compared with market information for similar intellectual property within
and outside of the industry. Differences between expected and actual results can result in signiﬁcantly different
valuations. If future operating results are unfavorable compared with forecasted amounts, the Company may be required
to reduce the theoretical royalty rate used in the fair value model. Areduction in the theoretical royalty rate would result
in lower expected future after-tax cash flows in the valuation model. The Company utilized a range of estimated discount
rates between 9% and 16% as of June 1, 2016, based on the Capital Asset Pricing Model, which considers the updated
risk-free interest rate, beta, market risk premium, and entity specific size premium.
During ﬁscal 2016, the Company performed an evaluation of the fair values of its indefinite-lived trade names.
The Company’s expected revenues are based on the Company’s fiscal 2017 expectations and recent lighting market
growth estimates forfiscal 2017 through 2021 . The Company also included revenue growth estimates based on current
initiatives expected to help the Company improve performance. During fiscal 2016, estimated theoretical royalty rates
ranged between 1% and 4%. During ﬁscal 2016, management began to rationalize the Company's portfolio of brands,
resulting in the initiation of the phase out of one of the trade names. The Company recognized an impairment charge
of $5.1 related to this trade name and concluded the trade name is deﬁnite-lived. The indefinite-lived intangible asset
analysis did not result in any other impairment charges, as the fair values exceeded the carrying values for each of
the other trade names. The estimated fair values of the indefinite-lived intangible assets exceed the carrying values
by such a signiﬁcant amount that any reasonably likely change in the assumptions used in the analyses, including
revenue growth rates, royalty rates, and discount rates, would not cause the carrying values to exceed the estimated
fair values as determined by the fair value analyses. The Company determined that any estimated potential impairment
related to the trade names based on changes in the assumptions, which would be less likely to occur, would not be
material to the Company’s financial condition or results of operations.
Definite-Lived Intangible Assets
The Company evaluates the remaining useful lives of its definite-lived intangible assets on an annual basis in
the ﬁscal fourth quarter or on an interim basis, if an event occurs or circumstances change that would warrant a revision
to the remaining period of amortization. The Company considers each reporting period whether an event occurred or
circumstances changed that would more likely than not indicate that the fair value of the definite-lived asset is below
its carrying value. The Company noted no such events or changes during fiscal 2016 or 2015.
Self-Insurance
The Company self-insures, up to certain limits, traditional risks including workers’ compensation, comprehensive
general liability, and auto liability. A provision for claims under this self-insured program, based on the Company’s
estimate of the aggregate liability for claims incurred, is revised and recorded annually. The estimate is derived from
both internal and external sources including, but not limited to, the Company’s independent actuary. The actuarial
estimates are subject to uncertainty from various sources including, among others, changes in claim reporting patterns,
claim settlement patterns, judicial decisions, legislation, and economic conditions. Although the Company believes that
the actuarial estimates are reasonable, signiﬁcant differences related to the items noted above could materially aﬁect
the Company’s self-insurance obligations, future expense, and cash flow. The Company is also self-insured up to
31