The Company may not be able to adequately protect its intellectual property.
The Company owns certain patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property. In
addition, the Company continues to file patent applications, when appropriate. The Company cannot be certain that
others have not and will not infringe on its intellectual property rights; however, the Company seeks to establish and
protect those rights, which could result in signiﬁcant legal expenses and adversely affect the Company's ﬁnancial
condition and results of operations.
Compliance with reporting requirements related to the use of conflict minerals, within the meaning of the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, may result in additional expense, supply chain
limitations, or loss of customers.
In July 2010, the United States federal government enacted the Dodd—Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act, which contained provisions regarding the use of certain minerals, including cassiterite, wolframite,
coltan, and gold (collectively, "Conflict Minerals"), sourced from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining
countries. In August 2012, the SEC adopted annual reporting requirements for public companies that use Conﬂict
Minerals. The number of suppliers who provide conﬂict-free minerals may be limited, which could have an adverse
effect on the Company’s ability to source these products at competitive prices and in sufficient quantities in the future.
In addition, due to the complexity and sophistication of the Company's supply chain, compliance with the reporting
requirements involves signiﬁcant efforts and may increase costs. In addition, pressure from customers for more
information or due diligence could result in increased costs or potentially the loss of certain customers.
Risks Related to Other Factors
The Company may be subject to risk in connection with third party relationships necessary to operate the
Company's business.
The Company utilizes strategic partners and third party relationships in order to operate and grow its business.
For instance, the Company utilizes third parties to contract manufacture certain products, as well as perform certain
selling, distribution, and administrative functions. The Company cannot control the actions or performance of these
third parties and therefore, cannot be certain that the Company or its end-users will be satisﬁed. Any future actions of
or any failure to act by any third party on which the Company’s business relies could cause the Company to incur
losses or interruptions in its operations and adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations.
The Company is subject to risks related to operations outside the United States.
The Company has substantial activities outside of the United States, including sourcing of products, materials,
components and purchased ﬁnished goods. The Company’s operations, as well as those of key vendors, are therefore
subject to regulatory, economic, political, military, and other events in countries where these operations are located,
particularly Mexico. In addition to the risks that are common to both the Company’s domestic and international
operations, the Company faces risks specifically related to its foreign operations, including but not limited to: foreign
currency ﬂuctuations; unstable political, social, regulatory, economic, ﬁnancial, and market conditions; laws that prohibit
shipments to certain countries or restricted parties and that prohibit improper payments to government ofﬁcials such
as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK. Bribery Act; potential for privatization and other conﬁscatory actions;
trade restrictions and disruption; criminal activities; unforeseen increases in tariffs and taxes; corruption; and other
changes in regulation in international jurisdictions that could result in substantial additional legal or compliance
obligations for the Company. The Company operates six manufacturing facilities in Mexico, which are authorized to
operate as Maquiladoras by the Ministry of Economy of Mexico. Maquiladora status allows the Company to import
certain items from the United States into Mexico duty-free, provided that such items, after processing, are exported
from Mexico within a stipulated time frame. Maquiladora status, which is renewed periodically, is subject to various
restrictions and requirements, including compliance with the terms of the Maquiladora program and other local
regulations, which have become stricter in recent years.
Certain regulations related to the Maquiladora program became effective in January 2015. Failure to comply
with these new regulations could adversely affect the Company’s ﬁnancial position, results of operations, and cash
ﬂows primarily because the Company would in such event be required to pay value-added tax on material imported
into Mexico and then seek a refund of those amounts months later after the material is exported from Mexico.
The Company is also subject to certain other laws and regulations affecting its international operations, including
laws and regulations such as the North American Free Trade Agreement which, among other things, provide certain
beneﬁcial duties and tariffs for qualifying imports and exports, subject to compliance with the applicable classiﬁcation
and other requirements. The evolution of the Company’s products, complexity of its supply chain, and historical reliance
12