Environmental Regulation
The operations of the Company are subject to numerous comprehensive laws and regulations relating to the
generation, storage, handling, transportation, and disposal of hazardous substances, as well as solid and hazardous
wastes, and to the remediation of contaminated sites. In addition, permits and environmental controls are required for
certain of the Company’s operations to limit air and water pollution, and these permits are subject to modification,
renewal, and revocation by issuing authorities. On an ongoing basis, the Company allocates resources, including
investments in capital and operating costs relating to environmental compliance. Environmental laws and regulations
have generally become stricter in recent years, and federal, state, and local governments domestically and
internationally are considering new laws and regulations, including those governing raw material composition, air
emissions, end-of—life product dispositions, and energy efficiency. The Company is not aware of any pending legislation
or proposed regulation related to environmental issues that would have a material adverse effect on the Company.
The cost of responding to future changes, however, may be substantial.
Raw Materials
The products produced by the Company require certain raw materials, including certain grades of steel and
aluminum, electrical and electronic components, plastics, and other petroleum-based materials and components. In
ﬁscal 2016, the Company purchased approximately 100,000 tons of steel and aluminum. The Company estimates that
approximately 8% of purchased raw materials are petroleum-based. Additionally, the Company estimates that
approximately five million gallons of diesel fuel were consumed in ﬁscal 2016 through the Company’s distribution
activities. The Company purchases most raw materials and other components on the open market and relies on third
parties for providing certain finished goods. While these items are generally available from multiple sources, the cost
of products sold may be affected by changes in the market price of raw materials, as well as disruptions in availability
of raw materials, components, and sourced finished goods.
The Company does not currently engage in or expect to engage in signiﬁcant commodity hedging transactions
for raw materials, though the Company has and will continue to commit to purchase certain materials for a period of
up to 12 months. Signiﬁcant increases in the prices of the Company’s products due to increases in the cost of raw
materials and components could have a negative effect on demand for products and on proﬁtability. While the Company
has generally been able to pass along these increases in cost in the form of higher selling prices for its products, there
can be no assurance that future disruptions in either supply or price of these materials will not negatively affect future
results.
The Company monitors and investigates alternative suppliers and materials based on numerous attributes
including quality, service, and price. The Company currently sources raw materials and components from a number
of suppliers, but the Company’s ongoing efforts to improve the cost effectiveness of its products and services may
result in a reduction in the number of its suppliers. A reduction in the number of suppliers could cause increased risk
associated with reliance on a single or limited number of suppliers for certain raw materials, component parts (such
as LEDs, lamps, ballasts, and power supplies), and finished goods.
Backlog Orders
The Company produces and stocks quantities of inventory at key distribution centers and warehouses throughout
North America and to a much lesser degree, certain European markets. The backlog of orders at any given time is
affected by various factors, including seasonality, cancellations, sales promotions, production cycle times, and the
timing of receipt and shipment of orders, which are usually shipped within a few weeks of order receipt. Accordingly,
a comparison of backlog orders from period to period is not necessarily meaningful and may not be indicative of future
shipments.
Patents, Licenses, and Trademarks
The Company owns or has licenses to use various domestic and foreign patents and trademarks related to its
products, processes, and businesses. These intellectual property rights are important factors for its businesses. To
protect these proprietary rights, the Company relies on copyright, patent, trade secret, and trademark laws. Despite
these protections, unauthorized parties may attempt to infringe on the intellectual property of the Company. While
patents and patent applications in the aggregate are important to the competitive position of the Company, no single
patent or patent application is individually material to the Company.
4