on third-party vendors such as customs brokers and freight vendors, which may not have had effective processes and
controls to enable the Company to fully and accurately comply with such requirements, could subject the Company to
liabilities for past, present, or future periods. Such liabilities could adversely affect the Company’s business, ﬁnancial
condition, results of operations, and cash ﬂows.
In June 2016, the United Kingdom (U.K.) held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the European
Union commonly referred to as “Brexit.” As a result of the referendum, it is expected that the British government will
begin negotiating the terms of the U.K.’s future relationship with the EU. Although it is unknown what those terms will
be, it is possible that there will be greater restrictions on imports and exports between the UK. and EU. countries and
increased regulatory complexities. These changes could cause disruptions to and create uncertainty surrounding the
Company's business and the business of existing and future customers and suppliers as well as have an impact on
the Company's employees based in Europe, which could adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of
operations, and cash flows. The actual effects of Brexit will depend on any agreements the UK. makes to retain access
to EU. markets either during a transitional period or more permanently.
The Company continues to monitor conditions affecting its international locations, including potential changes
in income from a strengthening or weakening in foreign exchange rates in relation to the US. dollar. Some of these
risks, including but not limited to foreign exchange risk, violations of laws, and higher costs associated with changes
in regulation, could adversely affect the Company’s business, ﬁnancial condition, results of operations, and cash ﬂows.
Risks related to the Company's defined benefit retirement plans may adversely impact results of operations
and cash flows.
Significant changes in actual investment returns on deﬁned benefit plan assets, discount rates, and other factors
could adversely affect the Company's results of operations and the amount of contributions the Company is required
to make to the defined benefit plans in future periods. As the Company's defined beneﬁt plan assets and liabilities are
marked-to-market on an annual basis, large non-cash gains or losses could be recorded in the fourth quarter of each
ﬁscal year. In accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles the income or expense for the
plans is calculated using actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect assumptions about ﬁnancial markets and interest
rates, which may change based on economic conditions. Funding requirements for the deﬁned benefit plans are
dependent upon, among otherthings, interest rates, underlying asset returns, and the impact of legislative or regulatory
changes related to defined beneﬁt funding obligations. Unfavorable changes in these factors could adversely affect
the Company's ﬁnancial position, results of operations, and cash flows.
Item 1b. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
13