ACUITY BRANDS, INC
7 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) 7
The changes in product warranty and recall reserves (included in Other accrued liabilities and Other long—term
liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets) during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 are
summarized as follows:
2016 _ 2015 _ 2014
[Balance at September 1 $ 9.6 $ 8.5 $ 5.9 I
Warranty and recall costs 25.7 16.1 19.5
I Payments and other deductions (20.8) (15.0) (16.9)}
Acquired warranty and recall liabilities 7 1.07 7 —7 7 —7
[Balance at August 31 :$ 15.5 9.6 8.5l
Trade Compliance Matters
Prior to the close of the acquisition, Distech Controls discovered shipments by it and its subsidiaries during the
past ﬁve years of standard commercial building control products directly or indirectly to customers in a country that
may constitute violations of US. and Canadian sanctions or export regulations, including those administered by the
US. Ofﬁce of Foreign Asset Control (“OFAC”) and the Export Controls Division of the Canadian Department of Foreign
Affairs, Trade and Development ("DFATD"). Distech Controls estimates that it received total revenue of approximately
$0.3 from these shipments. Distech Controls has voluntarily self-reported the potential violations to OFAC and DFATD
and retained outside counsel that conducted an investigation of the matter and filed a full voluntary disclosure with
these agencies. Now that the Company has acquired Distech Controls, the Company has greater access to information
regarding Distech Controls’ prior operations and will continue to assess the matter and implement related ongoing
compliance and remediation efforts.
The Company intends to fully cooperate with respect to any investigations by governmental agencies of the
potential violations. The former shareholders of Distech Controls have jointly agreed to indemnify the Company for
damages, if any, as a result of, in respect of, connected with or arising out of the potential violations or any inaccuracy
or breach ofthe representations made by Distech Controls to the Company related thereto, up to a specified aggregate
amount, which is not material to the Company's consolidated ﬁnancial statements. These indemnity obligations are
supported by an escrow account containing proceeds from the transaction equal to the speciﬁed aggregate amount.
The Company currently believes that this indemnity will be sufficient to cover any damages related to the potential
violations and the costs and expenses related to the investigation thereof and any related remedial actions. The
Company therefore does not expect this matter to have a material adverse effect on the business, ﬁnancial condition,
cash flow, or results of operations of the Company. There can be no assurance, however, that actual damages, costs
and expenses will not be in excess of the indemnity or that the Company and its afﬁliates will not be subject to other
damages, including but not limited to damage to the Company's reputation or monetary or non-monetary penalties as
permitted under applicable trade laws, that may not be fully covered by the indemnity. Estimated liabilities for legal
fees as well as potential fines or penalties related to this matter are included in Other accrued liabilities within the
Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The Company discovered through a review of shipment activitythat it misclassiﬁed certain shipments of component
parts to its manufacturing facilities under applicable import/export regulations. Although no claim has been asserted
against the Company, the Company is reviewing these shipments to determine the extent of any liabilities and the
extent of available remedial measures. The Company is unable at this time to determine the likelihood or amount of
any loss associated with the misclassiﬁcation of these shipments.
67