The Company may be unable to sustain significant customer and/or channel partner relationships.
Relationships with customers are directly impacted by the Company’s ability to deliver quality products and
services. The loss of or a substantial decrease in the volume of purchases by certain signiﬁcant customers could harm
the Company’s sales, proﬁtability, and cash ﬂows. The Company has relationships with channel partners such as
electrical distributors, independent sales agencies, system integrators, and value-added resellers. While the Company
maintains positive, and in many cases long-term, relationships with these channel partners, the loss of a number of
these channel partners or a substantial decrease in the volume of purchases from a major channel partner or a group
of channel partners could adversely affect the Company’s sales, proﬁtability, and cash flows.
The Company could be adversely affected by disruptions of its operations.
The breakdown of equipment or other events, including labor disputes, strikes, pandemics, cyber-attacks, civil
disruptions, or catastrophic events such as war or natural disasters, leading to production interruptions in the Company’s
or one or more of its suppliers’ facilities could adversely affect the Company’s ﬁnancial results and cash ﬂows.
Approximately 57% of the Company’s finished products are manufactured in Mexico, a country that periodically
experiences heightened civil unrest which could also disrupt supply of products to or from these facilities. Further,
because many of the Company’s customers are to varying degrees dependent on planned deliveries from the
Company’s facilities, those customers that have to reschedule their own production or delay opening a facility due to
the Company’s missed deliveries could pursue ﬁnancial claims against the Company. The Company may incur costs
to correct any of these problems in addition to facing claims from customers. Further, the Company’s reputation among
actual and potential customers may be harmed and result in a loss of business. While the Company has developed
business continuity plans, including alternative capacity, to support responses to such events or disruptions and
maintains insurance policies covering, among other things, physical damage and business interruptions, these policies
may not cover all losses. The Company could incur uninsured losses and liabilities arising from such events, including
damage to its reputation, loss of customers, and substantial losses in operational capacity, any of which could adversely
affect its ﬁnancial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
Failure of a Company operating or information system or a compromise of security with respect to an
operating or information system or portable electronic device ora violation of data privacy laws or regulations
could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations and financial condition or the effectiveness of
internal controls over operations and financial reporting.
The Company is highly dependent on various software and automated systems to record and process operational
and financial transactions. The Company could experience a failure of one or more of these software and automated
systems or could fail to complete all necessary data reconciliation or other conversion controls when implementing a
new software system. The Company could also experience a compromise of its security due to many reasons, including
technical system ﬂaws, clerical, data input or record-keeping errors, or tampering or manipulation of its systems by
employees or unauthorized third parties. Information security risks also exist with respect to the use of portable electronic
devices, such as laptops and smartphones, which are particularly vulnerable to loss and theft. The Company may also
be subject to disruptions of any of these systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond its control (for
example, natural disasters, acts of terrorism, cyber attacks, epidemics, computer viruses, and electrical/
telecommunications outages). All of these risks are also applicable where the Company relies on outside vendors to
provide services, which may operate in a cloud environment. The Company is dependent on the third-party vendors
to operate secure and reliable systems which may include data transfers over the internet.
The Company also maintains information technology to support lighting controls systems in certain of its customer
offerings, which are integral to the functionality of those integrated systems. In addition to the risks noted above, there
are other risks associated with these customer offerings. Customers may be installing software on their networks and
utilizing portable electronic devices, which may have security protocol variations that are outside of the Company’s
control and could result in a data security compromise.
The Company and certain of its third-party vendors may receive and store personal information in connection
with human resources operations, customer offerings, and other aspects of the business. A material network breach
in the security of these systems could include the theft of intellectual property, trade secrets, or employee and customer
information. To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in a loss or damage to the Company's data, or
an inappropriate disclosure of conﬁdential or customer or employee information, it could cause signiﬁcant damage to
the Company's reputation, affect relationships with the Company's customers and employees, lead to claims against
the Company, and ultimately harm the Company's business. In addition, the Company may be required to incur
signiﬁcant costs to protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future.
9