In addition to the impact on customers, tight credit conditions could impair the Company’s ability to effectively
access capital. This could impair the Company’s ability to reﬁnance debt as it becomes due or to obtain additional
credit, if needed. The inability to effectively access capital markets could adversely affect the Company’s ﬁnancial
position, results of operations, and cash ﬂows.
The market price and trading volume of the Company’s shares may be volatile.
The market price of the Company’s common shares could fluctuate signiﬁcantly for many reasons, including
reasons unrelated to the Company’s speciﬁc performance, such as reports by industry analysts, investor perceptions,
or negative announcements by customers, competitors, or suppliers regarding their own performance, as well as
general global economic, industry, and political conditions. Slnce management does not provide guidance, the
Company's performance could be different than analyst expectations causing a decline in the Company's stock price.
To the extent that other large companies within the Company’s industry experience declines in share price, the
Company’s share price may decline as well. In addition, when the market price of a company’s shares drops significantly,
shareholders could institute securities class action lawsuits against the Company. Such a lawsuit could cause the
Company to incur substantial costs and could divert the time and attention of the Company’s management and other
resources.
Risks Related to the Company's Strategy
The Company’s results may be adversely affected by its inability to maintain pricing.
Aggressive pricing actions by competitors may affect the Company’s ability to achieve desired revenue growth
and proﬁtability levels under its current pricing strategies. The Company may also decide to lower pricing to match the
competition. Additionally, the Company may not be able to increase prices to cover rising costs of components and
raw materials. Even if the Company were able to increase prices to cover costs, competitive pricing pressures may
not allow the Company to pass on any more than the cost increases. Alternatively, if component and raw material costs
were to decline, the marketplace may not allowthe Company to hold prices at their current levels, which could negatively
impact net sales, profitability, and cash ﬂows.
The Company’s inability to effectively introduce new products and solutions could adversely affect its
ability to compete and its operating performance.
Continual introductions of new products and solutions, services, and technologies, enhancement of existing
products and services, and effective servicing of customers are key to the Company’s competitive strategy. The success
of new product and solution introductions depends on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, timely and
successful product development, market acceptance, the Company’s ability to manage the risks associated with product
life cycles, such as new products and production capabilities, the effective management of purchase commitments
and inventory levels to support anticipated product manufacturing and demand, the availability of products in appropriate
quantities and costs to meet anticipated demand, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in
the early stages of introduction. Accordingly, the Company cannot fully predict the ultimate effect of new product
introductions and transitions on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash ﬂows.
The Company may pursue future growth through strategic acquisitions, alliances, or investments, which
may not yield anticipated benefits.
The Company has strengthened its business through strategic acquisitions, alliances, and investments and may
continue to do so as opportunities arise in the future. Such investments have been and may be in start-up or development
stage entities. The Company will benefit from such activity only to the extent that it can effectively leverage and integrate
the assets of the acquired businesses and alliances, including, but not limited to, personnel, technology, and operating
processes. Uncertainty is inherent within the acquisition, alliance, and investment process and unforeseen
circumstances arising from recent and future transactions could offsetthe anticipated benefits. In addition, unanticipated
events, negative revisions to valuation assumptions and estimates, diversion of resources and management's attention
from other business concerns, and difficulties in attaining synergies, among other factors, could adversely affect the
Company’s ability to recover initial and subsequent investments, particularly those related to acquired goodwill and
intangible assets or non-controlling interests. Any of these factors could adversely affect the Company’s ﬁnancial
condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, such investment transactions may limit the Company's
ability to invest in other activities, which could be more profitable or advantageous.
7