The inability to effectively execute its business strategies could adversely affect the Company’s financial
condition and results of operations.
Various uncertainties and risks are associated with the implementation of a number of aspects of the Company’s
global business strategies, including but not limited to, the development, marketing and selling of new products and
solutions, new product development, the development, marketing, and selling of lighting and building management
solutions, effective integration of acquisitions, and the development of production capacity related to components such
as LED drivers. Those uncertainties and risks include, but are not limited to: diversion of management’s attention;
difﬁculty in retaining or attracting employees; negative impact on relationships with distributors and customers;
obsolescence of current products and slow new product development; inability to effectively participate in the emerging
opportunities of the Internet of Things utilizing the Company's digital lighting and building management systems;
additional streamlining efforts; inability to produce certain components with quality, performance, and cost attributes
equal to or better than provided by other component manufacturers; and unforeseen difﬁculties in the implementation
of the management operating structure. Problems with strategy execution could offset anticipated beneﬁts, disrupt
service to customers, and impact product quality as well as adversely affect the Company’s ﬁnancial condition and
results of operations. In addition, with the addition of new products and solutions, the Company may encounter new
and different competitors that may have more experience with respect to such products and solutions. Any new products
and solutions may not achieve the same profit margins as expected and as compared to the Company's historic
products and solutions.
The Company may experience difficulties in streamlining activities which could impact shipments to
customers, product quality, and the ability to realize the expected savings from streamlining actions.
The Company expects to beneﬁt from its ongoing programs to streamline operations, including the consolidation
of certain manufacturing facilities and the reduction of overhead costs, only to the extent that it can effectively leverage
assets, personnel, and operating processes in the transition of production between manufacturing facilities. Uncertainty
is inherent within the facility consolidation process and unforeseen circumstances could offset the anticipated beneﬁts,
disrupt service to customers, and impact product quality.
Risks Related to the Company's Operations
Technological developments, intellectual property issues, and increased competition could affect the
Company’s operating profit margins and sales volume.
The Company competes in an industry where technology and innovation play major roles in the competitive
landscape. The Company is highly engaged in the investigation, development, and implementation of new technologies
and services. Securing key partnerships and alliances as well as employee talent, including having access to
technologies, services, and solutions developed by others, and obtaining appropriate patents and the right to utilize
patents of other parties all play a signiﬁcant role in protecting the Company’s freedom to operate and development
activities. Additionally, the continual development of new technologies (e.g., LED, OLED, lamp/ballast systems, drivers,
lighting controls systems, sensors, communication devices, software, etc.) by existing and new source suppliers —
including non-traditional competitors with signiﬁcant resources — looking for either direct market access or partnerships
with competing large manufacturers, coupled with significant associated exclusivity and/or patent activity, could
adversely affect the Company’s ability to sustain operating proﬁt margins and desirable levels of sales volume. Also,
certain key suppliers of components compete with the Company and could choose to cease supplying the Company,
which could temporarily disrupt production by the Company until alternative supplier relationships are established. In
addition, there have been a growing number of new competitors, from small startup companies to global electronics
companies. Certain global and more diversiﬁed electrical manufacturers as well as certain global software and building
solution providers may be able to obtain a competitive advantage over the Company by offering broader and more
integrated solutions utilizing electrical, lighting, and building automation systems, and small startup companies may
offer more localized product sales and support services within individual regions, which could adversely affect on the
Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
Over the last several years, the Company and others in the industry have received an increased number of
allegations of patent infringement from competitors and other non-practicing entity patent holders, often coupled with
offers to license such patents for use by the Company. Such offers typically relate to various technologies including
certain methods of designing circuits, the use of visible light to communicate data, the use of certain wireless networking
methods, and the design of speciﬁc products. The Company believes that it does not need or will be able to invalidate
or access such patents through licensing, cross-licensing, or other mutually beneﬁcial arrangements, although to the
extent the Company is required but unable to enter into such arrangements on acceptable economic terms, it could
adversely affect the Company’s business, ﬁnancial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
8