Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(55 in millions, except per-share data and as indicated)
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related
notes included within this report. References made to years are for ﬁscal year periods.
The purpose of this discussion and analysis is to enhance the understanding and evaluation of the results of
operations, ﬁnancial position, cash ﬂows, indebtedness, and other key financial information of Acuity Brands and its
subsidiaries for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. For a more complete understanding of this discussion,
please read the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report.
Overview
Company
Acuity Brands, Inc. (“Acuity Brands”) is the parent company of Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc. (“ABL”) and other
subsidiaries (Acuity Brands, ABL, and such other subsidiaries are collectively referred to herein as the "Company”).
The Company, with its principal ofﬁce in Atlanta, Georgia, employed approximately 11,800 people worldwide as of
August 31, 2016.
The Company designs, produces, and distributes a broad array of lighting and building management solutions
and services for commercial, institutional, industrial, infrastructure, and residential applications for various markets
throughout North America and select international markets. The Company's lighting and building management solutions
include devices such as luminaires, lighting controls,controllers for various building systems, power supplies, prismatic
skylights, and drivers, as well as integrated systems designed to optimize energy efﬁciency and comfort for various
indoor and outdoor applications. The Company is one of the world's leading producers and distributors of lighting and
building management solutions, with a broad, highly conﬁgurable, diversified product offering. As of August 31, 2016,
the Company operated 20 manufacturing facilities and seven distribution facilities along with two warehouses to serve
its extensive customer base.
The Company does not consider acquisitions a critical element of its strategy, but seeks opportunities to expand
and enhance its portfolio of solutions, including the following transactions:
On June 30, 2016, using cash on hand and common stock, the Company acquired DGLogik, Inc. ("DGLogik"), a
provider of innovative software solutions that enable and visualize the Internet of Things. DGLogik's solutions provide
users with the intelligence to better manage energy usage and improve facility performance. DGLogik is headquartered
in the San Francisco Bay Area, California.
On December 10, 2015, using cash on hand, the Company acquired Juno Lighting LLC ("Juno Lighting"), a leading
provider of downlighting and track lighting fixtures for both residential and commercial applications. Juno Lighting is
headquartered in Des Plaines, Illinois.
On December 9, 2015, using cash on hand, the Company acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities
of Geometri, LLC ("Geometri"), a provider of a software and services platform for mapping, navigation, and analytics.
On September 1, 2015, using cash on hand, the Company acquired Distech Controls Inc. ("Distech Controls"),
a provider of building automation solutions that allow for the integration of lighting, HVAC, access control, closed circuit
television, and related systems. Distech Controls is headquartered in Quebec, Canada.
On April 15, 2015, using cash on hand, the Company acquired for cash substantially all ofthe assets and assumed
certain liabilities of ByteLight, Inc. ("ByteLight"), a provider of indoor location software for light-emitting diode (“LED”)
lighting. ByteLight is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.
In addition, during fiscal 201 5, the Company made a strategic, non-controlling investment in a company specializing
in light sensory networks.
Strategy
The Company's strategy is to extend its leadership position in the North American market and certain markets
internationally by delivering superior lighting and building management solutions. The Company’s lighting and building
management solutions vary from individual devices to intelligent network systems. Individual devices include luminaires,
lighting controls, lighting components, controllers for various building systems (including HVAC, lighting, shades and
access control), power supplies, and prismatic skylights. Among other benefits, intelligent network systems can optimize
energy efﬁciency and comfort as well as enhance the occupant experience for various indoor and outdoor applications,
all the while reducing operating costs. Additionally, the Company continues to expand its solutions portfolio, including
19