ACUITY BRANDS, INC
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
14. Supplemental Guarantor Condensed Consolidating Financial Statements
In December 2009, ABL, the 100% owned and principal operating subsidiary of the Company, refinanced the
then current outstanding debt through the issuance of the Notes. See Debt and Lines of Credit footnote for further
information.
In accordance with the registration rights agreement by and between ABL and the guarantors to the Notes and
the initial purchasers of the Notes, ABL and the guarantors to the Notes ﬁled a registration statement with the SEC for
an offer to exchange the Notes for an issue of SEC-registered notes with identical terms. Due to the ﬁling of the
registration statement and offerto exchange, the Company determined the need for compliance with Rule 3-10 of SEC
Regulation S-X (“Rule 3-10”). In lieu of providing separate audited ﬁnancial statements for ABL and ABL IP Holding,
the Company has included the accompanying Condensed Consolidating Financial Statements in accordance with
Rule 3-10(d) of SEC Regulation S-X since the Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Acuity Brands and
ABL IP Holding. The column marked “Parent” represents the financial condition, results of operations, and cash ﬂows
of Acuity Brands. The column marked “Subsidiary Issuer” represents the financial condition, results of operations, and
cash flows ofABL. The column entitled “Subsidiary Guarantor” represents the ﬁnancial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows ofABL IP Holding. Lastly, the column listed as “Non-Guarantors” includes the financial condition, results
of operations, and cash flows of the non-guarantor direct and indirect subsidiaries of Acuity Brands, which consist
primarily of foreign subsidiaries. Eliminations were necessary in order to arrive at consolidated amounts. In addition,
the equity method of accounting was used to calculate investments in subsidiaries. Accordingly, this basis of
presentation is not intended to present our ﬁnancial condition, results of operations, or cash ﬂows for any purpose
other than to comply with the speciﬁc requirements for parent-subsidiary guarantor reporting.
71