ACUITY BRANDS, INC
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
assured. Delivery is not considered to have occurred until the customer assumes the risks and rewards of ownership.
Customers take delivery at the time of shipment forterms designated free on board shipping point. For sales designated
free on board destination, customers take delivery when the product is delivered to the customer’s delivery site.
Provisions for certain rebates, sales incentives, product returns, and discounts to customers are recorded in the same
period the related revenue is recorded.
The Company also maintains one-time or on-going marketing and trade-promotion programs with certain
customers that require the Company to estimate and accrue the expected costs of such programs. These arrangements
include cooperative marketing programs, merchandising of the Company’s products, introductory marketing funds for
new products, and other trade-promotion activities conducted by the customer. Costs associated with these programs
are reflected within the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income in accordance with the
Accounting Standards Codiﬁcation (“ASC”) Topic 605, Revenue Recognition (“ASC 605”), which in most instances
requires such costs be recorded as a reduction of revenue. The liabilities associated with the programs totaled $41.0
and $35.6 of August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are reflected within Other accrued liabilities on the Consolidated
Balance Sheets.
The Company's standard terms and conditions of sale allow returns of certain products within four months of the
date of shipment. The Company also provides for limited product return rights to certain distributors and other customers,
primarily for slow moving or damaged items subject to certain deﬁned criteria. The limited product return rights generally
allow customers to return resalable products purchased within a specified time period and subject to certain limitations,
including, at times, when accompanied by a replacement order of equal or greater value. At the time revenue is
recognized, the Company records a provision for the estimated amount of future returns primarily based on historical
experience, speciﬁc notiﬁcation of pending returns, or based on contractual terms with the respective customers.
Although historical product returns generally have been within expectations, there can be no assurance that future
product returns will not exceed historical amounts. A signiﬁcant increase in product returns could have a material
adverse impact on the Company's operating results in future periods.
Revenue is earned on services and the sale of products. Revenue is recognized for the sale of products when
the above criteria are met and for services rendered in the period of performance.
Revenue Recognition forArrangements with Multiple Deliverables
A small portion (less than 4%) of the Company's revenues are derived from the combination of any or all of: (i)
the sale and license of its products, (ii) fees associated with training, installation, and technical support services, (iii)
monitoring and lighting control services, and (iv) providing services related to data analytics. Certain agreements,
particularly related to lighting controls systems, represent multiple-element arrangements that include tangible products
that contain software that is essential to the functionality of the systems and undelivered elements that primarily relate
to installation, monitoring, and lighting control services. The undelivered elements associated with installation,
monitoring, and lighting control services are reviewed and analyzed to determine separability in relation to the delivered
elements and appropriate pricing treatment based on (a) vendor-speciﬁc objective evidence, (b) third-party evidence,
or (c) management estimates. lf deemed separate units of accounting, the revenue and associated cost of sales related
to the delivered elements are recognized at the time of delivery, while those related to the undelivered elements are
recognized appropriately based on the period of performance. If the separation criterion for the undelivered elements
is not met because the undelivered elements are essential to the functionality of the lighting controls systems, all
revenue and cost of sales attributable to the contract are deferred at the time of sale and are both generally recognized
on a straight-line basis over the respective contract periods.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with US. GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the ﬁnancial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and
expense during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash in excess of daily requirements is invested in time deposits and marketable securities and is included in
the accompanying balance sheets at fair value. The Company considers time deposits and marketable securities with
an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
44