ACUITY BRANDS, INC
7 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) 7
In addition, during ﬁscal 2015, the Company made a strategic, non-controlling investment in a company
specializing in light sensory networks. This investment was accounted for using the cost method and is reﬂected in
Other long term assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
5. Fair Value Measurements
The Company determines a fair value measurement based on the assumptions a market participant would use
in pricing an asset or liability. ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ("ASC 820"), establishes a
three level hierarchy making a distinction between market participant assumptions based on (i) unadjusted quoted
prices for identical assets or liabilities in an active market (Level 1), (ii) quoted prices in markets that are not active or
inputs that are observable either directly or indirectly for substantially the full term of the asset or liability (Level 2), and
(iii) prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value
measurement (Level 3).
The following table presents information about assets and liabilities required to be carried at fair value and
measured on a recurring basis as of August 31, 2016 and 2015:
Fair Value Measurements as of:
7 August 31, 2016 7 7 August 31, 2015 :
Total Fair Total Fair
7 Level 1 Value Level 1 Value :
(Assets: l
Cash and cash equivalents $ 413.2 $ 413.2 $ 756.8 $ 756.8
[Other 0.5 0.5 0.5 0.5 l
Liabilities:
[Other $ 0.5 $ 0.5 $ 0.5 $ 0.5)
The Company utilizes valuation methodologies to determine the fair values of its financial assets and liabilities
in conformity with the concepts of “exit price” and the fair value hierarchy as prescribed in ASC 820. All valuation
methods and assumptions are validated at least quarterly to ensure the accuracy and relevance of the fair values.
There were no material changes to the valuation methods or assumptions used to determine fair values during the
current period.
The Company used quoted market prices to determine the fair value of Level 1 assets and liabilities. No transfers
between the levels of the fair value hierarchy occurred during the current ﬁscal period. In the event of a transfer in or
out of a level within the fair value hierarchy, the transfers would be recognized on the date of occurrence.
Disclosures of fair value information about ﬁnancial instruments (whether or not recognized in the balance sheet),
forwhich it is practicable to estimate that value, are required each reporting period in addition to any ﬁnancial instruments
carried at fair value on a recurring basis as prescribed by ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments (“ASC 825”). In cases
where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation
techniques. Those techniques are signiﬁcantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and
estimates of future cash flows.
53