Product Warranty and Recall Costs
The Company records an allowance for the estimated amount of future warranty costs when the related revenue
is recognized. Estimated future warranty costs are primarily based on historical experience of identiﬁed warranty claims.
The Company is fully self-insured for product warranty costs. Historical warranty costs have been within expectations.
The Company expects that historical activity will continue to be the best indicator of future warranty costs. There can
be no assurance that future warranty costs will not exceed historical amounts or that incorporating new technologies,
such as LED components into products, may not generate unexpected costs. Estimated costs related to product recalls
based on a formal campaign soliciting repair or return of that product are accrued when they are deemed to be probable
and can be reasonably estimated. lf actual future warranty or recall costs exceed recorded amounts, additional
allowances may be required, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s results of operations and
cash flow.
Litigation
The Company recognizes expense for legal claims when payments associated with the claims become probable
and can be reasonably estimated. Due to the difficulty in estimating costs of resolving legal claims, actual costs could
have a material adverse impact on the Company’s results of operations and cash flow.
Environmental Matters
The Company recognizes expense for known environmental claims when payments associated with the claims
become probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. The actual cost of resolving environmental issues may
be higher than that reserved primarily due to difﬁculty in estimating such costs and potential changes in the status of
government regulations. The Company is self-insured for environmental matters.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information
This ﬁling contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Statements made
herein that may be considered forward-looking include statements incorporating terms such as “expects”, “believes”,
“intends”, “anticipates” and similarterms that relate to future events, performance, or results of the Company. In addition,
the Company, orthe executive ofﬁcers on the Company’s behalf, may from time to time make forward-looking statements
in reports and other documents the Company ﬁles with the SEC or in connection with oral statements made to the
press, current and potential investors, or others. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation: (a) the
Company’s projections regarding ﬁnancial performance, liquidity, capital structure, capital expenditures, and dividends;
(b) expectations about the impact of volatility and uncertainty in general economic conditions; (0) external forecasts
projecting industry unit volumes; (d) expectations about the impact of volatility and uncertainty in component and
commodity costs and availability, and the Company's ability to manage those challenges, as well as the Company’s
response with pricing of its products; (e) the Company's ability to execute and realize beneﬁts from initiatives related
to streamlining its operations, capitalizing on growth opportunities, expanding in key markets, enhancing service to
the customer, and investing in product innovation; (f) the Company’s estimate of its ﬁscal 2017 annual tax rate; (g) the
Company’s future amortization expense; (h) the Company's ability to integrate acquisitions and achieve accretive
results, and (i) the Company’s ability to achieve its long-term ﬁnancial goals and measures. You are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this annual report. Except
as required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or release any revisions to these forward-
looking statements to reflect any events or circumstances after the date of this annual report or to reflect the occurrence
of unanticipated events. The Company’s forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from the historical experience of the Company and management’s present
expectations or projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, customer and supplier
relationships and prices; competition; ability to realize anticipated beneﬁts from initiatives taken and timing of beneﬁts;
market demand; litigation and other contingent liabilities; and economic, political, governmental, and technological
factors affecting the Company. Also, additional risks that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially
from those expressed in the Company’s forward-looking statements are discussed in Part |, “Item 1a. Risk Factors” of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and are speciﬁcally incorporated herein by reference.
33