IableofContents
Subject to the factors noted in the Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements included in this report on Form 10-K, we anticipate, our financial
performance in 2017 may be comparable to historical ranges, absent non-recurring charges, as they relate to consolidated revenues. The 2015 percentages were
negatively impacted by mediated settlements regarding certain labor and employment related matters. The Company agreed to these mediated settlements while
denying any violations. The 2014 percentages were negatively impacted by a one-time, non-cash adjustment related to a change in estimate in our self-insurance
reserve methodology.
Although there can be no assurance thereof, we believe that in 2017 , Dietary revenues as a percentage of consolidated revenues, will increase from its respective
2016 percentages noted above. Furthermore, we expect the sources of growth in 2017 for the respective operating segments will mirror those historically
experienced: growth in Dietary is expected to come from our current Housekeeping client base, while growth in Housekeeping will primarily come from obtaining
new clients.
Our costs of services can vary and may impact our operating performance. Management reviews two key cost indicators: costs of labor and costs of supplies, to
monitor and manage such costs. The variability of these costs may impact each segment differently due to the respective costs as a percentage of that segment’s
revenues. Housekeeping is more significantly impacted by costs of labor than Dietary. Labor costs accounted for approximately 80.2% of Housekeeping revenues
in 2016 . Dietary labor costs accounted for approximately 53.8% of Dietary revenues in 2016 . Changes in wage rates as a result of legislative or collective
bargaining actions, anticipated staffing levels, and other unforeseen variations in our use of labor or in management labor costs will result in variability of these
costs. Housekeeping supplies, including linen products, accounted for approximately 7.8% of Housekeeping revenues in 2016 . In contrast, supplies consumed in
performing our Dietary services accounted for approximately 38.0% of Dietary revenues. Generally, ﬂuctuations in these expenses are inﬂuenced by factors
outside of our control and are unpredictable. This is because Housekeeping and Dietary supplies are principally commodity products and are affected by market
conditions specific to the respective products.
Our clients are concentrated in the health care industry and are primarily providers of long-term care. Many of our clients’ revenues are highly reliant on Medicare,
Medicaid and third-party payors’ reimbursement funding rates. Legislation can significantly alter overall government reimbursement for nursing home services and
such changes, as well as other trends in the long-term care industry, have affected and could adversely affect our clients’ cash ﬂows, resulting in their inability to
make payments to us in accordance with agreed-upon payment terms. The climate of legislative uncertainty has posed, and will continue to pose, both risks and
opportunities for us: the risks are related to our clients” cash ﬂows and solvency, while the opportunities are related to our ability to offer our clients cost stability
and cost efficiencies.
18