Iablre,of,C,ontents
The tables below provide a reconciliation between the tax expense computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before income taxes and
the provision for income taxes:
Year Ended December 31,
2016 2015 2014
(in thousands)
’Income tax expense computed at statutory rate 33 42,136 $ 31,418 $ 11,098 ‘
Increases (decreases) resulting from:
I State income taxes, net of federal tax beneﬁt 5,064 4,015 998 ‘
Federal jobs credits (4,550) (3,900) (2,925)
] Tax exempt interest (457) (132) (13) l
Other, net 798 339 700
’Income tax expense $ 42,991 $ 31,740 $ 9,858 l
Management performs an evaluation each period of its tax positions taken and expected to be taken in tax returns. The evaluation is performed on positions relating
to tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions, the earliest of which is the tax year ended December 31, 2011. Based on our evaluation,
management has concluded that there are no signiﬁcant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in our ﬁnancial statements. Therefore, the table reporting on
the change in the liability for unrecognized tax beneﬁts during the year ended December 31, 2016 is omitted as there is no activity to report in such account for the
year ended December 31, 2016 , and there was no balance of unrecognized tax beneﬁts at the beginning of the year.
We may from time to time be assessed interest or penalties by major tax jurisdictions, although any such assessments historically have been minimal and
immaterial to our financial results. In the event we have received an assessment for interest and/or penalties, it has been classified in the financial statements as
selling, general and administrative expense.
Note 13—Related Party Transactions
A director is a member of a law firm which was retained by us. During the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , fees paid by us to such firm did not
exceed $120 thousand in any period. Additionally, such fees did not exceed, in any period, 5% of such ﬁrm’s revenues or the Company’s revenues.
Note 14—Segment Information
Reportable Operating Segments
We manage and evaluate our operations in two reportable segments: Housekeeping (housekeeping, laundry, linen and other services), and Dietary (dietary
department services). Although both segments serve the same client base and share many operational similarities, they are managed separately due to distinct
differences in the type of services provided, as well as the specialized expertise required of the professional management personnel responsible for delivering each
segment’s services. We consider the various services provided within each reportable segment to comprise an identifiable reportable operating segment since such
services are rendered pursuant to a single service agreement, specific to that reportable segment, as well as the fact that the delivery of the respective reportable
segment’s services are managed by management personnel exclusive to the particular reportable segment.
The Company’s accounting policies for the segments are generally the same as the Company’s significant accounting policies. Differences between the reportable
segments’ operating results and other disclosed data and our consolidated financial statements relate primarily to corporate level transactions and recording of
transactions at the reportable segment level which use methods other than generally accepted accounting principles. There are certain inventories and supplies that
are primarily expensed when incurred within the operating segments, while they are capitalized for the consolidated financial statements. As discussed, most
corporate expense is not allocated to the operating segments, and such expenses include corporate salary and benefit costs, certain legal costs, information
technology costs, depreciation, amortization of finite lived intangibles, share based compensation costs and other corporate specific costs. Additionally, there are
allocations for workers compensation and general liability expense within the operating segments that differ from our actual expense recorded for US. GAAP.
Segment amounts disclosed are prior to any elimination entries made in consolidation.
All revenues and net income are earned in one geographic area, the United States.
53