Iablrebeontents
We provide our services primarily pursuant to full service agreements with our clients. In such agreements, we are responsible for the management of the
department serviced, employing the Housekeeping or Dietary personnel located at our clients’ facilities and providing certain supplies. We also provide services on
the basis of a management-only agreements for a limited number of clients. Our agreements with clients typically provide for renewable one year service terms,
cancelable by either party upon 30 to 90 days’ notice after an initial period of 60 to 120 days.
We are organized into two reportable segments; housekeeping, laundry, linen and other services (“Housekeeping”) and dietary department services (“Dietary”).
Housekeeping consists of managing the client’s housekeeping department which is principally responsible for the cleaning, disinfecting and sanitizing of resident
rooms and common areas of a client’s facility, as well as laundering and processing of the bed linens, uniforms, resident personal clothing and other assorted linen
items utilized at a client facility.
Dietary consists of managing the client’s dietary department which is principally responsible for food purchasing, meal preparation and dietitian professional
services, which includes the development of menus that meet residents’ dietary needs.
At December 31, 2016 , Housekeeping services were provided at essentially all of our more than 3,500 client facilities, generating approximately 61.3% or $957.1
million of 2016 total revenues. Dietary services were provided to over 1,000 client facilities at December 31, 2016 and contributed approximately 38.7% or $605.5
million of 2016 total revenues.
The Company’s workers compensation, general liability and certain employee health and welfare insurance programs are provided by HCSG Insurance Corp.
(“HCSG Insurance” or the “Captive”), the Company’s wholly owned captive insurance subsidiary. HCSG Insurance provides the Company with greater ﬂexibility
and cost efﬁciency in meeting its insurance needs. In 2015, the Company completed a corporate restructuring by capitalizing three new operating entities and
transitioning the Company’s facility-based employees to such entities based on the geography served. As a result, (i) HCSG Insurance provides workers’
compensation, general liability and other insurance coverages to such entities with respect to such transitioned workforce, (ii) such entities provide housekeeping,
laundry and dietary services as a subcontracted provider to the Company, and (iii) the Company provides strategic client-service management and administrative
support services to such entities.
Our ability to acquire new clients, retain existing clients and increase revenues are affected by many factors. Competitive factors consist primarily of competing
with potential clients’ usage of in-house support staff, as well as local companies providing services similar to ours. We are unaware of any other companies, on a
national or local level, which have a significant presence or impact on our procurement of new clients in our market. We believe the primary revenue drivers of our
business are our ability to obtain new clients and to pass through, by means of service billing increases, increases in our cost of providing the services. In addition
to the recoupment of costs increases, we aim to obtain modest annual revenue increases from our existing clients to attain desired profit margins at the facility
level. The primary economic factor in acquiring new clients is our ability to demonstrate the cost-effectiveness of our services, because many of our clients’
revenues are generally highly reliant on Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement funding rates and mechanisms. Therefore, their economic decision-making process
is driven signiﬁcantly by their reimbursement funding rate structure and the financial impact on their reimbursement as a result of engaging us for the respective
services. The primary operational factor is our ability to demonstrate to potential clients the benefit of being relieved of the administrative and operational
challenges related to the day-to-day management of their housekeeping and dietary operations. In addition, we must be able to assure new clients that we can
improve the quality of service that they are providing to their residents. We believe the factors discussed above are equally applicable to each of our segments with
reSpect to acquiring new clients and increasing revenues.
The following table sets forth, for the years indicated, the percentage which certain items bear to consolidated revenues:
Relation to Consolidated Revenues
Years Ended December 31,
2016 _ 2015 _ 2014
[Revenues 100.0% 100.0% 100.0%}
Operating costs and expenses:
I Costs of services provided 85.7% 86.0% 89.3%‘
Selling, general and administrative 6.7% 7.8% 8.3%
'Net investment and interest income 0.2% 0.0% 01%
Income before income taxes 7.8% 6.2% 2.5%
’Income taxes 2.8% 2.2% 0.8%‘
Net income 5.0% 4.0% 1.7%
17