Iablre,of,C,ontents
Market
The market for our services consists of a large number of facilities involved in various aspects of the health care industry, including long-term and post-acute care
facilities (skilled nursing facilities, residential care and assisted living facilities, etc.) and hOSpitals (acute care, critical access, psychiatric, etc.).
These facilities range in size from smaller facilities to facilities with over 500 beds. Such facilities may be specialized or general, privately owned or public, profit
or not-for-proﬁt, and may serve residents on a long-term or short-term basis. We market our services to facilities after consideration of a variety of factors
including facility type, size, location, and service opportunities (Housekeeping or Dietary). The market for our services, particularly in long-term and post-acute
care, is expected to continue to grow as the population of the United States ages and as government reimbursement policies require increased cost control or
containment by the constituents that comprise our target market.
Marketing and Sales
Our services are marketed at four levels of our organization: at the corporate level by the President & Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice Presidents and
Senior Vice Presidents; at the divisional level by Divisional Vice Presidents; at the regional level by the Regional Vice Presidents/Divisional Managers and
Directors; and at the district level by District Managers. We provide incentive compensation to our operational personnel based on achieving ﬁnancial and non-
ﬁnancial goals and objectives which are aligned with the key elements the Company believes are necessary for it to achieve overall improvement in its ﬁnancial
results, along with continued business development.
Our services are marketed primarily through referrals and in-person solicitation of target facilities. We also participate in industry trade shows, health care trade
associations and health care support service seminars that are offered in conjunction with state or local health authorities in many of the states in which we conduct
our business. Such programs are typically attended by facility owners, administrators and supervisory personnel, thus presenting marketing opportunities for us.
Indications of interest in our services arising from initial marketing efforts are followed up with a presentation regarding our services and an assessment of the
service requirements of the facility. Thereafter, a formal proposal including operational recommendations and proposed costs is submitted to the prospective client.
Once the prospective client accepts the proposal and executes our service agreement, we are structured to timely and efﬁciently establish our operations and
systems at the client facilities.
Government Regulation of Clients
Our clients are subject to government regulation. Although laws and rulings directly affect how clients are paid for certain services, we do not directly participate
in any government reimbursement programs. Accordingly, our contractual relationships with our clients determine the clients’ payment obligations to us. However,
because clients’ revenues are generally highly reliant on Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement funding rates, the overall effect of these laws and trends in the
long term care industry have affected and could adversely affect our clients’ cash ﬂows, resulting in their inability to make payments to us on agreed upon payment
terms (see “Liquidity and Capital Resources” included in our “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”).
The prospects for legislative action, both on the federal and state level, regarding funding for nursing homes are uncertain. We are unable to predict or to estimate
the ultimate impact of any further changes in reimbursement programs affecting our clients’ future results of operations and/or their impact on our cash ﬂows and
operations.
Environmental Regulation
The Company’s operations are subject to various federal, state and/or local laws concerning emissions into the air, discharges into the waterways and the
generation, handling and disposal of waste and hazardous substances. The Company’s past expenditures relating to environmental compliance have not had a
material effect on the Company and are included in normal operating expenses. These laws and regulations are constantly evolving, and it is impossible to predict
accurately the effect they may have upon the capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position of the Company in the future. Based upon information
currently available, management believes that expenditures relating to environmental compliance will not have a material impact on the financial position of the
Company.
6