Iablre,of,C,ontents
The line of credit requires us to satisfy one financial covenant. The covenant and its respective status at December 31, 2016 was as follows:
Covenant Description and Requirement _ Status at December 31, 2016
[Funded debt (I) to EBITDA (2) ratio: less than 3.00 to 1.00 0.50 l
(1) All indebtedness for borrowed money, including but not limited to capitalized lease obligations, reimbursement obligations in respect of letters of credit and
guaranties of any such indebtedness.
(2) Net income plus interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation, amortization, and extraordinary non-recurring losses/gains.
As noted above, we were in compliance with our financial covenant at December 31, 2016 and expect to continue to remain in compliance with such financial
covenant. The line of credit expires on December 18, 2018.
On January 3, 2017 , the letter of credit was increased to $67.2 million and the amount available under the line of credit was reduced by $3.5 million .
Accounts and Notes Receivable
We expend considerable effort to collect the amounts due for our services on the terms agreed upon with our clients. Many of our clients participate in programs
funded by federal and state governmental agencies and such participation can affect our clients” cash flows, which may impact their ability to make payments to us
on agreed upon payment terms. These factors, in addition to other trends or regulations in the long-term care industry, have resulted in and could continue to result
in significant additional bad debts in the near future. Whenever possible, when a client falls behind in making agreed-upon payments, we convert the unpaid
accounts receivable to interest bearing promissory notes. The promissory notes provide a means to better evidence the amounts owed, materially enhance our
ability to defend the validity of the debt, and memorialize a deﬁnitive repayment plan, each of which may ultimately enhance our ability to collect the amounts
due. At December 31, 2016 and 2015 , we had $19.2 million and $16.8 million , net of reserves, respectively, of such promissory notes outstanding. Additionally,
we consider restructuring service agreements from full service to management-only service in the case of certain clients experiencing significant financial
difﬁculties. We believe that such restructurings may provide us with a means to maintain a relationship with the client while at the same time minimizing
collection exposure.
In order to provide for these collection problems and the general risk associated with the granting of credit terms, we have recorded bad debt provisions (in an
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts) of $4.6 million , $4.3 million and $4.5 million in the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively. As a
percentage of total revenues, these provisions represent approximately 0.3% for each of the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 .
Insurance Programs
We self-insure or carry a high deductible, and therefore retain a substantial portion of the risk associated with the expected losses under our general liability and
workers compensation programs. Under our insurance plans for general liability and workers’ compensation, predetermined loss limits are arranged with our
insurance company to limit both our per occurrence cash outlay and annual insurance plan cost. Our accounting for this plan is affected by various uncertainties,
such as historical claims, pay-out experience, demographic factors, industry trends, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions calculated by a third party
actuary. Evaluations of our accrued insurance claims estimate as of the balance sheet date are based primarily on current information derived from our actuarial
valuation which assists in quantifying and valuing these trends. In the event that our claims experience and/or industry trends result in an unfavorable change
resulting from, among other factors, the severity levels of reported claims and medical cost inﬂation, as compared to historical claim trends, it would have an
adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Under these plans, predetermined loss limits are arranged with an insurance company to limit
both our per-occurrence cash outlay and annual insurance plan cost.
For workers’ compensation and general liability, we record a reserve for the estimated future cost of claims and related expenses that have been reported but not
settled, including an estimate of claims incurred but not reported that are developed as a result of a review of our historical data and open claims, which is based on
estimates provided by a third party actuary.
28