Iablechontents
The Company has substantial investment in the creditworthiness and ﬁnancial condition of our customers.
The largest current asset on our balance sheet is our accounts and notes receivable balance from our customers. We grant credit to substantially all of our
customers. Deterioration in the ﬁnancial condition of a significant component of our customer base could hinder our ability to collect amounts from our customers.
The potential causes of such decline include national or local economic downturns, customers’ dependence on continued Medicare and Medicaid funding and the
impact of additional regulatory actions. We have sometimes been required to extend the period of payment for certain clients beyond contractual terms. Such
clients include those who have terminated service agreements and slow payers experiencing ﬁnancial difficulties. In making our credit evaluations, in addition to
analyzing and anticipating where possible the speciﬁc cases described above, we consider the general collection risk associated with trends in the long-term care
industry. We also establish credit limits, perform ongoing credit evaluations and monitor accounts to minimize the risk of loss. Despite our efforts to minimize
credit risk exposure, our clients could be adversely affected if future industry trends change in such a manner as to negatively impact their cash ﬂows. If our clients
experience a negative impact in their cash ﬂows, it could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash
ﬂows.
We have a Paid Loss Retrospective Insurance Plan for general liability and workers ’ compensation insurance.
We carry a high deductible general liability and workers” compensation program and therefore retain a substantial portion of the risk associated with the expected
losses under such programs. Under our insurance plans for general liability and workers’ compensation, predetermined loss limits are arranged with our insurance
company to limit both our per occurrence cash outlay and annual insurance plan cost. We regularly evaluate our claims pay-out experience and other factors related
to the nature of speciﬁc claims in arriving at the basis for our accrued insurance claims estimate. Our evaluation is based primarily on current information derived
from reviewing our claims experience and industry trends. In the event that our known claims experience and/or industry trends result in an unfavorable change in
initial estimates of costs to settle such claims resulting from, among other factors, the severity levels of reported claims and medical cost inﬂation, it would have an
adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, ﬁnancial condition and cash ﬂows. During 2014, the Company recorded a one-time, non-cash adjustment
of $37.4 million related to a change in estimate and reserve methodology through the utilization of a third party actuary. Although we engage third-party experts to
assist us in estimating appropriate insurance accounting reserves, the determination of the required reserves is dependent upon significant actuarial judgments that
have a material impact on our reserves. Changes in our insurance reserves as a result of our periodic evaluation of the related liabilities may cause signiﬁcant
ﬂuctuations in our operating results.
Federal, state and local tax rules can adversely impact our results of operations and ﬁnancial position.
We are subject to Federal, state and local taxes in the United States. Signiﬁcant judgment is required in determining the provision of income taxes. We believe our
income tax estimates are reasonable. Although, if the Internal Revenue Service or other taxing authority disagrees with a taken tax position and upon ﬁnal
adjudication we are unsuccessful, we could incur additional tax liability, including interest and penalties. Such costs and expenses could have a material adverse
impact on our results of operations and ﬁnancial position. Additionally, the taxability of our services is subject to various interpretations within the taxing
jurisdictions of our markets. Consequently, in the ordinary course of business, a jurisdiction may contest our reporting positions with respect to the application of
its tax code to our services. A conﬂicting position taken by a state or local taxation authority on the taxability of our services could result in additional tax liabilities
and could negatively impact our competitive position in that jurisdiction. Additionally, if we fail to comply with applicable tax laws and regulations, we could
suffer civil or criminal penalties in addition to the delinquent tax assessment. In the taxing jurisdictions where our services have been determined to be subject to
tax, the jurisdiction may increase the tax rate assessed on such services. We seek to pass-through to our clients such tax increases. In the event we are not able to
pass-through any portion of the tax increase, our gross margin could be adversely impacted.
9