Iablre,of,C,ontents
Item 1A. Risk Factors.
You should carefully consider the risk factors we have described below, as well as other related information contained within this annual report on Form 10-K as
these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash ﬂows. We believe that the risks described below
are our most signiﬁcant risk factors but there may be risks and uncertainties that are not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial.
We provide services to several clients which contribute significantly, on an individual as well as aggregate basis, to our total revenues.
We have several clients who individually contributed over 5% , with one as high as 9.5% , of our total consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31,
2016 . Although we expect to continue the relationship with these clients, there can be no assurance thereof. The loss, individually or in aggregate, of such clients,
or a signiﬁcant reduction in the revenues we receive from such clients, could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations of our two operating
segments. In addition, if any of these clients change or alter current payment terms it could increase our accounts receivable balance and have a material adverse
effect on our cash ﬂows.
Our clients are concentrated in the health care industry which is subject to changes in government regulation. Many of our clients rely on reimbursement from
Medicare, Medicaid and other third-party payors. Rates from such payors may be altered or reduced, thus affecting our clients’ results of operations and cash
flows.
We provide our services primarily to providers of long-term and post-acute care. We cannot predict what efforts, and to what extent, legislation and proposals to
contain health care costs will ultimately impact our clients’ revenues through reimbursement rate modiﬁcations. Congress has enacted a number of laws during the
past decade that have signiﬁcantly altered, or may alter, overall government reimbursement for nursing home services. Because many of our clients’ revenues are
generally highly reliant on Medicare, Medicaid and other third-party payors’ reimbursement funding rates and mechanisms, the overall effect of these laws and
trends in the long term care industry have affected and could adversely affect our clients’ cash ﬂows, resulting in their inability to make payments to us on agreed
upon payment terms. These factors, in addition to delays in payments from clients have resulted in, and could continue to result in, significant additional bad debts
in the future.
Changes to federal health care reform legislation may adversely affect our operating costs and results of operations.
Continued changes to the health care structure and regulations related to the health insurance industry in the United States could have a continuing impact on our
operating costs. Any requirements to provide additional benefits to our employees or the payment of penalties if such benefits are not provided, would increase our
expense. If we are unable to pass-through these charges to our clients to cover this expense, such increases in expense could adversely impact our operating costs
and results of operations.
In addition, often new regulations result in additional reporting requirements for businesses. These and other requirements could result in increased costs, expanded
liability exposure, and other changes in the way we provide health care insurance and other beneﬁts to our employees.
We have clients located in many states which have had and may continue to experience significant budget deficits and such deficits may result in reduction of
reimbursements to nursing homes.
Many states in which our clients are located have significant budget deficits as a result of lower than projected revenue collections and increased demand for the
funding of entitlements. As a result of these and other adverse economic factors, state Medicaid programs have and may continue to revise reimbursement
structures for nursing home services. Any disruption or delay in the distribution of Medicaid and related payments to our clients will adversely affect their cash
ﬂows and impact their ability to pay us as agreed upon for the services provided.
8