Iablrebeontents
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The management of Healthcare Services Group, Inc. (“Healthcare”, “We” or the “Company”), is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over ﬁnancial reporting. The Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting is deﬁned in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company’s principal executive and principal ﬁnancial officers and
effected by the Company’s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of the Company’s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and
includes those policies and procedures that:
1. Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of assets of the Company;
2. Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of ﬁnancial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the Company; and
3. Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements.
The Company’s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 . In making this
assessment, the Company’s management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control -Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the “2013 Framework”).
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal ﬁnancial officer, we conducted an
evaluation of our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, as prescribed above, for the period covered by this report. Based on our evaluation, our principal
executive officer and principal ﬁnancial officer concluded that the Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016 is effective as a
whole.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate.
The Company’s independent auditors have audited, and reported on, the Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016 .
/s/ Theodore Wahl /s/ John C. Shea
Theodore Wahl John C. Shea
Chief Executive Ofﬁcer Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Executive Ofﬁcer) (Principal Financial and Accounting Ofﬁcer)
February 24, 2017 February 24, 2017
32