IablrebﬁContents
was recorded in the third quarter 2014 and is accounted for as a change in estimate, along with charges related to the corporate reorganization, self-funded health
insurance program transition and other related expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
Concentrations of Credit Risk
Our financial instruments that are subject to concentrations of credit risk are cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, deferred compensation funding and
accounts and notes receivable. We deﬁne our marketable securities as fixed income investments which are highly liquid investments that can be readily purchased
or sold using established markets. At December 31, 2016 and 2015 , substantially all of our cash and cash equivalents, and marketable securities were held in one
large financial institution located in the United States.
Our clients are concentrated in the health care industry, primarily providers of long-term care. Many of our clients’ revenues are highly contingent on Medicare,
Medicaid and third-party payors’ reimbursement funding rates. New legislation or additional changes in existing regulations could be made which could directly
impact the governmental reimbursement programs in which our clients participate. As a result, we may not know the full effects of such programs until these laws
are fully implemented and governmental agencies issue applicable regulations or guidance.
Signiﬁcant Clients
We have several clients who individually contributed over 5% , with one as high as 9.5% , of our total consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31,
2016 . Although we expect to continue relationships with these clients, there can be no assurance thereof. The loss of such clients, or a signiﬁcant reduction in the
revenues we receive from these clients, would have a material adverse effect on the results of operations of our two operating segments. In addition, if such clients
change their respective payment terms it could increase our accounts receivable balance and have a material adverse effect on our cash ﬂows and cash and cash
equivalents.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
In March 2016, the F ASB issued ASU 2016-09, Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. ASU 2016-09 is intended to
simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payments. The guidance will be effective for ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including
interim periods within that year. The Company will adopt the standard beginning January 1, 2017, and is not expecting a material impact to results of operations or
ﬁnancial position. The impacts of adopting the standard will relate to the recognition of excess tax beneﬁts related to share-based payments as a component of
income tax expense, as opposed to in additional paid-in capital; an amendment to the calculation of diluted earnings per share to exclude windfall tax beneﬁts from
assumed proceeds when calculating diluted shares outstanding; as well as accounting for forfeitures of share-based awards as they occur, as opposed to reserving
for estimated forfeitures.
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which was subsequently amended and updated throughout 2015 and
2016. The standard provides guidance on revenue recognition, among other topics such as the accounting for compensation and costs to obtain a contract. The
standard requires that an entity recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reﬂects the consideration to
which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Adoption is required for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with
early adoption prohibited. The Company plans to adopt the standard beginning on January 1, 2018. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of the
adoption of this ASU, as well as determining the transition method that will be applied. Our analysis has consisted of reviewing the nature and terms of our
existing contracts under the provisions of the new guidance and assessing any operational changes and process updates required for compliance. Currently, the
Company does not expect a material impact to our accounting for the revenue we earn related to our Housekeeping and Dietary services. We anticipate that the
most signiﬁcant impact of the new standard will relate to additional disclosure obligations.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases . ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities on their balance sheet related to the
rights and obligations created by most leases, while continuing to recognize expenses on their income statements over the lease term. It will also require
disclosures designed to give financial statement users information regarding the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash ﬂows arising from leases. The guidance is
effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted for all entities. The
Company will adopt the new guidance as of January 1, 2019. We are continuing to evaluate the expected impact of the requirements, however we expect the
primary impact will relate to the capitalization of operating leases of ofﬁce space, vehicles and equipment.
41