Tablebeontents
Service Agreements and Collections
We provide our services primarily pursuant to full service agreements with our clients. In such agreements, we are responsible for the management of the
department serviced, employing the Housekeeping or Dietary personnel located at our clients’ facilities and providing certain supplies. We also provide services on
the basis of management-only agreements for a limited number of clients. In such agreements, our services involve providing on-site management personnel, while
the non-supervisory staff remain employees of the respective client. Although many of our service agreements are cancelable on short notice, we have historically
had a favorable client retention rate and expect to continue to maintain satisfactory relationships with our clients.
We have had varying collections experiences with respect to our accounts and notes receivable. We have sometimes been required to extend the period of payment
for certain clients beyond contractual terms. Such clients include those who have terminated service agreements and slow payers experiencing financial difficulties.
Related to these collection problems, we have recorded bad debt provisions (in an Allowance for Doubtful Accounts) of $4.6 million , $4.3 million and $4.5
million in the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively (see Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves for year-end
balances). As a percentage of total revenues, these provisions represented approximately 0.3% for each of the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 . In
making our credit evaluations, we consider customer-specific risks as well as the general collection risk associated with trends in the long-term care industry. We
establish credit limits, perform ongoing credit evaluations and monitor accounts to minimize the risk of loss. Despite our efforts to minimize credit risk exposure,
our clients could be adversely affected if future industry trends change in such a manner as to negatively impact their cash ﬂows, as discussed in “Government
Regulation of Clients” and “Risk Factors” in this report. If our clients experience a negative impact in their cash ﬂows, it could have a material adverse effect on
our consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
Competition
We compete primarily with the in-house service departments of our potential clients. Most health care facilities perform their own support service functions
without relying upon outside management firms. In addition, a number of local ﬁrms compete with us in the regional markets in which we conduct business.
Several national service firms are larger and have greater financial and marketing resources than us, although historically such firms have concentrated their
marketing efforts primarily on hOSpitals, rather than the long-term care facilities typically serviced by us. Although the competition to provide service to health
care facilities is strong, we believe that we compete effectively for new agreements, as well as renewals of existing agreements, based upon the quality and
dependability of our services and the cost savings we can secure for clients.
Employees
At December 31, 2016 , we employed approximately 48,900 people, of which 5,800 were corporate and field management personnel.
Approximately 11% of our employees are unionized. The majority of these union employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements that are negotiated by
individual client facilities and are assented by us, so as to bind us as an “employer” under the agreements. In other cases, we are direct parties to the agreements.
We may be adversely affected by relations between our client facilities and the employee unions or between us and such unions. We consider our relationship with
our employees to be good.
Available Information
Healthcare Services Group, Inc. is a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and files reports, proxy statements and other
information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission” or “SEC”). The public may read and copy any of our filings at the Commissioner’s
Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the
Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. Additionally, because we make filings to the Commission electronically, you may access this information at the Commission’s
internet site: www.sec. gov . This site contains reports, proxies and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the
Commission.
Website Access
Our website address is www.hcsg. com . Our filings with the Commission, as well as other pertinent financial and Company information are available at no cost on
our website as soon as reasonably practicable after the ﬁling of such reports with the Commission.
7