Iableofﬂontents
We have certain notes receivable that either do not bear interest or bear interest at a below-market rate. Therefore, such notes receivable of $5.7 million and $6.5
million at December 31, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, have been discounted to their present value and are reported at values of $5.7 million and $6.5 million at
December 31, 2016 and 2015 , respectively.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents are held in US. financial institutions or in custodial accounts with US. financial institutions. Cash and cash equivalents are defined as
short-term, highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at time of purchase that are readily convertible into cash and have insignificant
interest rate risk.
Investments in Marketable Securities
We deﬁne our marketable securities as fixed income investments which are highly liquid and can be readily purchased or sold through established markets. At
December 31, 2016 , we had marketable securities of $67.7 million which were comprised primarily of tax exempt municipal bonds. These investments are
accounted for as available-for-sale securities and are reported at fair value on our balance sheet. For the year ended December 31, 2016 , $0.9 million of unrealized
losses related to these investments were recorded in other comprehensive income. Unrealized gains and losses are recorded net of income taxes.
These assets are available for future needs of the Company to support our current and projected growth, if required. Our investment policy is intended to manage
our assets to achieve our goals of preserving principal, maintaining adequate liquidity at all times, and maximizing returns subject to our investment guidelines.
Our investment policy limits investment to certain types of instruments issued by institutions primarily with investment grade credit ratings and places restrictions
on concentration by type and issuer.
We periodically review our investments in marketable securities for other than temporary declines in fair value below the cost basis and whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. As of December 31, 2016 , we believe that the recorded value of
our investments in marketable securities was recoverable in all material respects.
Inventories and Supplies
Inventories and supplies include housekeeping, linen and laundry supplies, as well as food provisions and supplies. Inventories and supplies are stated at cost to
approximate a first-in, ﬁrst-out (FIFO) basis. Linen supplies are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful life of 24 months.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Additions, renewals and improvements are capitalized, while maintenance and repair
costs are expensed when incurred. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective
accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in income. Depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives:
Housekeeping and Dietary equipment — 5 to 7 years; computer hardware and software — 3 to 7 years; and other, consisting of furniture and fixtures, leasehold
improvements and autos and trucks — 5 to 10 years. Depreciation expense on property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014
was $4.8 million , $4.4 million and $3.9 million respectively.
Revenue Recognition
Revenues from our service agreements with clients are recognized as services are performed. Revenues are reported net of sales taxes that are collected from
customers and remitted to taxing authorities.
Income Taxes
We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of taxes payable or
refundable for the current year. We accrue for probable tax obligations as required by facts and circumstances in the various regulatory environments. In addition,
deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of
assets and liabilities. If apprOpriate, we would record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to an amount for which realization is more likely than not.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are more fully described in Note 12.
39