Iablrebeontents
PART 111
Item 10. Directors, Executive Ofﬁcers and Corporate Governance.
The information regarding directors and executive ofﬁcers is incorporated herein by reference to the Company’s deﬁnitive proxy statement to be mailed to its
shareholders in connection with its 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and to be ﬁled within 120 days of the close of the year ended December 31, 2016 .
Code of Ethics
We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all employees, including executive officers and directors. The code of ethics is publicly available on the Corporate
Governance page of our website at www.hcsg. com . If we make any amendments or grant any waivers, including implicit waivers, from a provision of our code of
ethics that applies to our principal executive ofﬁcer, principal financial officer, principal accounting ofﬁcer or any person performing similar functions, we will
disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date and to whom it applies on our website set forth above or in a report on Form 8-K filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.
Item 11. Executive Compensation.
The information regarding executive compensation is incorporated herein by reference to the Company’s deﬁnitive proxy statement to be mailed to shareholders in
connection with its 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and to be ﬁled within 120 days of the close of the ﬁscal year ended December 31, 2016 .
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneﬁcial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
The information regarding security ownership of certain beneﬁcial owners and management and related stockholder matters is incorporated herein by reference to
the Company’s definitive proxy statement to be mailed to shareholders in connection with its 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and to be ﬁled within 120 days
of the close of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016 .
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
The following table sets forth for the Company’s equity compensation plans, on an aggregated basis, the number of shares of its Common Stock subject to
outstanding stock awards, the weighted-average exercise price of stock awards, and the number of shares remaining available for future award grants as of
December 31, 2016 .
Number of Securities Remaining Available
Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Weighted-Average Exercise Price of for Future Issuance Under Equity
Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants Outstanding Options, Warrants and Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities
and Rights Rights Reﬂected in Column (a))
Plan Category (a) (b) (c)
(in thousands, except per share amounts)
Equity compensation plans approved
by security holders 2,615 (1) $ 24.61 4,015 (2)
Equity compensation plans not
approved by security holders — — —
[Total 2,615 $ 24.61 4,015 I
(1) Represents shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock awards granted under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan and carryover shares
from pre-existing Plans.
(2) Includes stock awards to purchase 1.3 million shares available for future grant under the Company’s 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. Also includes 2.3 million
and 0.4 million shares available for issuance under the Company’s 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “1999 Plan”) as amended and the Company’s
Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan, respectively. Treasury shares may be issued under the 1999 Plan and the Company’s Amended and
Restated Deferred Compensation Plan.
58