IablrebﬁCcntents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
Board of Directors and Stockholders
Healthcare Services Group, Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Healthcare Services Group, Inc. (a Pennsylvania corporation) and subsidiaries (the “Company”)
as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 , and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2016 . Our audits of the basic consolidated financial statements included the ﬁnancial statement schedule listed in the
index appearing under Item
15(a)(2). These ﬁnancial statements and ﬁnancial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an
Opinion on these ﬁnancial statements and ﬁnancial statement schedule based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ﬁnancial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining,
on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall ﬁnancial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated ﬁnancial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material reSpects, the ﬁnancial position of Healthcare Services Group,
Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 , and the results of their operations and their cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the related ﬁnancial
statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated ﬁnancial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the
information set forth therein.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company’s internal control over
ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016 , based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (C080), and our report dated February 24, 2017 expressed an unqualiﬁed opinion.
/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP
New York, New York
February 24, 2017
3 1