Tablebfﬂontents
Our business and ﬁnancial results could be adversely aﬂected by unfavorable results of material litigation or governmental inquiries.
We are currently involved in civil litigations and government inquiries which arise in the ordinary course of business. These matters relate to, among other things,
general liability, payroll or employee-related matters, as well as inquiries from governmental agencies. Legal actions could result in substantial monetary damages
and expenses and may adversely affect our reputation and business status with our clients, whether we are ultimately determined to be liable or not. The outcome
of litigation, particularly class action and collective action lawsuits and regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify. The plaintiffs in these types of actions
may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and estimates may remain unknown for substantial periods of time.
We assess contingencies to determine the degree of probability and range of possible loss for potential accrual in our financial statements. We would accrue an
estimated loss contingency in our financial statements if it were probable that a liability had been incurred and the amount of the loss could be reasonably
estimated. Due to the unpredictable and unfavorable nature of litigation, assessing contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events.
The amount of actual losses may differ from our current assessment. As a result of the costs and expenses of defending ourselves against lawsuits or claims, and
risks and consequences of legal actions, regardless of merit, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected or cause variability in our
results compared to expectations.
We primarily provide our services pursuant to agreements which have a one year term, cancelable by either party upon 30 to 90 days’ notice after an initial 60
to 120 day service agreement period.
We do not enter into long-term contractual agreements with our clients for the rendering of our services. Consequently, our clients can unilaterally decrease the
amount of services we provide or terminate all services pursuant to the terms of our service agreements. Any loss of a significant number of clients during the first
year of providing services, for which we have incurred significant start-up costs or have invested in an equipment installation, could in the aggregate materially
adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position.
The Company’s business success depends on the management experience of our key personnel
We manage and provide our services through a network of management personnel, from on-site facility managers to our executive ofﬁcers. Therefore, we believe
that our ability to recruit and sustain the internal development of managerial personnel is an important factor impacting future operating results and our ability to
successfully execute projected growth strategies. Our professional management personnel are the key personnel in maintaining and selling additional services to
current clients and obtaining new clients.
Governmental regulations related to labor, employment, immigration and health and safety could adversely impact our results of operations and ﬁnancial
condition.
Our business is subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations, in areas such as labor, employment, immigration, and health and safety. These laws
frequently evolve through case law, legislative changes and changes in regulatory interpretation, implementation and enforcement. Our policies and procedures and
compliance programs are subject to adjustments in response to these changing regulatory and enforcement environments, which could increase our cost of services
provided. Although we have contractual rights to pass cost increases we incur to our clients due to regulatory changes, our delay in, or inability to pass such costs
of our compliance with legislative changes and changes in regulatory interpretation or enforcement in general, through to our clients, could have a material adverse
effect on our ﬁnancial condition, results of operations and cash ﬂows.
In addition, if we fail to comply with applicable laws, we may be subject to lawsuits, investigations, criminal sanctions or civil remedies, including fines, penalties,
damages, reimbursement, or injunctions. Also, our clients’ facilities are subject to periodic inspection by federal, state, and local authorities for compliance with
state and local departments of health requirements. Expenses resulting from failed inspections of the departments that we service could result in our clients being
ﬁned and seeking recovery from us, which could also adversely impact our ﬁnancial condition, results of operations and cash ﬂows.
10