Iablre,of,C,ontents
Capital Expenditures
The level of our capital expenditures is generally dependent on the number of new clients obtained. Such capital expenditures primarily consist of housekeeping
and food service equipment purchases, laundry and linen equipment installations, computer hardware and software, and furniture and fixtures. Although we have
no specific material commitments for capital expenditures through the end of calendar year 2017 , we estimate that for the period we will have capital expenditures
of $4.5 million to $6.0 million . Our capital expenditures totaled $5.4 million in 2016 .
Material Ojf-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We have no material off-balance sheet arrangements, other than our irrevocable standby letter of credit.
Eﬂects of Inﬂation
Although there can be no assurance thereof, we believe that in most instances we will be able to recover increases in costs attributable to inﬂation by passing
through such cost increases to our clients.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
At December 31, 2016 , we had $91.6 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. The fair values of all of our cash equivalents and marketable
securities are determined based on “Level 1” inputs, which are defined as observable, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in active markets, “Level 2”
inputs, which are deﬁned as quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active or model-based valuation techniques for which all
significant assumptions are observable. We make investments in instruments that meet our credit quality standards, as specified in our investment policy
guidelines.
Investments in both ﬁxed rate and ﬂoating rate investments carry a degree of interest rate risk. The value of fixed rate securities may be adversely impacted due to
an increase in interest rates, while ﬂoating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future
investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates or if there is a decline in the fair value of our investments.
29