Iablrebeontents
Uncertain income tax positions taken or expected to be taken in tax returns are reﬂected within our financial statements based on a recognition and measurement
process.
Earnings per Common Share
Basic earnings per common share are computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average common shares outstanding for the
period. Diluted earnings per common share reﬂect the weighted-average common shares outstanding and dilutive common shares, such as those issuable upon
exercise of stock options and upon the vesting of restricted stock.
Share-Based Compensation
We estimate the fair value of share-based awards on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model for stock options and using the share price on the
date of grant for restricted stock. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized ratably as an expense in the Company’s
consolidated statements of income over the requisite service periods. Because share-based compensation expense is based on awards that are ultimately expected to
vest, share-based compensation expense will be reduced to account for estimated forfeitures. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary,
in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates.
Advertising Costs
Advertising costs are expensed when incurred. Advertising costs were no t material for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 .
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
The carrying amounts of long-lived assets are periodically reviewed to determine whether current events or circumstances warrant adjustment to such carrying
amounts. Any impairment is measured by the amount that the carrying value of such assets exceeds their fair value, primarily based on estimated discounted cash
ﬂows. Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate the fair value of assets. Assets to be disposed of are carried at the lower of their financial
statement carrying amount or fair value, less cost to sell.
Identiﬁable Intangible Assets and Goodwill
Identifiable intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their respective lives. Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of net
assets of acquired businesses. We review the carrying value of goodwill at least annually during the fourth quarter of each year to assess for impairment, or more
often if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may exceeds its estimated fair value. No impairment loss was recognized on our intangible assets
or goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 or 2014 .
Treasury Stock
Treasury stock purchases are accounted for under the cost method whereby the entire cost of the acquired stock is recorded as treasury stock. Gains or losses on the
subsequent reissuance of shares are credited or charged to additional paid in capital.
Reclassiﬁcation
Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.
Change in Accounting Estimate
In fiscal year 2015, the Company transitioned its workers compensation and certain employee health & welfare insurance programs to HCSG Insurance Corp.
(“HCSG Insurance” or the “Captive”), its wholly owned captive insurance subsidiary which was previously providing general liability coverage to the Company.
HCSG Insurance was formed in January 2014 to provide the Company with greater ﬂexibility and cost efficiency in meeting its property & casualty and health &
welfare needs. In conjunction with the aforementioned insurance programs being administered and provided by the Captive, during the third quarter 2014,
management conducted a review of its self-insurance reserves to enhance its self-insurance estimation process. After analysis and consultation with insurance
regulators and advisors, the Company recorded a non-cash adjustment of $37.4 million to reﬂect estimated current and future insurance claims projected to be
closed out over the next 15 to 17 years. This tax-effected adjustment
40