Tablaofﬂontents
We may be adversely affected by inflationary or market ﬂuctuations in the cost of products consumed in providing our services or our cost of labor.
Additionally, we rely on certain vendors for housekeeping, laundry and dietary supplies.
The prices we pay for the principal items we consume in performing our services are dependent primarily on current market prices. We have consolidated certain
supply purchases with national vendors through agreements containing negotiated prospective pricing. In the event such vendors are not able to comply with their
obligations under the agreements and we are required to seek alternative suppliers, we may incur increased costs of supplies.
Dietary supplies, to a much greater extent than Housekeeping supplies, are impacted by commodity pricing factors, which in many cases are unpredictable and
outside of our control. We seek to pass on to clients such increased costs but sometimes we are unable to do so. Even when we are able to pass on the incremental
costs to our clients, from time to time, sporadic unanticipated increases in the costs of certain supply items due to market economic conditions may result in a
timing delay in passing on such increases to our clients. It is this type of spike in Dietary supplies costs that could most adversely affect Dietary’s operating
performance. The adverse effect would be realized if we delay in passing on such costs to our clients or in instances where we may not be able to pass such
increase on to our clients until the time of our next scheduled service billing review. We seek to mitigate the impact of an unanticipated increase in such supplies’
costs through consolidation of vendors, which increases our ability to obtain reduced pricing.
Our cost of labor may be inﬂuenced by unanticipated factors in certain market areas or increases in the respective collective bargaining agreements that we are a
party to. A substantial number of our employees are hourly employees whose wage rates are affected by increases in the federal or state minimum wage rates. As
collective bargaining agreements are renegotiated, we may need to increase the wages paid to bargaining unit employees covered by such collective bargaining
agreements. Although we have contractual rights to pass such union and minimum wage increases through to our clients, our delay in, or inability to pass such
wage increases through to our clients could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash ﬂows.
Any perceived or real health risks related to the food industry could adversely aﬂect our Dietary segment
We are subject to risks affecting the food industry generally, including food spoilage and food contamination. Our products are susceptible to contamination by
disease-producing organisms, or pathogens, such as listeria monocytogenes, salmonella, campylobacter, hepatitis A, trichinosis and generic E. coli. Because these
pathogens are generally found in the environment, there is a risk that these pathogens could be introduced to our products as a result of improper handling at the
manufacturing, processing or food service level. Our suppliers’ manufacturing facilities and products are subject to extensive laws and regulations relating to
health, food preparation, sanitation and safety standards. Difﬁculties or failures by these companies in obtaining any required licenses or approvals or otherwise
complying with such laws and regulations could adversely affect our revenue that is generated from these companies. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that
compliance with governmental regulations by our suppliers will eliminate the risks related to food safety.
Additionally, the Company may be subject to liability if the consumption of our food products causes injury, illness or death. Even if a product liability claim is
unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that the Company’s products caused injury or illness could adversely affect
the Company’s reputation.
Events reported in the media, such as incidents involving food-borne illnesses or food tampering, whether or not accurate, can cause damage to the reputation of
our dietary segment. In addition, to the extent there is an outbreak of food related illness in any of our client facilities, it could materially harm our business, results
of operations and ﬁnancial condition.
Changes in interest rates and changes in ﬁnancial market conditions may result in ﬂuctuating and even negative returns in our investments, and could
increase the cost of the borrowings under our borrowing agreements.
Although management believes we have a prudent investment policy, we are exposed to ﬂuctuations in interest rates and in the market values of our investment
portfolio which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Our marketable securities are primarily invested in municipal bonds. We
believe that our investment criteria, which include limiting our concentrations of investments in individual locations’ bonds, requiring certain credit ratings and
monitoring our investments’ duration period, reduce our exposure related to the financial distress and budget shortfalls that many state and local governments
currently face. Increases in market interest rates in our borrowing agreements that have variable interest rates could adversely affect our payment obligations and
adversely affect our liquidity and earnings.
1 1