Iableofﬂontents
governmental actions, anticipated stafﬁng levels, and our use of labor may adversely impact these costs. Similarly, an increase in the costs of supplies, including
linen costs, consumed in performing Housekeeping services may impact Housekeeping’s operating performance. In 2016 , the cost of Housekeeping supplies as a
percentage of Housekeeping revenues was 7.8% . Generally, the cost of such supplies is dictated by speciﬁc product market conditions, which are subject to price
ﬂuctuations inﬂuenced by factors outside of our control. Where possible, we negotiate ﬁxed pricing from vendors for an extended period of time on certain
supplies to mitigate such price ﬂuctuations.
Dietary
Dietary services represented approximately 38.7% , or $605.5 million , of consolidated revenues in 2016 . Dietary consists of managing the client’s dietary
department which is principally responsible for food purchasing, meal preparation and professional dietitian services, which includes the development of menus
that meet the dietary needs of residents. On—site management is responsible for all daily dietary department activities, with regular support being provided by a
District Manager specializing in Dietary services, as well as a registered dietitian. We also offer clinical consulting services to facilities to assist them in cost
containment and to promote improvement in their dietary department service operations.
Dietary operating performance is also impacted by price ﬂuctuations in labor and supply costs resulting from similar factors discussed above in Housekeeping. In
2016 , the costs of labor and food-related supplies represented approximately 53.8% and 38.0% of Dietary revenues, respectively.
Operational Management Structure
By applying our professional management techniques, we offer our clients the ability to manage certain housekeeping, laundry, linen, facility maintenance and
dietary services and costs. We manage and provide our services through a network of management personnel, as illustrated below.
I Divisional Manager I
I Regional Manager and Director I
I District Manager I
I Facility Manager I
Facilities are managed by an on-site Facility Manager, and if necessary, additional supervisory personnel. Such facility-level management personnel are
responsible for the management of staff, scheduling, procurement, customer service, quality control and overall day-to-day management of the Housekeeping or
Dietary function.
Districts typically consist of eight to twelve facilities and District Managers oversee the operations of the facilities within their districts. Their responsibilities
include oversight of Facility Managers through management of personnel, operational performance, quality control monitoring, customer satisfaction and
adherence to our systems and budgets.
Districts are organized into regions, which are headed by Regional Managers who oversee approximately four to six districts. Regional Managers provide
management support, training and personnel management, while ensuring operational performance consistent with our systems and budgets. Regional Directors are
primarily responsible for marketing our services within their regions, which involves industry outreach, overseeing and participation in contract negotiation, and
working closely with Regional Managers to ensure customer satisfaction and promote retention and growth.
Divisions generally consist of four to six regions and are overseen by Divisional Managers, who are ultimately responsible for all aspects of the operational,
compliance and financial-based performance of their divisions.
We believe that our divisional, regional and district organizational structure facilitates our ability to best serve our clients, expand our service offerings to existing
clients and obtain new clients.
5