IableoﬁContents
Investor and market expectations regarding our financial performance are high and rely greatly on execution of our growth strategy and related increases in
ﬁnancial performance.
Management believes the historical performance of our Common Stock reﬂect high market expectations for our future operating results. Our ability to attract new
clients through organic growth or acquisitions, and retain existing clients, has enabled us to execute our growth strategy and increase market share historically,
however this cannot be guaranteed in the future. Our business strategy focuses on growth and improving proﬁtability through obtaining service agreements with
new clients, providing new services to existing clients, obtaining modest price increases on service agreements with clients and maintaining internal cost reduction
strategies at our various operational levels. In respect to providing new services to new or existing clients, our strategy is to achieve corresponding proﬁt margins
in each of our segments. If we are unable to continue either historical client revenue and profitability growth rates or projected improvement, our operating
performance may be adversely affected and the high expectations for our market performance may not be met. Any failure to meet the market’s high expectations
for our revenue and operating results may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock.
Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our ability to report our financial results on a
timely and accurate basis.
Failure to maintain appropriate and effective internal controls over our ﬁnancial reporting could result in misstatements in our ﬁnancial statements and potentially
subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, and could cause us to delay the filing of required reports with the SEC and our
reporting of ﬁnancial results. Any of these events could result in a decline in the market price of our Common Stock. Although we have taken steps to maintain our
internal control structure as required, we cannot guarantee that control deficiencies will not result in a misstatement in the future.
Any decrease in or suspension of our dividend could cause our stock price to decline.
We expect to continue to pay a regular quarterly cash dividend. However, our dividend policy and the payment of future cash dividends under the policy are
subject to the ﬁnal determination each quarter by our Board of Directors that (i) the dividend will be made in compliance with laws applicable to the declaration
and payment of cash dividends, including Section 1551(b) of the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law, and (ii) the policy remains in our best interests, which
determination will be based on a number of factors, including the impact of changing laws and regulations, economic conditions, our results of operations and/or
ﬁnancial condition, capital resources, the ability to satisfy financial covenants and other factors considered relevant by the Board of Directors. While we have
continually increased the amount of our dividends, given these considerations, there can be no assurance these increases will continue and our Board of Directors
may increase or decrease the amount of the dividend at any time and may also decide to suspend or discontinue the payment of cash dividends in the future. Any
decrease in the amount of the dividend, or suspension or discontinuance of payment of a dividend, could cause our stock price to decline.
12