Tablebfﬂontents
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.
None.
Item 2. Properties.
We lease our corporate ofﬁces, located at 3220 Tillman Drive, Suite 300, Bensalem, Pennsylvania 19020. We also lease office space at other locations in
Pennsylvania, Colorado, South Carolina, Connecticut, Georgia, Illinois, California and New Jersey. The New Jersey office is the headquarters of our subsidiaries,
including HCSG Insurance Corp. The other locations serve as divisional or regional offices providing management and administrative services to both of our
operating segments in their respective geographical areas.
We are also provided with office and storage space at each of our client facilities.
Management does not foresee any difficulties with regard to the continued utilization of all of the aforementioned premises. We also believe that such properties
are sufficient to support our current operations.
We own office furniture and equipment, housekeeping and laundry equipment, and vehicles. The office furniture and equipment and vehicles are primarily located
at our corporate office, divisional and regional offices. We have housekeeping equipment at all client facilities where we provide services under a full service
housekeeping agreement. Generally, the aggregate cost of housekeeping equipment located at each client facility is approximately $3,000. Additionally, we have
laundry installations at certain client facilities. Our cost of such laundry installations ranges between $5,000 and $100,000. We believe that such laundry
equipment, office furniture and equipment, housekeeping equipment and vehicles are sufficient to support our current operations.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
In the normal course of business, the Company is involved in various administrative and legal proceedings, including labor and employment, contractual, personal
injury, workers compensation and insurance matters. The Company believes it is not a party to, nor are any of its properties the subject of, any pending legal
proceeding or governmental examination that would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated financial condition or liquidity. However, in
light of the uncertainties involved in such proceedings, the ultimate outcome of a particular matter could become material to the Company’s results of operations
for a particular period depending on, among other factors, the size of the loss or liability imposed and the level of the Company’s operating income for that period.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.
Not applicable.
13