Iablre,of,C,ontents
expense all or a portion of the asset. The determination of fair value includes numerous uncertainties, such as the impact of competition on future value. We
believe that we have made reasonable estimates and judgments in determining whether our long-term assets have been impaired; however, if there is a material
change in the assumptions used in our determination of fair value or if there is a material change in economic conditions or circumstances inﬂuencing fair value,
we could be required to recognize certain impairment charges in the future. As a result of our most recent reviews, no changes in asset values were required.
Income Taxes
Deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences related to temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for tax purposes at each year-end, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the
differences are expected to affect taxable income. A valuation allowance is established when necessary based on the weight of available evidence, if it is
considered more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Income tax expense is the sum of current income tax plus the
change in deferred tax assets and liabilities.
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous state and local jurisdictions. The determination of the income tax provision is an inherently
complex process, requiring management to interpret continually changing regulations and to make certain significant judgments. Our assumptions, judgments and
estimates relative to the amount of deferred income taxes take into account scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, recent financial operations, estimates of
the amount of future taxable income and available tax planning strategies. Actual operating results in future years could render our current assumptions, judgments
and estimates inaccurate. No assurance can be given that the final impact of these matters will not be different from that which is reﬂected in the Company’s
historical income tax provisions and accruals. The Company adjusts these items in light of changing facts and circumstances. To the extent that the ﬁnal impact of
these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences could have a material effect on the income tax provisions or benefits in the periods in which
such determinations are made.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
At December 31, 2016 , we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $91.6 million and working capital of $3 13.8 million compared to December 31,
2015 cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $102.7 million and working capital of $269.3 million . Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities, as well as the cash flows that we generate through our operations, are our principal sources of liquidity. As of December 31, 2016 , we had an unused
line of credit of $136.3 million . Our current ratio at December 31, 2016 increased to 4.1 to 1 from 3.8 to 1 at December 31, 2015 . On a historical basis, our
operations have produced consistent cash ﬂow and have required limited capital resources. We believe that the combination of our current and near term cash ﬂow
positions, coupled with our existing short—term financing arrangements, will enable us to fund our continued anticipated growth. We also believe that, due to our
conservative capital structure and historical and projected financial performance, other sources of liquidity would be readily available to assist in funding future
growth.
For the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , our cash ﬂows were as follows:
Year Ended December 31,
2016 2015 2014
(in thousands)
'Net cash provided by operating activities $ 41,400 $ 63,361 $ 57,730 ‘
Net cash used in investing activities $ (6,452) $ (62,314) $ (6,460)
lNet cash used in financing activities 3; (44,284) $ (43,138) $ (40,145) 1
Operating A ctivities
Our primary sources of cash are the revenues generated from our Housekeeping and Dietary services. Our primary uses of cash are the funding of our payroll and
other personnel-related costs, as well as the costs of supplies used in providing our services. The timing of cash receipts and cash payments are the primary drivers
of the period-over—period changes in net cash provided by operating activities.
26