Note 16—Other Contingencies
Line of Credit
We have a $ 200 million bank line of credit on which we may draw to meet short-term liquidity requirements. Amounts drawn under the line of credit are payable
upon demand. At December 31, 2016 , there were no borrowings under the line of credit. However, at such date, we had outstanding a $63.7 million irrevocable
standby letter of credit, which relates to payment obligations under our insurance programs. As a result of the letter of credit issued, the amount available under the
line of credit was reduced by $63.7 million at December 31, 2016 . The line of credit requires us to satisfy one ﬁnancial covenant. We are in compliance with our
ﬁnancial covenant at December 31, 2016 and expect to continue to remain in compliance with such ﬁnancial covenant. This line of credit expires on December 18,
2018 . We believe the line of credit will be renewed at that time.
On January 3, 2017 , the letter of credit increased to $67.2 million and the amount available under the line of credit was reduced by $3.5 million .
Tax Jurisdictions and Matters
We provide our services throughout the continental United States and are subject to numerous local taxing jurisdictions. In the ordinary course of business, a
jurisdiction may contest our reporting positions with reSpect to the application of its tax code to our services. A jurisdiction’s conﬂicting position on the taxability
of our services could result in additional tax liabilities.
We have tax matters with various taxing authorities. Because of the uncertainties related to both the probable outcomes and amount of probable assessments due,
we are unable to make a reasonable estimate of a liability. We do not expect the resolution of any of these matters, taken individually or in the aggregate, to have a
material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations based on our best estimate of the outcomes of such matters.
Legal Proceedings
We are also subject to various claims and legal actions in the ordinary course of business. Some of these matters include payroll and employee-related matters and
examinations by governmental agencies. As we become aware of such claims and legal actions, we record accruals for any exposures that are probable and
estimable. If an adverse outcome of such claims and legal actions is reasonably possible, we assess materiality and provide such ﬁnancial disclosure, as
appr0priate. The Company believes it is not a party to, nor are any of its properties the subject of, any pending legal proceeding or governmental examination that
would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated ﬁnancial condition or liquidity.
Government Regulations
Our clients are concentrated in the health care industry and are primarily providers of long-term care. Many of our clients’ revenues are highly reliant on Medicare,
Medicaid and third-party payors’ reimbursement funding rates. New legislation or additional changes in existing regulations could be made which could directly
impact the governmental reimbursement programs in which our clients participate. As a result, we may not know the full effects of such programs until these laws
are fully implemented and governmental agencies issue applicable regulations or guidance.
Note 17—Accrued Insurance Claims
We currently have a Paid Loss Retrospective Insurance Plan for general liability and workers’ compensation insurance, which comprise approximately 46.2% of
our liabilities at December 31, 2016 . Under our insurance plans for general liability and workers’ compensation, predetermined loss limits are arranged with our
insurance company to limit both our per occurrence cash outlay and annual insurance plan cost. Our accounting for this plan utilizes current valuations from a third
party actuary, which include assumptions based on data such as historical claims, pay-out experience, demographic factors, industry trends, severity factors, and
other actuarial calculations. In the event that our claims experience and/or industry trends result in an unfavorable change in our assumptions or outcomes, it would
have an adverse effect on our results of operations and ﬁnancial condition.
For workers’ compensation and general liability, we record both a reserve for the estimated future cost of claims and related expenses that have been reported but
not settled, as well as an estimate of claims incurred but not reported. Such reserves for claims incurred but not reported are developed by a third party actuary
through review of our historical data and open claims.
55