IableofContents
(2) Gains on the deferred compensation plan investments are reﬂected as increases to selling, general and administrative expense, as such gains increase the
amount of the deferred compensation liability. Losses on the deferred compensation plan investments are reﬂected as decreases to selling, general and
administrative expense, as such losses decrease the amount of the deferred compensation liability.
Excluding the change in the deferred compensation plan, consolidated selling, general and administrative expense for 2015 increased $5.2 million or 4.8%
compared to 2014 , related primarily to legal expenses associated with settlements regarding certain employment related matters. The change in the value of the
deferred compensation plan is a result of changes in the market value on the balance of investments held in our deferred compensation plan.
Consolidatedlnvestment,and,Net,Interestlncome
Investment and interest income, as a percentage of consolidated revenues, decreased to less than 1% for 2015 compared to 0.1% for 2014 . We recognized a
decrease in the market value of the investments held in our deferred compensation fund compared to an increase in the market value in the prior year.
ConsolidatedlncomezTaxes
Our effective tax rate was 35.4% for 2015 and 31.1% for 2014 . Such differences between the effective tax rates and the applicable US. federal statutory rate arise
primarily from the effect of state and local taxes and tax credits available to the Company. The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to the greater
impact of tax credits as a percentage of a lower pre-tax book income in 2014 as compared to the current year. The Company receives credits related to the Work
Opportunity Tax Credit (“WOTC”) program which has had a history of expiration with short renewal periods. The WOTC expired at December 31, 2013 but was
subsequently extended to December 31, 2019. The tax effect of this renewal was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting standards generally accepted in the United States (“US GAAP”) requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
We consider the policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our ﬁnancial statements because their application requires judgment. Therefore, it
should be noted that financial reporting results rely on estimating the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Speciﬁc risks for these critical accounting
policies and estimates are described in the following paragraphs. For these estimates, we caution that future events do not always occur as forecasted, and the best
estimates routinely require adjustment. Any such adjustments or revisions to estimates could result in material differences to previously reported amounts.
The policies discussed are not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular
transaction is specifically dictated by US GAAP, with no need for our judgment in their application. There are also areas in which our judgment in selecting
another available alternative would not produce a materially different result. See our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto which are included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which contain accounting policies and other disclosures required by US. GAAP.
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
The allowance for doubtful accounts (the “Allowance”) is established as losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for bad debts charged to
earnings. The Allowance is evaluated based on our ongoing review of accounts and notes receivable and is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are
susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available.
We have had varying collections experience with respect to our accounts and notes receivable. We have sometimes been required to extend the period of payment
for certain clients beyond contractual terms. Such clients include those who have terminated service agreements and slow payers experiencing financial difficulties.
In making credit evaluations, in addition to analyzing and anticipating, where possible, the specific cases described above, we consider customer-specific risks as
well as the general collection risks associated with trends in the long-term care industry. We establish credit limits, perform ongoing credit evaluations, and
monitor accounts to minimize the risk of loss.
We regularly evaluate our accounts and notes receivable for impairment or loss of value and when appropriate, will record an Allowance for such receivables. We
generally follow a policy of reserving for receivables due from clients in bankruptcy, clients with which we are in litigation for collection and other slow paying
clients. The Allowance is adjusted as additional information
24