Iablre,of,C,ontents
The following table summarizes the contractual maturities of debt securities held at December 31, 2016 and 2015 , which are classified as marketable securities in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets:
Municipal Bonds — Available for Sale
December 31,
2016 2015
(in thousands)
iContractual maturity: ‘
Maturing in one year or less $ 973 $ 774
’Maturing in second year through fifth year 28,671 13,852 1
Maturing in sixth year through tenth year 21,651 36,273
’Maturing after ten years 16,435 18,597 1
Total debt securities $ 67,730 $ 69,496
Note 6— Accounts and Notes Receivable
Many of our clients participate in programs funded by federal and state governmental agencies. Because our clients’ revenues are generally dependent on Medicare
and Medicaid reimbursement funding rates and mechanisms, changes in regulations and trends in the long term care industry have affected and could adversely
affect our clients’ cash flows, resulting in their inability to make payments to us on agreed upon payment terms. These factors, in addition to other delays in
payments from clients, have resulted in and could continue to result in significant additional bad debts in the near future. Whenever possible, when a client falls
behind in making agreed-upon payments, we convert the unpaid accounts receivable to interest bearing promissory notes. The promissory notes provide a means to
better evidence the amounts owed, materially enhance our ability to defend the validity of the debt, and memorialize a deﬁnitive repayment plan, each of which
may enhance our ability to collect the amounts due. Accounts and notes receivable are stated net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. At December 31, 2016 and
2015 , we had $ 19.2 million and $ 16.8 million , net of reserves, respectively, of such promissory notes outstanding. Additionally, we consider restructuring
service agreements from full service to management-only service in the case of certain clients experiencing significant financial difficulties. We believe that such
restructurings may provide us with a means to maintain a relationship with the client while at the same time minimizing collection exposure.
Note 7— Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
The allowance for doubtful accounts is established as losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for bad debts charged to earnings and is included in
the costs of services provided caption in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The allowance for doubtful accounts is evaluated based on our
ongoing review of accounts and notes receivable and is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information
becomes available.
We have had varying collections experience with respect to our accounts and notes receivable. We have sometimes been required to extend the period of payment
for certain clients beyond contractual terms. Such clients include those who have terminated service agreements and slow payers experiencing financial difficulties.
In order to provide for these collection problems and the general risk associated with the granting of credit terms, we have recorded the following bad debt
provisions (in an Allowance for Doubtful Accounts):
Year Ended December 31,
2016 2015 2014
(in thousands)
[Bad debt provision as 4,629 $ 4,335 $ 4,470 1
In making our credit evaluations, in addition to analyzing and anticipating, where possible, the speciﬁc cases described above, we consider the general collection
risk associated with trends in the long-term care industry. We establish credit limits, perform ongoing credit evaluation and monitor accounts to minimize the risk
of loss. Despite our efforts to minimize credit risk exposure, our clients could be adversely affected if future industry trends change in such a manner as to
negatively impact their cash ﬂows. If our clients experience a negative impact on their cash ﬂows, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and ﬁnancial condition.
46