IableoﬂContents
PART I
In this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 , Healthcare Services Group, Inc. (together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries,
included in Exhibit 21 which has been filed as part of this Report) is referred to using terms such as the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our.”
Item I. Business.
General
The Company is a Pennsylvania corporation, incorporated on November 22, 1976. We provide management, administrative and operating expertise and services to
the housekeeping, laundry, linen, facility maintenance and dietary service departments of the health care industry, including nursing homes, retirement complexes,
rehabilitation centers and hOSpitals located throughout the United States. We believe that we are the largest provider of our services to the long-term care industry
in the United States, rendering such services to over 3,500 facilities in the continental United States as of December 31, 2016 . We provide our Housekeeping
services to essentially all of our client facilities and we provide Dietary services to over 1,000 facilities. Although we do not directly participate in any government
reimbursement programs, our clients receive government reimbursements related to Medicare and Medicaid. Therefore, they are directly affected by any
legislation and regulations relating to Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement programs.
Segment Information
The information called for herein is discussed below in Description of Services, and within Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Note 14 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 .
Description of Services
We are organized into, and provide our services through two reportable segments: housekeeping, laundry, linen and other services (“Housekeeping”), and dietary
department services (“Dietary”). The Company’s corporate headquarters provides centralized financial management and support, legal services, human resources
management and other administrative services to the Housekeeping and Dietary business segments.
Both segments provide our services primarily pursuant to full service agreements with our clients. In such agreements, we are responsible for the management of
the department serviced, employing the Housekeeping or Dietary personnel located at our clients’ facilities and providing certain supplies. We also provide
services on the basis of management-only agreements for a limited number of clients. Under a management-only agreement, we provide management and
supervisory services while the client facility retains payroll responsibility for the non-supervisory staff. Our agreements with clients typically provide for
renewable one year service terms, cancelable by either party upon 30 to 90 days’ notice after an initial period of 60 to 120 days.
We typically adopt and follow our clients’ employee wage structure, including policies of wage rate increases, and pass through to the client any labor cost
increases associated with such wage rate adjustments.
Our labor force is interchangeable with respect to the services within Housekeeping, while our Dietary labor force is specific to Dietary operations. In addition,
there are some differences in the expertise of the professional management personnel responsible for the services of the respective segments. We believe the
services of each segment provide opportunities for growth.
Housekeeping
Housekeeping represented approximately 61.3% , or $957.1 million , of consolidated revenues in 2016 . The services provided under this segment include
managing the client’s housekeeping department which is principally responsible for the cleaning, disinfecting and sanitizing of resident rooms and common areas
of a client’s facility, as well as the laundering and processing of the bed linens, uniforms, resident personal clothing and other assorted linen items utilized at a
client facility. Upon beginning service with a client facility, we typically hire and train the employees that were previously employed by such facility and assign an
on-site manager to supervise and train the front line personnel and coordinate housekeeping services with other facility support functions in accordance with client
request. Such management personnel also oversee the execution of various of quality and cost-control procedures including continuous training and employee
evaluation, and on-site testing for infection control.
Housekeeping’s operating performance is significantly impacted by our management of labor costs. Labor accounted for approximately 80.2% of Housekeeping
revenues. Changes in employee compensation resulting from legislative or other
4