Iablrebfﬂontents
Healthcare Services Group, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years Ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014
Note 1— Description of Business and Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Nature of Operations
We provide management, administrative and operating expertise and services to the housekeeping, laundry, linen, facility maintenance and dietary service
departments of the health care industry, including nursing homes, retirement complexes, rehabilitation centers and hospitals located throughout the United States.
Although we do not directly participate in any government reimbursement programs, our clients receive government reimbursements related to Medicare and
Medicaid. Therefore, they are directly affected by any legislation relating to Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement programs.
We provide our services primarily pursuant to full service agreements with our clients. In such agreements, we are responsible for the day to day management of
the employees located at our clients’ facilities. We also provide services on the basis of a management-only agreements for a limited number of clients. Our
agreements with clients typically provide for a one year service term, cancelable by either party upon 30 to 90 days’ notice, after the initial 60 to 120 day period.
We are organized into two reportable segments; housekeeping, laundry, linen and other services (“Housekeeping”), and dietary department services (“Dietary”).
Housekeeping consists of managing of the client’s housekeeping department which is principally responsible for the cleaning, disinfecting and sanitizing of
resident rooms and common areas of a client’s facility, as well as the laundering and processing of the bed linens, uniforms, resident personal clothing and other
assorted linen items utilized at a client facility.
Dietary consists of managing the client’s dietary department which is principally responsible for food purchasing, meal preparation and dietitian professional
services, which includes the development of a menu that meets the residents’ dietary needs.
Use of Estimates in Financial Statements
In preparing financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles (“US GAAP”), we make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the ﬁnancial statements, as well as the
reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates are used for, but are not limited to,
our allowance for doubtful accounts, accrued insurance claims, asset valuations and review for potential impairment, and deferred taxes. The estimates are based
upon various factors including current and historical trends, as well as other pertinent industry and regulatory authority information. We regularly evaluate this
information to determine if it is necessary to update the basis for our estimates and to compensate for known changes.
Principles of Consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Healthcare Services Group, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant
intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
We determine fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. We utilize valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs (Levels 1 and 2) and minimize the use of unobservable inputs (Level
3) within the fair value hierarchy. Assets and liabilities are classiﬁed within the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level (least observable) input that is
significant to the measurement in its entirety.
Our ﬁnancial instruments that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis consist of marketable securities and our deferred compensation fund investments.
Other financial instruments such as cash and cash equivalents, accounts and notes receivable and accounts payable (including income taxes payable and accrued
expenses) are short-term in nature, and therefore the carrying value of these instruments is deemed to approximate their fair value.
38