IableoﬁContents
OpenStack, and other companies have indicated their intention to expand offerings of virtual management and cloud computing solutions as well. Additionally, a
number of enterprise IT hardware vendors have released solutions based on OpenStack including IBM and Cisco.
Other industry alliances . Many of our competitors have entered into or extended partnerships or other strategic relationships to offer more comprehensive
virtualization and cloud computing solutions than they individually had offered. We expect these trends to continue as companies attempt to strengthen or maintain
their positions in the evolving virtualization infrastructure and enterprise IT solutions industry. These alliances may result in more compelling product and service
offerings than we offer.
Our partners and members of our developer and technology partner ecosystem . We face competition from our partners. For example, third parties currently
selling our products and services could build and market their own competing products and services or market competing products and services of other vendors.
Additionally, as formerly distinct sectors of enterprise IT such as software-based virtualization and hardware-based server, networking and storage solutions
converge, we also increasingly compete with companies who are members of our developer and technology partner ecosystem. Consequently, we may ﬁnd it more
difﬁcult to continue to work together productively on other projects, and the advantages we derive from our ecosystem could diminish.
This competition could result in increased pricing pressure and sales and marketing expenses, thereby materially reducing our operating margins, and could
also prevent our new products and services from gaining market acceptance, thereby harming our ability to increase, or causing us to lose, market share.
The loss of key management personnel could harm our business.
We depend on the continued services of key management personnel. We generally do not have employment or non-compete agreements with our employees,
and, therefore, they could terminate their employment with us at any time without penalty and could pursue employment opportunities with any of our competitors.
In addition, we do not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. The loss of key management personnel could harm our business.
Competition for our target employees is intense and costly, and we may not be able to attract and retain highly skilled employees.
To execute on our strategy, we must continue to attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense, especially for senior
sales executives and engineers with signiﬁcant experience designing and developing software and cloud offerings. We may not be successful in attracting and
retaining qualiﬁed personnel. We have in the past experienced, and we expect to continue to experience in the future, difﬁculty in hiring and retaining highly
skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have.
Research and development personnel are also aggressively recruited by startup and emerging growth companies, which are especially active in many of the
technical areas and geographic regions in which we conduct product and service development. Competition for our key personnel results in increased costs in the
form of cash and stock-based compensation and can have a dilutive impact on our stock. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current
personnel, our business and future growth prospects could suffer.
Adverse economic conditions may harm our business.
Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology (“IT”) and on the economic health of our current and prospective customers. The
purchase of our products and services is often discretionary and may involve a significant commitment of capital and other resources. Weak economic conditions
or signiﬁcant uncertainty regarding the stability of financial markets could adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results in a number of
ways, including by lengthening sales cycles, affecting the size of enterprise agreements (“EAs”) that customers will commit to, reducing the level of our non-EA
transactional sales, lowering prices for our products and services, reducing unit sales and reducing the rate of adoption of our products and services by new
customers and the willingness of current customers to purchase upgrades to our existing products and services. For example, a recurrence of the sovereign debt
crisis in Europe, repercussions from the vote by the United Kingdom to exit the European Union or that region’s failure to recover from recession would threaten
to suppress demand and our customers’ access to credit in that region, which is an important market for our products and services. In response to sustained
economic uncertainty, many national and local governments that are current or prospective customers for our products and services, including the US. federal
government, have made, or threatened to make, significant spending cutbacks which could reduce the amount of government spending on IT and the potential
demand for our products and services from the government sector.
Regional economic uncertainty can also result in general and ongoing tightening in the credit markets, lower levels of liquidity, increases in the rates of default
and bankruptcy and signiﬁcant volatility in the credit, equity and fixed income markets. Changes in governmental ﬁscal, monetary and tax policies may also
impact interest rates on credit and debt, which have been at historically low levels for several years. As a result, current or potential customers may be unable to
fund software
14