Iablre,of,C,ontents
sales were invoiced and collected in non-US. dollar denominated currencies. The realized gain or loss on foreign currency transactions is dependent upon the types
of foreign currency transactions that we enter into, the exchange rates associated these transactions and changes in those rates, the net realized gain or loss on our
foreign currency forward contracts, and other factors. Although we hedge a portion of our foreign currency exposure, a significant ﬂuctuation in exchange rates
between the US. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our operating results. For example, we experienced a measurable negative impact to our
revenue in 2015 due to exchange rate ﬂuctuations. Any further weakening of foreign currency exchange rates against the US. dollar would likely result in
additional adverse impact on our revenue.
We operate a global business that exposes us to additional risks.
Our international activities account for a substantial portion of our revenue and proﬁts, and we plan to further expand internationally. In addition, our
investment portfolio includes investments in non-US. ﬁnancial instruments and holdings in non-US. financial institutions, including European institutions. In
addition to the risks described elsewhere in these risk factors, our international operations subject us to a variety of risks, including:
- difﬁculties in enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable and longer payment cycles, especially in emerging markets;
- difﬁculties in delivering support, training and documentation in certain foreign markets;
0 tariffs and trade barriers and other regulatory or contractual limitations on our ability to sell or develop our products and services in certain foreign
markets;
0 changes and instability in government policies and international trade arrangements that could adversely affect the ability of U.S.-based companies to
conduct business in non-US. markets;
0 economic or political instability and security concerns in countries that are important to our international sales and operations;
- difﬁculties in transferring funds from certain countries;
0 increased compliance risks, particularly in emerging markets; and
- difﬁculties in maintaining appr0priate controls relating to revenue recognition practices.
For example, the Chinese government is working to implement new network security standards that will require IT systems being sold into certain key sectors
to be certiﬁed as “secure and controllable.” As part of that effort, in December 2014, standards were implemented in the banking sector requiring IT companies
selling to Chinese banks to submit their software and other technology to intrusive security testing, include indigenous Chinese intellectual property and encryption
technology in their software and disclose source code and other proprietary information to the Chinese government. Implementation of these standards was
subsequently suspended in light of concerns communicated by banks and other parties. However, in 2015 and 2016, the government has continued to enact or
propose additional laws and regulations to address information and network security. For example, in July 2015, China enacted a State Security Law authorizing
the government to implement a system for maintaining the security of networks and information. In November 2015, the insurance regulator in China issued draft
insurance cyber rules that would require insurance companies to have compliant encryption tools, secure and compliant hardware and software products, and data
storage. In December 2015, China enacted an Anti-Terrorism Law that gives local public security and state security authorities the broad discretionary authority to
require companies to provide access to their equipment and decryption support in particular cases. Failure to comply with such requests can result in ﬁnes and
imprisonment. In addition, a broad range of businesses will be required to verify the identities of customers and prohibit the provision of services to customers
whose identities are unclear or who refuse to cooperate in the veriﬁcation process. In November 2016, China’s legislature enacted a Network Security Law that
comes into effect June 1, 2017 and that contemplates data localization measures and other network security measures relevant to a vaguely deﬁned scope of “key
information infrastructure.” If we are not able to, or choose not to, comply with these and other information and network security standards that the Chinese
government might implement in the future, our business in China may suffer.
Furthermore, if we fail to comply with legal and regulatory requirements covering the foreign activities of US. corporations, such as export control
requirements and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as well as with local regulatory requirements in non-US. jurisdictions, we may be exposed to significant ﬁnes
and penalties and reputational harm. These risks will increase as we expand our operations in locations with a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent
business practices.
In addition, potential fallout from past disclosures related to the US. Internet and communications surveillance and possible efforts to enable increased
surveillance could make foreign customers reluctant to purchase products and services from U.S.-based technology companies and impair our growth rate in
foreign markets.
Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could negatively affect our reputation and adversely affect our operating results.
17