Iablre,of,C,ontents
areas now and may engage in increased competition with us in the future. In addition, the intellectual property agreement that we have entered into with EMC
(which is controlled by Dell) provides EMC the ability to use our source code and intellectual property, which, subject to limitations, it may use to produce certain
products that compete with ours. EMC’s rights in this regard extend to its majority-owned subsidiaries, which could include joint ventures where EMC holds a
majority position and one or more of our competitors hold minority positions.
Dell could assert control over us in a manner that could impede our growth or our ability to enter new markets or otherwise adversely affect our business.
Further, Dell could utilize its control over us to cause us to take or refrain from taking certain actions, including entering into relationships with channel,
technology and other marketing partners, enforcing our intellectual property rights or pursuing business combinations, other corporate opportunities (which EMC
is expressly permitted to pursue under the circumstances set forth in our certiﬁcate of incorporation) or product development initiatives that could adversely affect
our competitive position, including our competitive position relative to that of Dell in markets where we compete with Dell. In addition, Dell maintains significant
partnerships with certain of our competitors, including Microsoft.
Dell’s competition in certain markets may affect our ability to build and maintain partnerships.
Our existing and potential partner relationships may be negatively affected by our relationship with Dell. We partner with a number of companies that
compete with Dell in certain markets in which Dell participates. Dell’s control of EMC’s majority ownership in us may affect our ability to effectively partner with
these companies. These companies may favor our competitors because of our relationship with Dell.
Dell competes with certain of our signiﬁcant channel, technology and other marketing partners, including IBM and Hewlett-Packard. Pursuant to our
certiﬁcate of incorporation and other agreements that we have with EMC, EMC and Dell may have the ability to impact our relationship with those of our partners
that compete with EMC or Dell, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and our ability to pursue opportunities which may otherwise be
available to us.
The realignment of our ﬁscal calendar to coincide with Dell’s and Dell’s reporting on our ﬁnancial results may result in ﬂuctuations in our stock price,
and errors in our implementation of the realignment could adversely impact our business operations and ﬁnancial results.
Dell provides segment reporting on VMware in its public reports on financial results. However, prior to February 2017, the fiscal calendars for Dell and
VMware did not align. VMware reported on a calendar year basis through December 31, 2016, whereas Dell reports on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year basis ending
on the Friday nearest to January 31 of each year. On October 25, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a change to our fiscal calendar effective January 1, 2017
so that our ﬁscal calendar will align with Dell’s.
The change in our ﬁscal year was effective January 1, 2017, and the period beginning on January 1, 2017 and ending on February 3, 2017 will be reported as a
transition period (the “Transition Period”). Accordingly, our first full ﬁscal year under our revised ﬁscal calendar began on February 4, 2017 and will end on
February 2, 2018. As a result of the change, our ﬁscal periods will correspond with Dell’s.
We plan to include our unaudited ﬁnancial statements for the approximately one-month transition period in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed for the
ﬁscal quarter ending May 5, 2017. We will not ﬁle a separate transition report. Following the change in our fiscal calendar and for the first ﬁscal year, we will
compare results from each fiscal period under our new ﬁscal calendar to the corresponding period under our prior calendar. Any confusion by investors and
analysts in interpreting year-over—year changes to our financial results due to the change in our ﬁscal calendar could cause ﬂuctuations and volatility in our stock
price.
Additionally, the ﬁnancial results for Dell’s VMware business segment may differ from the financial results reported by us due to the impact of intercompany
transactions, purchase accounting, and reporting practices. These differences in the reporting of VMware’s financial results by us and Dell could result in volatility
and ﬂuctuations in the price of our Class A common stock.
Further, the process of implementing a fiscal calendar transition requires us to make adjustments to many of the critical business processes and data systems
that our management and personnel rely upon to conduct our business operations and coordinate our worldwide activities. Although we are undertaking a thorough
programmatic approach to transition our processes and systems to the new ﬁscal calendar, there can be no assurance that errors and failures will not occur that
could temporarily impair our ability to conduct our operations efficiently and effectively. Any such failures to our critical business processes and data systems
could adversely impair our results of operations and financial results until such failures can be successfully remediated.
We could be held liable for the tax liabilities of other members of Dell’s consolidated tax group.
We have historically been included in EMC’s consolidated group for US. federal income tax purposes, as well as in certain consolidated, combined or unitary
groups that include EMC Corporation or certain of its subsidiaries for state and local income
27