IablrebﬁContents
VMware, Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
A. Overview and Basis of Presentation
Company and Background
VMware, Inc. (“VMware” or the “Company”) is a leader in virtualization and cloud infrastructure solutions that enable businesses to transform the way they
build, deliver and consume information technology (“IT”) resources in a manner that is based on their specific needs. VMware’s virtualization infrastructure
solutions, which include a suite of products and services designed to deliver a software-defined data center, run on industry-standard desktop computers, servers
and mobile devices and support a wide range of operating system and application environments, as well as networkng and storage infrastructures.
Basis of Presentation
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) for annual financial reporting.
VMware was incorporated as a Delaware corporation in 1998, was acquired by EMC Corporation (“EMC”) in 2004 and conducted its initial public offering of
VMware’s Class A common stock in August 2007. Effective September 7, 2016, Dell Technologies Inc. (“Dell”) (formerly Denali Holding Inc.) acquired EMC,
and majority control of VMware (the “Dell Acquisition”). As a result of the Dell Acquisition, EMC became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dell and VMware
became an indirectly-held, majority-owned subsidiary of Dell. As of December 31, 2016 , Dell controlled 82.8% of VMware’s outstanding common stock and
97.7% of the combined voting power of VMware’s outstanding common stock, including 38 million shares of VMware’s Class A common stock and all of
VMware’s Class B common stock.
Michael S. Dell was elected to the VMware Board of Directors as Chairman and Egon Durban was elected to the VMware Board. As VMware is a majority-
owned and controlled subsidiary of Dell, its results of operations and financial position are consolidated with Dell’s financial statements. Pushdown accounting
was not applied as a result of the Dell Acquisition and consequently no change in basis was reﬂected in VMware’s consolidated ﬁnancial statements. Transactions
prior to the effective date of the Dell Acquisition represent transactions only with EMC and its consolidated subsidiaries (“Parent”).
On October 25, 2016, the VMware Board of Directors approved a change to VMware’s ﬁscal year from a fiscal year ending on December 31 of each calendar
year to a ﬁscal year consisting of a 52- or 53-week period ending on the Friday nearest to January 31 of each year. The change in VMware’s fiscal year was
effective January 1, 2017. As a result of the change, the Company had a transition period that began on January 1, 2017 and ended on February 3, 2017, and
VMware’s first full ﬁscal year under the revised ﬁscal calendar began on February 4, 2017 and will end on February 2, 2018. The Company plans to include its
ﬁnancial statements for the approximately one-month transition period in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ﬁled for the fiscal quarter ended May 5, 2017.
Management believes the assumptions underlying the consolidated financial statements are reasonable. However, the amounts recorded for VMware’s
intercompany transactions with Dell and its consolidated subsidiaries may not be considered arm’s length with an unrelated third party. Therefore, the financial
statements included herein may not necessarily reﬂect the results of operations, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows had VMware engaged in such transactions with
an unrelated third party during all periods presented. Accordingly, VMware’s historical ﬁnancial information is not necessarily indicative of what the Company’s
results of operations, financial position and cash ﬂows will be in the future if and when VMware contracts at arm’s length with unrelated third parties for products
and services the Company receives from and provides to Dell.
Principles of Consolidation
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements include the accounts of VMware and subsidiaries in which VMware has a controlling financial interest. Non-controlling
interests are presented as a separate component within total stockholders’ equity and represent the equity and cumulative pro-rata share of the results of operations
attributable to the non-controlling interests. The portion of results of operations attributable to the non-controlling interests is eliminated in other income (expense),
net on the consolidated statements of income and is not presented separately as the amount was not material for the periods presented. During 2016, VMware
acquired all of the non-controlling interests previously presented as a separate component within total stockholders’ equity.
All intercompany transactions and account balances between VMware and its subsidiaries have been eliminated in consolidation. Transactions with Dell and
its consolidated subsidiaries are generally settled in cash and are classiﬁed on the consolidated statements of cash ﬂows based upon the nature of the underlying
transaction.
59