Iablrebeontents
tax purposes, and with the closing of the Dell Acquisition, we are now included in Dell’s consolidated tax group. Effective as of the close of the Dell Acquisition,
we amended our tax sharing agreement with EMC to include Dell. Pursuant to our agreement, we and Dell generally will make payments to each other such that,
with respect to tax returns for any taxable period in which we or any of our subsidiaries are included in Dell’s consolidated group for US. federal income tax
purposes or any other consolidated, combined or unitary group of Dell or its subsidiaries, the amount of taxes to be paid by us will be determined, subject to certain
consolidated return adjustments, as if we and each of our subsidiaries included in such consolidated, combined or unitary group filed our own consolidated,
combined or unitary tax return. When we become subject to federal income tax audits as a member of Dell’s consolidated group, the tax sharing agreement
provides that Dell has authority to control the audit and represent Dell and VMware’s interests to the IRS. Accordingly, if we and Dell or its successor-in-interest
differ on appropriate responses and positions to take with respect to tax questions that may arise in the course of an audit, our ability to affect the outcome of such
audits may be impaired. In addition, if Dell effects a 355 Distribution or other transaction that is subsequently determined to be taxable, VMware could be liable
for all or a portion of the tax liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
We have been included in the EMC consolidated group for US. federal income tax purposes since our acquisition by EMC, and will continue to be included in
Dell’s consolidated group for periods in which Dell or its successor-in-interest beneficially owns at least 80% of the total voting power and value of our
outstanding stock. Each member of a consolidated group during any part of a consolidated return year is jointly and severally liable for tax on the consolidated
return of such year and for any subsequently determined deﬁciency thereon. Similarly, in some jurisdictions, each member of a consolidated, combined or unitary
group for state, local or foreign income tax purposes is jointly and severally liable for the state, local or foreign income tax liability of each other member of the
consolidated, combined or unitary group. Accordingly, for any period in which we are included in the Dell consolidated group for US. federal income tax purposes
or any other consolidated, combined or unitary group of Dell and its subsidiaries, we could be liable in the event that any income tax liability was incurred, but not
discharged, by any other member of any such group.
Additionally, under the tax sharing agreement, if it is subsequently determined that the tracking stock issued in connection with the Dell Acquisition
constitutes a taxable distribution, VMware could be liable for all or a portion of the tax liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results
and financial condition.
We have limited ability to resolve favorably any disputes that arise between us and Dell.
DiSputes may arise between Dell and us in a number of areas relating to our ongoing relationships, including our reseller, technology and other business
agreements with Dell, areas of competitive overlap, strategic initiatives, requests for consent to activities specified in our certiﬁcate of incorporation and the terms
of our intercompany agreements. We may not be able to resolve any potential conﬂicts with Dell, and even if we do, the resolution may be less favorable than if we
were dealing with an unaffiliated party.
While we are controlled by Dell, we may not have the leverage to negotiate amendments to these agreements if required on terms as favorable to us as those
we would negotiate with an unaffiliated third party, if at all.
Our CEO, our CFO and some of our directors have potential conﬂicts of interest with Dell.
Our CEO, our CFO and some of our directors received shares of Dell Class V common stock in partial consideration for their EMC common stock when the
Dell Acquisition closed. In addition, some of our directors are executive officers or directors of Dell, and Dell, through its control of EMC, which is the sole holder
of our Class B common stock, is entitled to elect 8 of our 9 directors. Ownership of Dell Class V common stock by our directors and the presence of executive
officers or directors of Dell on our board of directors could create, or appear to create, conﬂicts of interest with respect to matters involving both us and Dell that
could have different implications for Dell than they do for us. Our Board has approved resolutions that address corporate opportunities that are presented to our
directors or officers that are also directors or officers of Dell. These provisions may not adequately address potential conﬂicts of interest or ensure that potential
conﬂicts of interest will be resolved in our favor. As a result, we may not be able to take advantage of corporate opportunities presented to individuals who are
officers or directors of both us and Dell and we may be precluded from pursuing certain growth initiatives.
Dell’s ability to control our board of directors may make it difﬁcult for us to recruit independent directors.
So long as Dell beneficially owns shares of our common stock representing at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of outstanding
voting stock, Dell can effectively control and direct our board of directors. Further, the interests of Dell and our other stockholders may diverge. Under these
circumstances, persons who might otherwise accept our invitation to join our board of directors may decline.
28