Iableprontents
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Overview
VMware, Inc. (“VMware”) pioneered the development and application of Virtualization technologies with x86 server-based computing, separating application
software from the underlying hardware. We are a leader in Virtualization and cloud infrastructure solutions that enable businesses to transform the way they build,
deliver and consume information technology (“IT”) resources in a manner that is based on their speciﬁc needs.
Over the years, we have increased our product offerings beyond compute Virtualization to include offerings that allow organizations to manage IT resources
across private clouds and complex multi-cloud, multi—device environments by leveraging synergies across three product categories: Software-Deﬁned Data Center
(“SDDC”), Hybrid Cloud Computing and End-User Computing (“EUC”). Our portfolio supports and addresses the four key IT priorities of our customers:
modernizing data centers, integrating public clouds, empowering digital workspaces and transforming security. We create solutions that enable digital
transformation for our customers as they transform their applications, infrastructure and devices for their future business needs.
We incorporated in Delaware in 1998, were acquired by EMC Corporation (“EMC”) in 2004 and conducted our initial public offering of our Class A common
stock in August 2007. Effective September 7, 2016, Dell Technologies Inc. (“Dell”) acquired EMC. As a result, EMC became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dell
and VMware became an indirectly-held, majority-owned subsidiary of Dell. As of December 31, 2016 , Dell controlled approximately 82.8% of our outstanding
common stock, including 38 million shares of our Class A common stock and all of our Class B common stock, and we are considered a “controlled company”
under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange.
On October 25, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a change to our fiscal year from a ﬁscal year ending on December 31 of each calendar year to a fiscal
year consisting of a 52- or 53-week period ending on the Friday nearest to January 31 of each year to align with Dell’s. The change in our fiscal year was effective
January 1, 2017. As a result of the change, we had a transition period that began on January 1, 2017 and ended on February 3, 2017, and our ﬁrst full fiscal year
under the revised fiscal calendar began on February 4, 2017 and will end on February 2, 2018. We plan to include our unaudited financial statements for the
approximately one-month transition period in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed for the ﬁscal quarter ended May 5, 2017.
Total revenue in 2016 increased 8% to $7,093 million . Total revenue is comprised of license revenue of $2,794 million and services revenue of
$4,299 million . While sales of our VMware vSphere (“vSphere”) product have remained strong, the majority of our license sales originate from products and
services solutions across our portfolio beyond our compute products. We continue to experience growth in sales of VMware NSX (“NSX”), our network
Virtualization solution, VMware vSAN (“vSAN”) products, our VMware vCloud Air Network offering and our EUC solutions.
We operate in one reportable operating segment, thus all required financial segment information can be found in our consolidated financial statements. For
ﬁnancial information on our business, including by geographic area, refer to Note O to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.
Our corporate headquarters are located at 3401 Hillview Avenue, Palo Alto, California, and we have 116 offices worldwide.
Products and Technology Solutions
Software-Defined Data Center
We were the ﬁrst company to articulate a vision for the SDDC, whereby increasingly infrastructure is virtualized and delivered as a service, enabling data
center management to be entirely automated by software, from one unified platform. Traditional data centers are collections of technology silos where each
application type has its own vertical stack consisting of a CPU and operating system, storage pool, networking and security, and management systems. Over time,
costs to maintain the data center infrastructure have been increasing because the data center environment has become divergent, leading to higher complexity. The
increasing complexity of the data center demands constantly increasing resources to manage and maintain the IT infrastructure. The SDDC is designed to
transform and modernize the data center into an on-demand service that addresses application requirements by abstracting, pooling and automating the services that
are required from the underlying hardware. SDDC promises to dramatically simplify data center operations and lower costs.
Our SDDC architecture consists of four main product categories:
0 Compute
° Storage and Availability
4