Iablre,of,C,ontents
private and hybrid cloud solutions and our client virtualization and mobile device management solutions. As the market for our server virtualization products
continues to mature, and the scale of our business has increased, our rate of revenue growth increasingly depends upon the success of our newer product and
service offerings. To the extent that our emerging products and services are adopted more slowly than revenue growth in our established server virtualization
offerings declines, our revenue growth rates may slow materially or our revenue may decline substantially, we may fail to realize returns on our investments in new
initiatives and our operating results could be materially adversely affected.
A signiﬁcant decrease in demand for our server virtualization products would adversely affect our operating results.
A significant portion of our revenue is derived, and will for the foreseeable future continue to be derived, from our server virtualization products. As more and
more businesses achieve high levels of virtualization in their data centers, the market for our VMware vSphere product continues to mature. Additionally, as
businesses increasingly utilize public cloud and SaaS-based offerings, they are building more of their new compute workloads off-premises and may also shift
some of their existing workloads to public cloud providers, thereby limiting growth, and potentially reducing, the market for on-premises deployments of VMware
vSphere. Although sales of VMware vSphere have declined as a portion of our overall business, and we expect this trend to continue, VMware vSphere remains
key to our future growth, as it serves as the foundation for our newer SDDC, network virtualization and our planned new cross-cloud offerings. Although we are
deve10ping products to extend our vSphere-based SDDC offerings to the public cloud due to our product concentration, a significant decrease in demand for our
server virtualization products would adversely affect our operating results.
We face intense competition that could adversely affect our operating results.
The virtualization, cloud computing, end-user computing and software-defined data center industries are interrelated and rapidly evolving, and we face intense
competition across all the markets for our products and services. Many of our current or potential competitors have longer operating histories, greater name
recognition, larger customer bases and significantly greater financial, technical, sales, marketing and other resources than we do. Additionally, the adoption of
public cloud, micro-services, containers, and open source technologies has the potential to erode our profitability.
We face competition from, among others:
Providers of public cloud infrastructure and SaaS-based offerings. As businesses increasingly utilize public cloud and SaaS-based offerings, they are building
more of their new compute workloads off-premises and may also shift some of their existing workloads. As a result, the demand for on-premises IT resources is
expected to slow, and our products and services will need to increasingly compete for customers’ IT workloads with off-premises public cloud and SaaS-based
offerings. If we fail to develop products and services that address evolving customer requirements and that complement and or compete with off-premises compute
resources offered by competitors, the demand for VMware’s virtualization products and services may decline, and we could experience lower growth.
Additionally, vCloud Air Network offerings from our partners and certain vCloud Air offerings may compete directly with infrastructure-as-a service (“IaaS”)
offerings from various public cloud providers such as Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) and Microsoft. In October 2016, we announced a strategic alliance with
AWS to deliver a vSphere-based cloud service running on AWS. Although we expect our strategic alliance to provide significant advantages to customers when it
is generally available, our strategic alliance with Amazon and our vCloud Air Network offerings from our other partners may not prevent or completely offset a
decline in demand for our virtualization products and services. Our strategic alliance with Amazon may also be seen as competitive with vCloud Air Network
offerings and adversely affect our relationship with vCloud Air Network partners.
Large, diversiﬁed enterprise software and hardware companies . These competitors supply a wide variety of products and services to, and have well-
established relationships with, our current and prospective end users. For example, small- to medium-sized businesses and companies in emerging markets that are
evaluating the adoption of virtualization-based technologies and solutions may be inclined to consider Microsoft solutions because of their existing use of
Windows and Ofﬁce products. Some of these competitors have in the past and may in the future take advantage of their existing relationships to engage in business
practices that make our products and services less attractive to our end users. Other competitors have limited or denied support for their applications running in
VMware virtualization environments. In addition, these competitors could integrate competitive capabilities into their existing products and services and make
them available without additional charge. For example, Oracle provides free server virtualization software intended to support Oracle and non-Oracle applications,
and Microsoft offers its own server, network and storage virtualization software packaged with its Windows Server product and offers built-in virtualization in the
client version of Windows. As a result, existing and prospective VMware customers may elect to use products that are perceived to be “free” or “very low cost”
instead of purchasing VMware products and services for certain applications where they do not believe that more advanced and robust capabilities are required.
Companies offering competing platforms based on open source technologies . Open source technologies for virtualization, containerization and cloud
platforms such as Xen, KVM, Docker, Rocket and OpenStack appear to provide pricing competition and enable competing vendors to leverage these open source
technologies to compete directly with our SDDC initiative. Enterprises and service providers have shown interest in building their own clouds based on open
source projects such as
1 3