Iablrebeontents
guidelines and proposals during October 2015 that may change how our tax obligations are determined in many of the countries in which we do business. These
changes could adversely affect our effective tax rate or result in higher cash tax liabilities.
Catastrophic events or geo-political conditions could disrupt our business.
Our corporate headquarters are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. A signiﬁcant natural disaster, such as an
earthquake, fire, ﬂood or other act of God, could have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results. Abrupt political change, terrorist activity
and armed conﬂict pose a risk of general economic disruption in affected countries, and disease pandemics could temporarily sideline a substantial part of our or
our customers’ workforce at any particular time, any of which could disrupt our business. Furthermore, some of our new product initiatives and business functions
are hosted and carried out by third parties that may be vulnerable to disruptions of these sorts, many of which may be beyond our control. Unanticipated
disruptions in services provided through localized physical infrastructure, such as utility or telecommunication outages, can curtail the functioning of local offices
as well as critical components of our information systems, and adversely affect our ability to process orders, provide services, respond to customer requests and
maintain local and global business continuity. To the extent that such disruptions result in delays or cancellations of customer orders, or the deployment or
availability of our products and services, our revenue would be adversely affected. Additionally, any such catastrophic event could cause us to incur significant
costs to repair damages to our facilities, equipment and infrastructure.
Changes in accounting principles and guidance could result in unfavorable accounting charges or effects.
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. These principles are
subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed to create and interpret apprOpriate accounting principles and guidance. A change in these principles
or guidance, or in their interpretations, may have a material effect on our reported results, as well as our processes and related controls, and may retroactively affect
previously reported results. For example, during May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”)
No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). We plan to adopt Topic 606 using the full retrospective transition method when it becomes
effective for us in the ﬁrst fiscal quarter of 2019, under the Company’s new fiscal calendar. While we are continuing to assess the potential impacts of Topic 606,
we currently expect unearned license revenue related to the sale of perpetual licenses will decline signiﬁcantly upon adoption. Currently, we defer all license
revenue related to the sale of perpetual licenses in the event certain revenue recognition criteria are not met. However, under T0pic 606 we would generally expect
that substantially all license revenue related to sale of perpetual licenses will be recognized upon delivery. We are continuing to evaluate the effect that Topic 606
will have on our financial statements and related disclosures, and preliminary assessments are subject to change.
Risks Related to Our Relationship with Dell
Our stock price ﬂuctuated signiﬁcantly following the announcement of the Dell Acquisition, and our future relationship with Dell may adversely impact
our business and stock price in the future.
In October 2015, EMC and Dell announced the Dell Acquisition, pursuant to which Dell acquired EMC in a transaction that closed on September 7, 2016. In
connection with the Dell Acquisition, Dell issued a tracking stock to EMC shareholders, Class V common stock, that is intended to reﬂect our economic
performance as partial consideration to the EMC shareholders. The Class V common stock tracks the performance of an approximately 53% economic interest in
our business.
Our stock price ﬂuctuated signiﬁcantly following the announcement of the Dell Acquisition. A number of factors relating to our future relationship with Dell
could adversely affect our business or our stock price in the future, including:
0 Dell is able to control matters requiring our stockholders’ approval, including the election of a majority of our directors and the other matters over which
EMC formerly had control, as described in the risk factors below.
0 Dell could implement changes to our business, including changing our commercial relationship with Dell or taking other corporate actions that our other
stockholders may not view as beneficial.
0 We have arrangements with a number of companies that compete with Dell, and the completion of the Dell Acquisition could adversely affect our
relationship with these companies or other customers, suppliers and partners.
0 Dell has a right to approve certain matters under our certiﬁcate of incorporation, including acquisitions or investments in excess of $100 million, and Dell
may choose not to consent to matters that our board of directors believes are in the best interests of VMware.
0 We anticipate certain synergies and beneﬁts from the Dell Acquisition that may not be realized.
0 The Class V common stock issued by Dell on September 7, 2016, while not a VMware issued security, increases the supply of publicly traded securities
that track VMware’s economic performance and may create the perception that the Class V common stock dilutes the holdings of our public stockholders,
both of which may put downward pressure on our stock price. While the price of Class V common stock has initially been relatively stable, it may be
volatile from
24