Table of Contents
VMware, Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
provisions in the year in which the credits arise. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced by a valuation allowance if, based upon available evidence, it is
more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
VMware does not provide for a US. income tax liability on undistributed earnings of VMware’s non-US. subsidiaries. The earnings of non-US. subsidiaries,
which reﬂect full provision for non-US income taxes, are currently indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations or will be remitted substantially free of additional
tax. If these overseas funds are needed for its operations in the United States, VMware would be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes on substantially all
undistributed earnings to repatriate these funds. However, VMware’s intent is to indefinitely reinvest its non-US. earnings in its foreign operations and VMware’s
current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund its US. Operations. At this time, it is not practicable to estimate the amount of tax that may be
payable if VMware were to repatriate these funds.
The difference between the income taxes payable or receivable that is calculated on a separate return basis and the amount actually paid to or received from
Dell pursuant to VMware’s tax sharing agreement is presented as a component of additional paid-in capital. Refer to Note M for further information.
Net Income Per Share
Basic net income per share is calculated using the weighted-average number of shares of VMware’s common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net
income per share is calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares, including the dilutive effect of equity awards as determined under the
treasury stock method. VMware has two classes of common stock, Class A and Class B common stock. For purposes of calculating net income per share, VMware
uses the two-class method. As both classes share the same rights in dividends, basic and diluted net income per share are the same for both classes.
Concentrations of Risks
Financial instruments, which potentially subject VMware to concentrations of credit risk, consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, short-term
investments and accounts receivable. Cash on deposit with banks may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. These deposits may be redeemed
upon demand. VMware places cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments primarily in money market funds and fixed income securities and limits the
amount of investment with any single issuer and any single financial institution. VMware holds a diversified portfolio of money market funds and fixed income
securities, which primarily consist of various highly liquid debt instruments of the US. government and its agencies, municipal obligations, and US. and foreign
corporate debt securities. VMware’s fixed income investment portfolio is denominated in US. dollars and consists of securities with various maturities.
VMware manages counterparty risk through adequate diversification of the investment portfolio among various financial institutions and by entering into
derivative contracts with financial institutions that are of high credit quality.
VMware provides credit to its customers, including distributors, original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”), resellers, and end-user customers, in the normal
course of business. To reduce credit risk, the Company performs periodic credit evaluations, which consider the customer’s payment history and financial stability.
As of December 31, 2016 and 2015 , one distributor accounted for 19% and 18% , respectively, of VMware's accounts receivable balance, and another
distributor accounted for 13% and 15% , respectively, of VMware's accounts receivable balance. A third distributor accounted for 13% and 11% of VMware's
accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 .
One distributor accounted for 15% of revenue in each of the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , and another distributor accounted for 12% ,
12% and 13% of revenue in the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively. A third distributor accounted for 10% , 11% and 11% of revenue in
the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 .
Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation
VMware restricted stock, including performance stock unit (“PSU”) awards, are valued based on the Company’s stock price on the date of grant. For those
awards expected to vest which only contain a service vesting feature, compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the awards’ requisite service
periods.
PSU awards will vest if certain VMware-designated performance targets are achieved. If minimum performance thresholds are achieved, each PSU award will
convert into VMware’s Class A common stock at a defined ratio depending on the degree of achievement of the performance target designated by each individual
award. If minimum performance thresholds are not achieved, then no shares will be issued. Based upon the expected levels of achievement, stock-based
compensation is recognized on a straight-line basis over the PSUs’ requisite service periods. The expected levels of achievement are reassessed over the requisite
service periods and, to the extent that the expected levels of achievement change, stock-based compensation
64