Table of Contents
VMware, Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
Use of Accounting Estimates
The preparation of ﬁnancial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities, the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the
ﬁnancial statements. Estimates are used for, but not limited to, trade receivable valuation, marketing development funds and rebates, useful lives assigned to ﬁxed
assets and intangible assets, valuation of goodwill and definite-lived intangibles, income taxes, stock-based compensation, and contingencies. Actual results could
differ from those estimates.
Revenue Recognition
VMware derives revenue primarily from licensing software under perpetual licenses, related software maintenance and support, training, consulting services
and hosted services. Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or service has been provided, the sales price
is ﬁxed or determinable and collectibility is probable.
License Revenue
VMware sells most of its license software through distributors, resellers, system vendors, systems integrators and through its direct sales force. VMware
recognizes revenue from the sale of its software licenses upon shipment, provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. VMware also rents its
software to customers using a pay-as-you—go consumption model. Revenue from this selling model is generally recognized based upon the customer's reported
usage. When software license arrangements are offered with new products that become available on a when-and-if-available basis, revenue associated with these
arrangements is recognized ratably over the subscription period.
For software sold by system vendors that is bundled with their hardware, unless VMware has a separate license agreement which governs the transaction,
revenue is recognized in arrears upon the receipt of royalty reports.
Services Revenue
VMware’s services revenue generally consist of software maintenance and support, training, consulting services and hosted services. Software maintenance
and support offerings entitle customers to receive major and minor product upgrades on a when-and-if-available basis and technical support. Revenue from
software maintenance and support offerings is generally recognized ratably over the contract period.
Professional services include design, implementation and training. Professional services are not considered essential to the functionality of VMware’s products
as these services do not alter the intended product capabilities and may be performed by customers or other vendors. Revenue from professional services
engagements performed for a fixed fee, for which VMware is able to make reasonably dependable estimates of progress toward completion, is recognized on a
proportional performance basis assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met. Revenue from professional services engagements invoiced on a time and
materials basis is recognized as the hours are incurred.
VMware’s hosted services consist of certain software offerings sold as a service without the customer’s ability to take possession of the software over the
subscription term. These arrangements are offered to VMware’s customers over a specified period of time and revenue is recognized in both license and services
revenue ratably over the subscription term commencing upon delivery of the service. Hosted services are also provided on a consumption basis with revenue
recognized commensurate with customer’s usage of the related services.
Rebate Reserves and Marketing Development Funds
Rebates are offered to certain channel partners, which are recognized as a reduction to revenue or unearned revenue. Rebates based on actual partner sales are
recognized as a reduction of revenue as the underlying revenue is recognized. Rebates earned based upon partner achievement of cumulative level of sales are
recognized as a reduction of revenue proportionally for eligible sales required to achieve the target.
VMware participates in marketing development programs with certain channel partners wherein VMware reimburses its partners for certain direct costs
incurred by the partners for marketing-related expenses or other services under the terms of the programs. Reimbursed costs to channel partners are recognized as a
reduction of revenue based upon the maximum potential liability. The difference between the maximum potential liability recognized and the actual amount paid
out has not been material to date.
60