Table of Contents
VMware, Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
available-for—sale securities. VMware may sell these securities at any time for use in current operations or for other purposes, such as consideration for acquisitions
and strategic investments.
Fixed income investments are reported at fair value and unrealized gains and losses on these investments, net of taxes, are included in accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss), a component of stockholders’ equity. Realized gains or losses are included on the consolidated statements of income. Gains and
losses on the sale of fixed income securities issued by the same issuer and of the same type are determined using the first-in ﬁrst-out (“FIFO”) method. When a
determination has been made that an other-than-temporary decline in fair value has occurred, the amount of the decline that is related to a credit loss is realized and
is included on the consolidated statements of income.
Cash balances that are restricted pursuant to the terms of various agreements are classified as restricted cash and included in other current assets and other
assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015 the total amount of VMware’s restricted cash was $20 million and
$19 million , respectively.
As of December 31, 2016 , VMware’s total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $7,985 million , of which $6,921 million was held outside
the United States.
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
VMware maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses on uncollectible accounts receivable. The allowance for doubtful accounts
considers such factors as creditworthiness of VMware’s customers, historical experience, the age of the receivable, and current economic conditions. The
allowance for doubtful accounts was insignificant for all periods presented.
Property and Equipment, Net
Property and equipment, net is recorded at cost. Depreciation commences upon placing the asset in service and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the
estimated useful life of the assets, as follows:
’Buildings Term of underlying land lease ‘
Land improvements 15 years
’Furniture and fixtures 7 years ‘
Equipment 3 to 6 years
lSoftware 3 to 8 years ‘
Leasehold improvements 20 years, not to exceed the shorter of the estimated useful life or remaining lease
term
Upon retirement or disposition, the asset cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed with any gain or loss recognized on the consolidated
statements of income. Repair and maintenance costs that do not extend the economic life of the underlying assets are expensed as incurred.
Capitalized Software Development Costs
Costs associated with internal-use software systems, including those used to provide hosted services, during the application development stage are capitalized.
Capitalization of costs begins when the preliminary project stage is completed, management has committed to funding the project, and it is probable that the
project will be completed and the software will be used to perform the function intended. Capitalization ceases at the point when the project is substantially
complete and is ready for its intended purpose. The capitalized amounts are included in property and equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets.
Deve10pment costs of software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed are subject to capitalization beginning when technological feasibility for the product
has been established and ending when the product is available for general release. During the years presented, software development costs incurred for products
during the time period between reaching technological feasibility and general release were not material and accordingly were expensed as incurred.
Business Combinations
For business combinations, VMware recognizes the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any non-controlling interests in an acquiree, which
are measured based on the acquisition date fair value. Goodwill is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net amounts of the identifiable
tangible and intangible assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at the acquisition date.
62