IableofContents
° VMware vRealize Suite: cloud management platform that extends vCloud Suite capabilities beyond a vSphere private cloud environment to both
heterogeneous and hybrid cloud environments.
Software-Deﬁned Data Center Platform
Our SDDC products can also be delivered through a unified platform. In 2016, we introduced Cloud Foundation, our unified platform that brings together our
compute, storage and networking technologies into a natively integrated stack to deliver enterprise-ready cloud infrastructure for the private and public clouds. In
addition, the combined offering includes lifecycle management capabilities to span the full stack. Cloud Foundation is a delivery independent platform that can be
deployed on-premises or run as-a—service. Customers can choose a hybrid combination of on-premises and as-a-service platforms.
Primary solutions include:
° On-Premises— available through major compatible hardware solutions such as VxRack and HPE ProLiant. VxRack is a fully tested and pre-conﬁgured
Dell EMC rack-scale system, powered by Cloud Foundation for VMware-centric data centers, or by vSphere for traditional architectures.
- As-a-Service= available through major online service providers, such as IBM Cloud (through our VMware vCloud Air Network offering) and VMware
vCloud Air (“vCloud Air”). In addition, it is expected to be available in 2017 on Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) through an integrated hybrid offering,
VMware Cloud on AWS.
Hybrid Cloud Computing
In 2016, we re-articulated our cloud strategy and introduced our Cross-Cloud Architecture that enables consistent deployment models, security policies,
visibility, and governance for all applications, running on-premises and off-premises, regardless of the underlying cloud, hardware platform or hypervisor. Our
Cross-Cloud Architecture builds on our private and hybrid cloud capabilities by offering customers the freedom to innovate in multiple clouds, and is delivered
through Cloud Foundation, the VMware vRealize cloud management platform, and a new set of Cross-Cloud Services which VMware is developing. Our
overarching cloud strategy contains three key components: (i) continue to expand beyond compute virtualization in the private cloud, (ii) extend the private cloud
into the public cloud and (iii) connect and secure endpoints across a range of public clouds. Our cloud strategy is designed to provide organizations with solutions
that work across all clouds and all devices.
We currently enable our customers to utilize off-premises vSphere-based hybrid cloud computing capacity through two offerings: VMware vCloud Air
Network (“vCAN”) and vCloud Air. In addition, during 2016, we announced a strategic alliance with AWS to build and deliver an integrated hybrid offering,
VMware Cloud on AWS, which will enable customers to run applications across vSphere-based private, public and hybrid cloud environments, furthering our
strategic priority of integrating public clouds. VMware Cloud on AWS is expected to become available in 2017.
vCAN, a key component of our strategic priority to integrate with public clouds, is a global ecosystem of over 4,300 cloud providers in more than
100 countries providing VMware-based cloud services. Our vCAN program is directed at hosting and cloud computing vendors, enabling organizations to choose
between running applications in virtual machines on their own private clouds inside their data center or on public clouds hosted by a service provider. For example,
IBM, OVH and Rackspace are vCAN partners who leverage our SDDC technologies to create cloud services addressing the needs of customers around the world.
IBM was our ﬁrst vCAN partner to offer Cloud Foundation as a service, which enables their customers to leverage our SDDC technologies on IBM’s Cloud in
their worldwide cloud data centers.
vCloud Air, built on the foundation of vSphere, is a public cloud operated by VMware that includes infrastructure and disaster recovery, while providing
customers with a common platform to seamlessly extend their data center to the cloud. vCloud Air enables customers to extend the same skills, tools, networking
and security models across both on- and off-premises environments.
In addition, Cross-Cloud Services are new Software-as-a—Service (“SaaS”) offerings under development to enable visibility into cloud usage and costs,
enhance consistent networking and security policies, and automate the deployment, management, and migration of applications and data across vSphere and non-
vSphere private and public clouds. The Cross-Cloud Services we previewed at VMworld and expect to make available in 2017 include discovery and analytics,
compliance and security and deployment and migration. Cross-Cloud will enable our customers to run, manage, connect and secure their applications across
private and public clouds, including AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform and IBM Cloud, as well as all devices in a common operating environment, regardless of
whether the underlying infrastructure is VMware-based.
End-User Computing
Our EUC portfolio enables our customers to securely deliver access to applications and data for their end users from any device of the user’s choice,
empowering digital workspaces. Our EUC solutions are designed to Optimize simplicity and choice
6