Tablebfﬂontents
Our current research and development efforts may not produce signiﬁcant revenue for several years, if at all.
Developing our products and services is expensive. In particular, developing and launching disruptive technologies in new areas, as we are continuing to do
with our VMware NSX virtual networking, VSAN virtual storage, cross-cloud and SaaS initiatives, requires significant investments of resources and often entails
greater risk than incremental investments in existing products and services. Our investment in research and development may not result in marketable products or
services or may result in products and services that generate less revenue than we anticipate. Our research and development expenses were approximately 21% of
our total revenue during the year ended December 31, 2016 . Our future plans include significant investments in software research and development and related
product opportunities. We believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts to maintain our
competitive position. However, we may not receive significant revenue from these investments for several years, if at all.
We are involved in litigation, investigations and regulatory inquiries and proceedings that could negatively affect us.
From time to time, we are involved in various legal, administrative and regulatory proceedings, claims, demands and investigations relating to our business,
which may include claims with respect to commercial, product liability, intellectual property, breach of contract, employment, class action, whistleblower and
other matters. In the ordinary course of business, we also receive inquiries from and have discussions with government entities regarding the compliance of our
contracting and sales practices with laws and regulations.
We have been, and expect to continue to be, subject to intellectual property infringement claims, including claims by entities that do not have operating
businesses of their own and therefore limit our ability to seek counterclaims for damages and injunctive relief. In addition to monetary judgments, a judgment
could also include an injunction or other court order that could prevent us from offering our products. In addition, we might be required to seek a license for the use
of such intellectual property, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Alternatively, we may be required to develop non-infringing
technology, which could require significant effort and expense and may ultimately not be successful. Third parties may also assert infringement claims against our
customers and channel partners, which could require us to initiate or defend potentially protracted and costly litigation on their behalf, regardless of the merits of
these claims, because we generally indemnify our customers and channel partners from claims of infringement of proprietary rights of third parties in connection
with the use of our products. These matters can be time-consuming, divert management’s attention and resources and cause us to incur significant expenses.
Allegations made in the course of regulatory or legal proceedings may also harm our reputation, regardless of the merit of such claims. Furthermore, because
litigation and the outcome of regulatory proceedings are inherently unpredictable, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially affected
by an unfavorable resolution of one or more of these proceedings, claims, demands or investigations.
Refer to Note I to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of certain claims and litigation.
We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights.
We depend on our ability to protect our proprietary technology. We rely on trade secret, patent, copyright and trademark laws and confidentiality agreements
with employees and third parties, all of which offer only limited protection. As such, despite our efforts, the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary rights
may not be adequate to prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information or infringement of our intellectual property rights, and our ability to police such
misappropriation or infringement is uncertain, particularly in countries outside of the United States. In addition, we rely on conﬁdentiality or license agreements
with third parties in connection with their use of our products and technology. There is no guarantee that such parties will abide by the terms of such agreements or
that we will be able to adequately enforce our rights, in part because we rely on “click-wrap” and “shrink-wrap” licenses in some instances.
Detecting and protecting against the unauthorized use of our products, technology proprietary rights and intellectual property rights is expensive, difficult and,
in some cases, impossible. Litigation is necessary from time to time to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine
the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating
our intellectual property, which could result in a substantial loss of our market share.
Our use of “open source” software in our products could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to litigation.
Many of our products and services incorporate so-called “open source” software, and we may incorporate open source software into other products and
services in the future. Open source software is generally licensed by its authors or other third parties under open source licenses. Open source licensors generally
do not provide warranties or assurance of title or controls on origin of the software, which exposes us to potential liability if the software fails to work or infringes
the intellectual property of a third party.
1 8