Iabl,e,of,C,ontents
Our historical ﬁnancial information as a majority—owned subsidiary may not be representative of the results of a completely independent public
company.
The financial information covering the periods included in this report does not necessarily reﬂect what our financial condition, operating results or cash ﬂows
would have been had we been a completely independent entity during those periods. In certain geographic regions where we do not have an established legal
entity, we contract with Dell subsidiaries for support services and Dell personnel who are managed by us. The costs incurred by Dell on our behalf related to these
employees are passed on to us and we are charged a mark-up intended to approximate costs that would have been charged had we contracted for such services with
an unrelated third party. These costs are included as expenses on our consolidated statements of income. Additionally, we engage with Dell in intercompany
transactions, including agreements regarding the use of Dell’s and our intellectual property and real estate, agreements regarding the sale of goods and services to
one another and to Pivotal, and agreements for Dell to resell our products and services to third party customers. If Dell were to distribute its shares of our common
stock to its stockholders or otherwise divest itself of all or a significant portion of its VMware shares, there would be numerous implications to us, including the
fact that we could lose the benefit of these arrangements with Dell. There can be no assurance that we would be able to renegotiate these arrangements with Dell or
replace them on the same or similar terms. Additionally, our business could face significant disruption and uncertainty as we transition from these arrangements
with Dell. Moreover, our historical ﬁnancial information is not necessarily indicative of what our financial condition, operating results or cash ﬂows would be in
the future if and when we contract at arm’s length with independent third parties for the services we have received and currently receive from Dell. During the year
ended December 31, 2016 , we recognized revenue of $663 million and as of December 31, 2016 , $652 million of sales were included in unearned revenue from
such transactions with Dell. For additional information, refer to “Our Relationship with Dell” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 and Note B to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual report on Form 10-K.
Risks Related to Owning Our Class A Common Stock
The price of our Class A common stock has ﬂuctuated signiﬁcantly in recent years and may ﬂuctuate signiﬁcantly in the future.
The trading price of our Class A common stock has ﬂuctuated significantly in the past and could ﬂuctuate substantially in the future due to the factors
discussed in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this report. The trading market for Dell Class V common stock that was issued upon the closing of the Dell
Acquisition that is expected to track the performance of VMware, as well as continuing volatility in technology company share prices, could also lead to volatility
in our stock price.
Dell, which beneficially owned 82.8% of our outstanding stock as of December 31, 2016 , is not restricted from selling its shares and is entitled to certain
registration rights. If a signiﬁcant number of shares enters the public trading markets in a short period of time, the market price of our Class A common stock may
decline. In addition, if our Class B common stock is distributed to Dell stockholders and remains outstanding, it would trade separately from and potentially at a
premium to our Class A common stock, and could thereby contribute additional volatility to the price of our Class A common stock.
Broad market and industry factors may also decrease the market price of our Class A common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. The
stock market in general and technology companies in particular have often experienced extreme price and volume ﬂuctuations. Our public ﬂoat is also relatively
small due to Dell’s holdings, which can result in greater volatility in our stock compared to that of other companies with a market capitalization similar to ours. It
is also uncertain what impact the trading of Dell Class V common stock, which represents approximately 53% of the economic interest in us, will have on the
volatility and the liquidity of our Class A common stock and how the Dell Class V common stock will trade in relation to our Class A common stock over time. In
addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often
been instituted, including against us, and, if not resolved swiftly, can result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources.
If securities or industry analysts change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline.
The trading market for our Class A common stock is inﬂuenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us, our business,
our market or our competitors. If any of the analysts who cover us or who cover the Dell Class V common stock change their recommendation regarding our stock
adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, our stock price would likely decline.
29