IableofContents
During 2016, three distributors, who purchased software licenses and software support from us for resale to end-user customers directly or via resellers, each
accounted for over 10% of our consolidated revenue. Arrow Electronics, Inc., Tech Data Corporation and Ingram Micro, Inc. accounted for 15% , 12% and 10% ,
respectively, of our consolidated revenue in 2016. Our distribution agreements are typically terminable at will by either party upon 30 to 90 days’ prior written
notice to the other party, and neither party has any obligation to purchase or sell any products under the agreement.
Competition
The virtualization, cloud computing, end-user computing and software-defined data center industries are interrelated and rapidly evolving, and we face intense
competition across all the markets for our products and services. We believe that the key factors in our ability to successfully compete include the level of
reliability, interoperability and new functionality of our product and service offerings; the ability of our product offerings to support multiple hardware platforms,
operating systems, applications frameworks and public cloud platforms; our ability to anticipate customer needs in rapidly evolving markets for IT resources; the
pricing of our product and service offerings; the ability to integrate open source technologies that are critical in private and public cloud computing architectures;
the ability to attract and retain key employees; and the ability to maintain and expand our ecosystem of technology partners, service providers and sales channel
partners. While we believe that we are a technology leader in virtualization and cloud infrastructure solutions and have a strong, favorable image with our
customers, many of our current or potential competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger customer bases and significantly greater
ﬁnancial, technical, sales, marketing and other resources than we do. Additionally, the adoption of public cloud, micro-services, containers and open source
technologies has the potential to erode our profitability.
We face competition from, among others:
Providers of public cloud infrastructure and SaaS-based offerings. As businesses increasingly utilize public cloud and SaaS-based offerings, they are building
more of their new compute workloads off-premises and may also shift some of their existing workloads. As a result, the demand for on-premises IT resources is
expected to slow, and our products and services will need to increasingly compete for customers’ IT workloads with off-premises public cloud and SaaS-based
offerings. If we fail to develop products and services that address evolving customer requirements and that complement and or compete with off-premises compute
resources offered by competitors, the demand for our virtualization products and services may decline, and we could experience lower growth. Additionally, vCAN
offerings from our partners and certain vCloud Air offerings may compete directly with infrastructure-as-a-service (“IaaS”) offerings from various public cloud
providers such as AWS and Microsoft. In October 2016, we announced a strategic alliance with AWS to deliver a vSphere—based cloud service running on AWS.
Although we expect our strategic alliance to provide significant advantages to customers when it is generally available, our strategic alliance with Amazon and our
vCAN offerings from our other partners may not prevent or completely offset a decline in demand for our virtualization products and services. Our strategic
alliance with Amazon may also be seen as competitive with vCAN offerings and adversely affect our relationship with vCAN partners.
Large, diversiﬁed enterprise software and hardware companies. These competitors supply a wide variety of products and services to, and have well-
established relationships with, our current and prospective end users. For example, small- to medium-sized businesses and companies in emerging markets that are
evaluating the adoption of virtualization-based technologies and solutions may be inclined to consider Microsoft solutions because of their existing use of
Windows and Ofﬁce products. Some of these competitors have in the past and may in the future take advantage of their existing relationships to engage in business
practices that make our products and services less attractive to our end users. Other competitors have limited or denied support for their applications running in
VMware virtualization environments. In addition, these competitors could integrate competitive capabilities into their existing products and services and make
them available without additional charge. For example, Oracle provides free server virtualization software intended to support Oracle and non-Oracle applications,
and Microsoft offers its own server, network and storage virtualization software packaged with its Windows Server product and offers built-in virtualization in the
client version of Windows. As a result, existing and prospective VMware customers may elect to use products that are perceived to be “free” or “very low cost”
instead of purchasing VMware products and services for certain applications where they do not believe that more advanced and robust capabilities are required.
Companies offering competing platforms based on open source technologies. Open source technologies for virtualization, containerization and cloud platforms
such as Xen, KVM, Docker, Rocket and OpenStack appear to provide pricing competition and enable competing vendors to leverage these open source
technologies to compete directly with our SDDC initiative. Enterprises and service providers have shown interest in building their own clouds based on open
source projects such as OpenStack, and other companies have indicated their intention to expand offerings of virtual management and cloud computing solutions as
well. Additionally, a number of enterprise IT hardware vendors have released solutions based on OpenStack including IBM and Cisco.
Other industry alliances. Many of our competitors have entered into or extended partnerships or other strategic relationships to offer more comprehensive
virtualization and cloud computing solutions than they individually had offered. We expect these trends to continue as companies attempt to strengthen or maintain
their positions in the evolving virtualization
9