Table of Contents
VMware, Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
is adjusted and recorded on the statements of income and the remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation is recognized over the remaining requisite service
period.
The Black-Scholes option-pricing model is used to determine the fair value of VMware’s stock option awards and Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the
“ESPP”) shares. The Black-Scholes model includes assumptions regarding dividend yields, expected volatility, expected term and risk-free interest rates. These
assumptions reﬂect the Company’s best estimates, but these items involve uncertainties based on market and other conditions outside of the Company’s control.
New Accounting Pronouncements
Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers
During May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606). In 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12, which provide interpretive clariﬁcations on the new
guidance in Topic 606 (collectively, “Topic 606”). The updated revenue standard replaces all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP and establishes
common principles for recognizing revenue for all industries. It also provides guidance on the accounting for costs to fulﬁll or obtain a customer contract. The core
principle underlying the updated standard is the recognition of revenue based on consideration expected to be entitled from the transfer of goods or services to a
customer. The updated standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and permits the use of either the full retrospective or
cumulative effect transition method. Early adoption is permitted for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016.
VMware plans to adopt Topic 606 using the full retrospective transition method when it becomes effective for the Company in the first ﬁscal quarter of 2019,
under the Company’s new fiscal calendar. While the Company is continuing to assess the potential impacts of Topic 606, VMware currently expects unearned
license revenue related to the sale of perpetual licenses will decline signiﬁcantly upon adoption. Currently, VMware defers all license revenue related to the sale of
its perpetual licenses in the event certain revenue recognition criteria are not met. However, under Topic 606 the Company would generally expect that
substantially all license revenue related to sale of its perpetual licenses will be recognized upon delivery. The Company is continuing to evaluate the effect that
Topic 606 will have on its financial statements and related disclosures, and preliminary assessments are subject to change.
ASU No. 2016-02, Leases
During February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which requires a lessee to recognize a lease liability for the obligation to
make lease payments and a right-to-use asset for the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The updated standard also requires additional disclosure
regarding leasing arrangements. It is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and requires a modified retrospective adoption,
with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures, and expects that most of its lease commitments will be subject to the updated standard and recognized as lease liabilities and right-of-use assets upon
adoption.
ASUNo. 2016-09, Compensation
During March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation—Stock Compensation (Topic 718), which impacts the accounting for share-based
payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classiﬁcation of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classiﬁcation on the statements of cash
ﬂows. The updated standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and permits early adoption in any interim or annual
period. VMware adopted the updated standard effective February 4, 2017. The updated standard is expected to cause volatility in VMware’s effective tax rates and
net income per share due to the treatment of the tax effects on exercised or vested stock-based awards recorded to the consolidated statements of income. The
volatility in future periods will depend on VMware’s stock price at the awards” vest dates or exercise dates and the number of awards that vest or exercise in each
period. In addition, all tax-related cash ﬂows resulting from share-based payments are required to be reported as operating activities in the consolidated statement
of cash ﬂows. As permitted under the updated standard, VMware will continue to estimate forfeitures at each period and did not elect an accounting policy change
to record forfeitures as they occur.
ASU No. 2016-16, Income Taxes
During October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16, Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory (Topic 740), which requires
entities to recognize at the transaction date the income tax consequences of intra-entity asset transfers. Previous guidance requires the tax effects from intra-entity
asset transfers to be deferred until that asset is sold to a third party or recovered through use. The updated standard is effective in annual and interim periods
beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted during the ﬁrst interim period of a ﬁscal year, and requires a modiﬁed
65