Iablre,of,C,ontents
communicated to our management, including our principal executive ofﬁcer and principal financial officer, as appr0priate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosures.
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange
Act. Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 based on criteria established in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As a result of this assessment,
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2016 , our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting was effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of ﬁnancial reporting and the preparation of ﬁnancial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent ﬁscal quarter ended December 31, 2016 that materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting.
Limitations on Controls
Our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over ﬁnancial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives
as specified above. Our management, including our principal executive ofﬁcer and principal financial ofﬁcer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
internal control over ﬁnancial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management does not expect, however, that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over
ﬁnancial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions
and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
None.
92