Table of Contents
VMware, Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
VMware uses significant estimates and assumptions, including fair value estimates, to determine the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed and
the related useful lives of the acquired assets, when applicable, as of the acquisition date. When those estimates are provisional, VMware refines them as necessary
during the measurement period. The measurement period is the period after the acquisition date, not to exceed one year, in which VMware may gather and analyze
the necessary information about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date to adjust the provisional amounts recognized. Measurement period
adjustments are recorded during the period in which the adjustment amount is determined. All other adjustments are recorded to the consolidated statements of
income.
Businesses acquired from Dell are accounted for as a business combination between entities under common control. VMware includes the results of operations
of the acquired businesses under common control, if significant, in the period of acquisition as if it had occurred at the beginning of the period and also
retrospectively adjusts the financial statement information presented for prior years to reﬂect the business as if it had been acquired at the beginning of the ﬁnancial
period presented. VMware recognizes the net assets under common control at Dell’s carrying values as of the date of the transfer and records the difference
between the carrying value and the cash consideration as an equity transaction.
Costs to effect an acquisition are recorded in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of income as the expenses are incurred.
Purchased Intangible Assets and Goodwill
Goodwill is evaluated for impairment during the fourth quarter of each year or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of the asset may not be recoverable. VMware elected to perform a quantitative assessment of goodwill with respect to its one reporting unit. In doing
so, VMware compared the enterprise fair value to the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including goodwill. VMware concluded that, to date, there have been
no impairments of goodwill.
Purchased intangible assets with finite lives are generally amortized over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method. VMware reviews
intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of the assets may not be fully
recoverable or that the useful lives of these assets are no longer appr0priate.
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
Derivative instruments are measured at fair value and reported as current assets and current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, as applicable.
In order to manage VMware’s exposure to foreign currency ﬂuctuations, VMware enters into forward contracts to hedge a portion of VMware’s net
outstanding monetary asset and liability positions. These forward contracts are generally entered into on a monthly basis, with a typical contractual term of one
month. These forward contracts are not designated as hedging instruments under applicable accounting guidance and therefore are adjusted to fair value through
other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of income.
Additionally, VMware enters into forward contracts which it designates as cash ﬂow hedges to manage the volatility of cash ﬂows that relate to operating
expenses denominated in certain foreign currencies. These forward contracts are entered into annually, have maturities of twelve months or less, and are adjusted to
fair value through accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, on the consolidated balance sheets. When the underlying expense transaction occurs,
the gains or losses on the forward contract are subsequently reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to the related operating expense line item
on the consolidated statements of income.
The Company does not, and does not intend to, use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.
Advertising
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was $21 million , $22 million and $29 million in the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015
and 2014 , respectively.
Income Taxes
Income taxes as presented herein are calculated on a separate tax return basis, although VMware is included in the consolidated tax return of Dell. However,
certain transactions that VMware and Dell are parties to are assessed using consolidated tax return rules. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the
expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined
based on the difference between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the
differences are expected to reverse. Tax credits are generally recognized as reductions of income tax
63