IableofContents
time-to-time as a consistent trading market in Class V common stock is established. Any volatility in the market for Class V common stock could
contribute to volatility in the price of VMware Class A common stock.
0 With the closing of the Dell Acquisition, Dell has become more highly leveraged and may be required to commit a substantial portion of its cash ﬂows to
servicing its indebtedness. While Dell has publicly stated that it plans to leave VMware free to use its cash to invest in the VMware business, Dell’s
significant debt could create the perception that Dell may exercise its control over us to limit our growth in favor of its other businesses or cause us to
transfer cash to Dell. In addition, if Dell defaults, or appears in danger of defaulting, on its indebtedness, the trading price of the Class V common stock
issued by Dell would be adversely affected, which could negatively impact the price of our Class A common stock, and uncertainty as to the impact of
such a default on VMware could disrupt our business.
° Some of our products compete directly with products sold or distributed by Dell, which could result in reduced sales.
0 The Dell Acquisition creates potential litigation risk. Various lawsuits have been filed against EMC and others in connection with the Dell Acquisition,
including one ongoing litigation in which the Company and our directors are named as defendants. It is possible that we or our directors may be named in
other lawsuits.
Holders of our Class A common stock have limited ability to inﬂuence matters requiring stockholder approval.
As of December 31, 2016 , Dell controlled 38,250,166 shares of our Class A common stock and all 300,000,000 shares of our Class B common stock,
representing 82.8% of the total outstanding shares of common stock or 97.7% of the voting power of outstanding common stock held by EMC. Through its control
of the Class B common stock, which is generally entitled to 10 votes per share, Dell controls the vote to elect all of our directors and to approve or disapprove all
other matters submitted to a stockholder vote.
Prior to a distribution by Dell to its stockholders under Section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (a “355 Distribution”), shares of Class
B common stock transferred to any party other than a successor-in-interest or a subsidiary of EMC automatically convert into Class A common stock. Dell’s voting
control over VMware will continue so long as the shares of Class B common stock it controls continue to represent at least 20% of our outstanding stock. If its
ownership falls below 20% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, all outstanding shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert to Class A
common stock. If Dell effects a 355 Distribution at a time when it holds shares of Class B common stock, its stockholders will receive Class B common stock.
These shares will remain entitled to 10 votes per share, holders of these shares will remain entitled to elect 80% of the total number of directors on our board of
directors and the holders of our Class A common stock will continue to have limited ability to inﬂuence matters requiring stockholder approval and have limited
ability to elect members of our board of directors. Following a 355 Distribution, shares of Class B common stock may convert to Class A common stock if such
conversion is approved by VMware stockholders after the 355 Distribution and we have obtained a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service. In
January 2014, the IRS announced in Revenue Procedure 2014-3 that, generally, it would no longer issue private letter rulings on 355 Distributions.
Dell has the ability to prevent us from taking actions that might be in our best interest.
Under our certificate of incorporation and the master transaction agreement we entered into with EMC, we must (subject to certain exceptions) obtain the
consent of EMC (which is controlled by Dell) or its successor-in-interest, as the holder of our Class B common stock, prior to taking specified actions, such as
acquiring other companies for consideration in excess of $100 million, issuing stock or other VMware securities, except pursuant to employee benefit plans
(provided that we obtain Class B common stockholder approval of the aggregate annual number of shares to be granted under such plans), paying dividends,
entering into any exclusive or exclusionary arrangement with a third party involving, in whole or in part, products or services that are similar to EMC’s or
amending certain provisions of our charter documents. In addition, we have agreed that for so long as EMC or its successor-in-interest continues to own greater
than 50% of the voting control of our outstanding common stock, we will not knowingly take or fail to take any action that could reasonably be expected to
preclude the ability of EMC or its successor-in-interest (including Dell) to undertake a tax-free spin-off Dell is entitled to exercise the voting control and
contractual rights of EMC, and may do so in a manner that could vary significantly from EMC’s historic practice. If Dell does not provide any requisite consent
allowing us to conduct such activities when requested, we will not be able to conduct such activities. As a result, we may have to forgo capital raising or
acquisition Opportunities that would otherwise be available to us, and we may be precluded from pursuing certain growth initiatives.
By becoming a stockholder in our company, holders of our Class A common stock are deemed to have notice of and have consented to the provisions of our
certificate of incorporation and the master transaction agreement with reSpect to the limitations that are described above.
25