Iablrebeontents
Anti-takeover provisions in Delaware law and our charter documents could discourage takeover attempts.
As our controlling stockholder, Dell has the ability to prevent a change in control of VMware. Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may
also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. These provisions include the following:
0 the division of our board of directors into three classes, with each class serving for a staggered three-year term, which prevents stockholders from electing
an entirely new board of directors at any annual meeting;
0 the right of the board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors;
0 following a 355 Distribution of Class B common stock by Dell to its stockholders, the restriction that a beneficial owner of 10% or more of our Class B
common stock may not vote in any election of directors unless such person or group also owns at least an equivalent percentage of Class A common stock
or obtains approval of our board of directors prior to acquiring beneficial ownership of at least 5% of Class B common stock;
0 the prohibition of cumulative voting in the election of directors or any other matters, which would otherwise allow less than a majority of stockholders to
elect director candidates;
0 the requirement for advance notice for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders’
meeting;
0 the ability of the board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, up to 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock with terms set by the board of
directors, which rights could be senior to those of common stock; and
0 in the event that Dell or its successor-in-interest no longer owns shares of our common stock representing at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast
in the election of directors, stockholders may not act by written consent and may not call special meetings of the stockholders.
In addition, we have elected to apply the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. These provisions may prohibit large stockholders, in
particular those owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock, from merging or combining with us. These provisions in our certificate of incorporation and
bylaws and under Delaware law could discourage potential takeover attempts and could reduce the price that investors might be willing to pay for shares of our
common stock.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
As of December 31, 2016, we owned or leased the facilities described below:
Approximate
Location Sq. Ft. Principal Use(s)
Palo Alto, CA owned: 1,492,802 (1) Executive and administrative offices, sales and marketing, and
R&D
North and Latin American region (excluding Palo leased: 1,105,910 (2) Administrative offices, sales and marketing, R&D and data
Alto, CA) center
Asia Pacific region leased: 1,214,958 Administrative offices, sales and marketing, R&D and data
center
Europe, Middle East and Africa region leased: 604,775 Administrative offices, sales and marketing, R&D and data
center
(1) Represents all of the right, title and interest purchased in ground leases, which expire in 2046, covering the property and improvements located at VMware’s
Palo Alto, California campus. Of the total square feet owned, approximately 86,000 square feet were under construction as of December 31, 2016. In addition,
we have the right to build an additional 100,000 square feet on the campus, if needed, to accommodate expansion.
(2) Includes leased space for a Washington data center facility, for which VMware is considered to be the owner for accounting purposes.
We believe that our current facilities are suitable for our current employee headcount and will sustain us through 2017, but we intend to add new facilities or
expand existing facilities as needed as we add employees and expand our operations. We believe that suitable additional or substitute space will be available as
needed to accommodate expansion of our operations.
30