Iablre,of,C,ontents
infrastructure and enterprise IT solutions industry. These alliances may result in more compelling product and service offerings than we offer.
Our partners and members of our developer and technology partner ecosystem. We face competition from our partners. For example, third parties currently
selling our products and services could build and market their own competing products and services or market competing products and services of other vendors.
Additionally, as formerly distinct sectors of enterprise IT such as software-based virtualization and hardware-based server, networking and storage solutions
converge, we also increasingly compete with companies who are members of our developer and technology partner ecosystem. Consequently, we may ﬁnd it more
difﬁcult to continue to work together productively on other projects, and the advantages we derive from our ecosystem could diminish. This competition could
result in increased pricing pressure and sales and marketing expenses, thereby materially reducing our operating margins, and could also prevent our new products
and services from gaining market acceptance, thereby harming our ability to increase, or causing us to lose, market share.
Intellectual Property
As of December 31, 2016, over 1,300 patents issued by the United States Patent and Trademark Office have been granted or assigned to us. We also have been
granted or assigned patents from other countries. These patents cover various aspects of our server virtualization and other technologies. The granted US. patents
expire beginning in 2018, with the last of the expiration dates being in 2035. We also have numerous pending US. provisional and non-provisional patent
applications, and numerous pending foreign and international patent applications, that cover other aspects of our virtualization and other technologies.
We have federal trademark registrations in the United States for “VMW ARE,” “VMWORLD,” “VSPHERE,” “VMW ARE VCLOUD,” “VMW ARE VIEW,”
“VMOTION,” “HORIZON,” “AIRWATCH,” “VREALIZE,” “VFABRIC,” “VCLOUD,” “VMWARE NSX” and numerous other trademarks. We have also
registered trademarks in a number of foreign countries.
We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as confidentiality
procedures and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property rights and our brand.
We enforce our intellectual property rights in the United States and a number of foreign countries. Despite our efforts, the steps we have taken to protect our
proprietary rights may not be adequate to preclude misappropriation of our proprietary information or infringement of our intellectual property rights, and our
ability to police such misappropriation or infringement is uncertain, particularly in countries outside of the United States. US. patent filings are intended to provide
the holder with a right to exclude others from making, using, offering to sell, selling or importing into the US. products covered by the claims of granted patents.
Our granted US. patents, and any future patents (to the extent they are issued), may be contested, circumvented or invalidated in the future. Moreover, the
rights granted under any issued patents may not provide us with proprietary protection or competitive advantages, and we may not be able to prevent third parties
from infringing these patents. Therefore, the exact effect of our patents and the other steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property cannot be predicted
with certainty.
Employees
As of December 31, 2016, we had approximately 19,900 employees in 116 offices worldwide, less than 5% of which were contracted through Dell. None of
our employees are represented by labor unions, and we consider current employee relations to be good.
We contract with Dell to utilize personnel who are dedicated to work for VMware on a full-time basis. These individuals are located in countries in which we
do not currently have an operating subsidiary and are predominantly dedicated to our sales and marketing efforts. We use contractors from time to time for
temporary assignments and in locations in which we do not currently have operating subsidiaries. In the event that these contractor resources were not available,
we do not believe that this would have a material adverse effect on our operations.
Available Information
Our website is located at www.vmware.com, and our investor relations website is located at http://ir.vmware.com. Our goal is to maintain the Investor
Relations website as a portal through which investors can easily find or navigate to pertinent information about us, all of which is made available free of charge,
including:
° our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as
reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with or furnish it to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”);
0 announcements of investor conferences, speeches and events at which our executives discuss our products, services and competitive strategies;
1 0