Iablre,of,C,ontents
(4) Consisting of various contractual agreements, which include commitments on the lease for our Washington data center facility and asset retirement
obligations.
(5) As of December 31, 2016, we had $260 million of gross uncertain tax beneﬁts, excluding interest and penalties. The timing of future payments relating to
these obligations is highly uncertain. Based on the timing and outcome of examinations of our subsidiaries, the result of the expiration of statutes of limitations
for speciﬁc jurisdictions or the timing and result of ruling requests from taxing authorities, it is reasonably possible that within the next 12 months total
unrecognized tax benefits could be potentially reduced by approximately $8 million .
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
In preparing our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”), we
are required to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the amounts reported in our ﬁnancial statements and the accompanying disclosures.
Estimates and assumptions about future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty and therefore require the exercise of judgment. We base our
estimates, assumptions and judgments on historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates
may change, as new events occur and additional information is obtained, and are recognized in the consolidated financial statements as soon as they become
known. Actual results could differ from those estimates and any such differences may be material to our financial statements. We believe that the critical
accounting policies and estimates set forth below involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity in their application than our other signiﬁcant accounting
policies. Our senior management has reviewed our critical accounting policies and related disclosures with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
Historically, our assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to our critical accounting policies have not differed materially from actual results. Refer to Note A
to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on significant accounting policies and estimates used
in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.
Revenue Recognition
We derive revenue primarily from licensing our software under perpetual licenses, related software maintenance and support, training, consulting services and
hosted services. Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or service has been provided, the sales price is
ﬁxed or determinable, and collectibility is probable. Determining whether and when some of these criteria have been satisfied often involves assumptions and
judgments that can have a signiﬁcant impact on the timing and amount of revenue recognized.
We enter into multiple-element revenue arrangements in which a customer may purchase a combination of software, maintenance and support, training,
consulting services, and hosted services. If a product or service included in a software-related multiple-element arrangement has not been delivered, and is not
considered essential to the functionality of the delivered products or services, we must determine the fair value of each undelivered product or service using
vendor-speciﬁc objective evidence (“VSOE”). Absent VSOE, revenue is deferred until VSOE of fair value exists for each of the undelivered products or services,
or until all elements of the arrangement have been delivered. However, if the only undelivered element without VSOE is maintenance and support, the entire
arrangement fee is recognized ratably over the performance period. Changes in assumptions or judgments or changes to the elements in a software arrangement
could cause a material increase or decrease in the amount of revenue that we report in a particular period.
VSOE of fair value for an undelivered element is generally based on historical stand-alone sales to third parties. In limited instances, for an offering that is not
yet sold, VSOE is the price established by management if it is probable that the price will not change when introduced to the marketplace, including through the
use of a contractual renewal rate. In determining VSOE of fair value, we require that the selling prices for a product or service fall within a reasonable pricing
range. For multiple-element arrangements that contain software and non-software elements, we allocate revenue to software or software-related elements as a
group and any non-software elements separately based on relative selling prices using the selling price hierarchy. The relative selling price for each deliverable is
determined using VSOE, if it exists, or third-party evidence (“TPE”) of selling price. TPE of selling price is based on evaluation of prices charged for competitor
products or services sold to similarly situated customers. As our offerings contain significant proprietary technology and provide different features and
functionality, comparable prices of similar products typically cannot be obtained and relied upon. If neither VSOE nor TPE of selling price exist for a deliverable,
best estimate of selling price (“BESP”) is used for that deliverable. We use BESP in allocation of arrangement consideration. We determine BESP by considering
our overall pricing objectives and practices across different sales channels.
A speciﬁed upgrade obligation is created in the event we publicly announce new specific features, functionalities or entitlements to software upgrades or
license products that have not been made available. We generally do not have VSOE of fair value for speciﬁed upgrades or license products. Accordingly, revenue
recognition is deferred for multiple-element
47