IableofContents
- Network and Security
0 Management and Automation
Compute
vSphere, our ﬂagship data center platform, provides the fundamental compute layer for VMware environments. A “hypervisor” is a layer of software that
resides between the operating system and system hardware to enable compute virtualization. Users deploy the vSphere hypervisor when they purchase vSphere,
Cloud Foundation or suite versions that include vSphere, such as VMware vCloud Suites and vSphere with Operations Management (“VSOM”).
We have continued to develop vSphere solutions for compatibility with new technologies and tools utilized by software developers and enterprises. In 2016,
we introduced our VMware vSphere Integrated Containers solution that allows customers to deploy containerized and traditional applications side-by-side on a
common platform, without re-architecting their existing infrastructure. In addition, our OpenStack solution, VMware Integrated OpenStack, is an OpenStack
distribution that enables organizations to provide developers with open, cloud-style application program interfaces (“APIs”) to access VMware’s enterprise-class
infrastructure.
VMware also introduced a new developer ready, cloud native application solution in 2016 called Photon Platform. Primarily focused on modern application
development and container frameworks like Pivotal Cloud Foundry and Kubernetes, Photon Platform leverages key VMware SDDC technologies such as our
hypervisor, NSX and vSAN to help enterprise customers meet their digital transformation objectives.
Storage and Availability
We provide many storage and availability products to offer cost-effective, holistic data storage and protection options to all applications running on the
vSphere platform. These products serve as hyper-converged infrastructure solutions designed to enable customers to deploy a broad range of hardware
solutions. Key hyper-converged infrastructure solutions in this area include:
0 vSAN— clusters server disks to create radically simple, shared storage designed for virtual machines.
- VxRail— a fully integrated and pre-configured Dell EMC Appliance powered by vSAN and vSphere software that extends the VMware environment.
° vSphere Replication— provides a cost-efficient and simple way to manage replication.
0 vCenter Site Recovery Manager— leverages vSphere and vSphere Replication to protect applications against site failures and to streamline planned
migrations.
We experienced growth in both customer count and sales of vSAN during 2016.
Network and Security
Network virtualization abstracts physical networks and greatly simplifies the provisioning and consumption of networking resources. In addition, security
services are built in, do not require purpose-built hardware and can scale with the network which transforms security. Our network virtualization solution, NSX,
was launched in 2013. Sales of NSX continued to grow during 2016.
Management and Automation
Our management and automation products move beyond core compute infrastructure to manage and automate overarching IT processes involved in
provisioning IT services and resources to users from initial infrastructure deployment to retirement. These IT processes manage virtualized and non-virtualized
infrastructure resources and private and public cloud infrastructures, including hybrid cloud services. Examples of products in the management and automation
product portfolio include:
0 vRealize Operations— provides performance, capacity and conﬁguration management for virtual or physical infrastructure.
0 vRealize Automation— enables customers to rapidly deploy and provision cloud services.
0 vRealize Business— provides transparency and control over the costs and quality of IT services.
Software-Deﬁned Data Center Suites
Our SDDC products are available separately or our compute and management and automation products may be acquired as part of a broader offering. The
VMware vCloud Suite, vSOM and VMware vRealize Suite are packaged solutions for building and managing a complete cloud infrastructure optimized for use
with the vSphere platform:
0 VMware vCloud Suite— designed to fulfill the promise of the software-defined data center by pooling industry-standard hardware and running compute
and management functions in the data center as software-defined services.
0 vSOM— allows users to optimize capacity and monitor the workload performance of their vSphere environments.
5