Table of Contents
VMware, Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
$35 million and $20 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, and are included in other assets and other liabilities on the consolidated balance
sheets.
Assets Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis
VMware holds strategic investments in its portfolio accounted for using the cost method. These strategic investments are periodically assessed for other-than-
temporary impairment. VMware uses Level 3 inputs as part of its impairment analysis, including, pre- and post-money valuations of recent financing events, the
impact of financing events on its ownership percentages, and other available information relevant to the issuer’s historical and forecasted performance. The
estimated fair value of these investments is considered in VMware’s impairment review if any events or changes in circumstances occur that might have a
significant adverse effect on their value. If VMware determines that an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred, VMware writes down the investments to
their fair value.
During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 , VMware determined that certain strategic investments were considered to be other-than-temporarily
impaired and accordingly, approximately $14 million and $5 million , respectively, were recognized as impairment charges. There was no impairment charge
during the year ended December 31, 2014. Strategic investments are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The carrying value of VMware’s
strategic investments was $139 million and $103 million as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , respectively.
H. Derivatives and Hedging Activities
VMware conducts business on a global basis in multiple foreign currencies, subjecting the Company to foreign currency risk. To mitigate a portion of this risk,
VMware utilizes hedging contracts as described below, which potentially expose the Company to credit risk to the extent that the counterparties may be unable to
meet the terms of the agreement. VMware manages counterparty risk by seeking counterparties of high credit quality, by monitoring credit ratings and credit
Spreads of, and other relevant public information about its counterparties. VMware does not, and does not intend to, use derivative instruments for trading or
speculative purposes.
Cash Flow Hedges
To mitigate its exposure to foreign currency ﬂuctuations resulting from certain Operating expenses denominated in certain foreign currencies, VMware enters
into forward contracts that are designated as cash ﬂow hedging instruments as the accounting criteria for such designation have been met. Therefore, the effective
portion of gains or losses resulting from changes in the fair value of these instruments is initially reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the
consolidated balance sheets and is subsequently reclassified to the related operating expense line item on the consolidated statements of income in the same period
that the underlying expenses are incurred. During the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , the effective portion of gains or losses reclassified to the
consolidated statements of income was not signiﬁcant. Interest charges or “forward points” on VMware’s forward contracts are excluded from the assessment of
hedge effectiveness and are recorded in other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of income as incurred.
These forward contracts have contractual maturities of twelve months or less, and as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 , outstanding forward contracts had a
total notional value of $22 million and $213 million , respectively. The notional value represents the gross amount of foreign currency that will be bought or sold
upon maturity of the forward contract.
During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 , all cash ﬂow hedges were considered effective.
Forward Contracts Not Designated as Hedges
VMware has established a program that utilizes forward contracts to offset the foreign currency risk associated with net outstanding monetary asset and
liability positions. These forward contracts are not designated as hedging instruments under applicable accounting guidance, and therefore all changes in the fair
value of the forward contracts are reported in other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of income.
These forward contracts have a contractual maturity of one month, and as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 , outstanding forward contracts had a total notional
value of $875 million and $721 million , respectively. The notional value represents the gross amount of foreign currency that will be bought or sold upon maturity
of the forward contract.
During the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , VMware recognized a gain of $23 million , $36 million and $48 million , respectively, relating
to the settlement of forward contracts. Gains and losses are recorded in other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of income.
76