Iablrebeontents
Dell has the ability to prevent a change-in-control transaction and may sell control of VMware without beneﬁting other stockholders.
Dell’s voting control and its additional rights described above give Dell the ability to prevent transactions that would result in a change of control of VMware,
including transactions in which holders of our Class A common stock might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over the then-current market price. In
addition, Dell is not prohibited from selling a controlling interest in us to a third party and may do so without the approval of the holders of our Class A common
stock and without providing for a purchase of any shares of Class A common stock held by persons other than Dell. Accordingly, shares of Class A common stock
may be worth less than they would be if Dell did not maintain voting control over us or if Dell did not have the additional rights described above.
If Dell’s level of ownership signiﬁcantly increases, Dell could unilaterally effect a merger of VMware into Dell without a vote of VMware stockholders or
the VMware Board of Directors at a price per share that might not reﬂect a premium to then-current market prices.
As of December 31, 2016 , Dell controlled 82.8% of VMware’s outstanding common stock, and Dell’s percentage ownership of VMware common stock could
increase as a result of repurchases by VMware of our Class A common stock or purchases by Dell. Section 253 of the Delaware General Corporation Law permits
a parent company, when it owns 90% or more of each class of a subsidiary’s stock that generally would be entitled to vote on a merger of that subsidiary with the
parent, to unilaterally effect a merger of the subsidiary into the parent without a vote of the subsidiary’s board or stockholders. Accordingly, if Dell becomes the
holder of at least 90% of VMware’s outstanding stock, neither VMware’s board of directors nor VMware’s stockholders would be entitled to vote on a merger of
VMware into Dell (the “short-form merger”). Moreover, a short-form merger is not subject to the stringent “entire fairness” standard and the parent company is not
required to negotiate with a special committee of disinterested directors that would serve to approximate arm’s length negotiations designed to ensure that a fair
price is paid. Rather, a minority stockholder’s sole remedy in the context of a short-form merger is to exercise appraisal rights under Delaware law. In such a
proceeding, petitioning stockholders may be awarded more or less than the merger price or the amount they would have received in a merger negotiated between
the parent and a disinterested special committee advised by independent financial and legal advisors. Dell is prohibited through September 7, 2018 under its charter
from purchasing or otherwise acquiring any shares of common stock of VMware if such acquisition would cause the common stock of VMware to no longer be
publicly traded on a US. securities exchange or VMware to no longer be required to file reports under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, in each case,
unless such acquisition of VMware common stock is required in order for VMware to continue to be a member of the afﬁliated group of corporations filing a
consolidated tax return with Dell.
We engage in related persons transactions with Dell that may divert our resources, create opportunity costs and prove to be unsuccessful.
We currently engage in a number of related persons transactions with Dell that include joint product development, go-to-market, branding, sales, customer
service activities, real estate and various support services, and we expect to engage in additional related persons transactions with Dell to leverage the benefits of
our strategic alignment. Additionally, we contributed technology and transferred employees to Pivotal Software, Inc. (“Pivotal”) in 2013 and continue to hold a
significant ownership interest in Pivotal. For more information, refer to Note B to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 and “Our Relationship
with Dell” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual report on Form 10-K and
“Transactions with Related Persons” in the proxy statement for our 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.
We believe that these related persons transactions provide us a unique opportunity to leverage the respective technical expertise, product strengths and market
presence of Dell and its subsidiaries for the benefit of our customers and stockholders while enabling us to compete more effectively with competitors who are
much larger than us. However, these transactions may prove not to be successful and may divert our resources or the attention of our management from other
opportunities. Negotiating and implementing these arrangements can be time consuming and cause delays in the introduction of joint product and service offerings
and disruptions to VMware’s business. We cannot predict whether our stockholders and industry or securities analysts who cover us will react positively to
announcements of new related persons transactions with Dell, and such announcements could have a negative impact on our stock price. Our participation in these
transactions may also cause certain of our other vendors and ecosystem partners who compete with Dell and its subsidiaries to also View us as their competitors.
Additionally, if Pivotal requires additional funding, we may be asked to contribute capital resources to Pivotal or accept dilution in our ownership interest, and we
may be unable to realize any value from the technology and resources that we contributed to Pivotal.
Our business and Dell’s businesses overlap, and Dell may compete with us, which could reduce our market share.
We and Dell are IT infrastructure companies providing products and services that overlap in various areas, including software-based storage, management,
hyper-converged infrastructure and cloud computing. Dell competes with us in these
26