Ezfémi'tﬁff-Cﬁ'ﬁﬁéfliff [/[fliﬁ
October 25, 2016
Rajiv Ramaswami
Dear Rajiv,
I am pleased to present you with this letter to document your new role and compensation at VMware, Inc.
(“VMware”).
Title
Effective October 26, 2016 (the “Effective Date”), your new title is Chief Operating Ofﬁcer, Products and
Cloud Services. In your role, you will report directly to me.
Salary
As of the Effective Date, your annual base salary rate will continue to be $700,000.
Bonus
As of the Effective Date, you will become a participant in VMware's Executive Bonus Program as it may be
amended from time to time. You will continue to be eligible for an annual target bonus opportunity of 100%
of your eligible compensation. Pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in VMware's Executive Bonus
Program, any bonus for which you become eligible will be measured and funded on a semi—annual basis,
with the actual payout based on achievement of VMware ﬁnancial goals and your individual performance,
as approved by the Committee. Any bonus payment for your initial period of employment will be prorated
based on your actual start date. VMware reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Executive Bonus
Program and/or your bonus opportunity at any time.
Equity
Your existing equity awards will remain in effect in accordance with their terms. You will be eligible for
future equity award grants by the Compensation and Corporate Governance Committee of the VMware
Board of Directors in accordance with VMware’s ongoing compensation programs for its executive ofﬁcers.
Severance Protection
You will remain a participant in the VMware Executive Retention Plan adopted on June 15, 2016, as it may
be amended from time to time in accordance with and subject to its terms and conditions.
Change in Control Protection
You will remain a participant in the VMware Change in Control Retention Plan adopted on February 25,
2015, as it may be amended from time to time in accordance with and subject to its terms and conditions.
Entire Agreement
This letter agreement represents the entire agreement between you and VMware with respect to the
matters set forth herein and supersedes and replaces any prior agreements, written or oral, with respect to
your role and compensation.
The company values the contributions you make and the results you have achieved to support our
company in accomplishment of our goals. Best regards and continued success.
Pat Gelsinger, Chief Executive Ofﬁcer
Signed: [sLBajivBamaswami Date: Octo,b,er,26,.,2016,
Rajiv Ramaswami