Iablrebeontents
SaaS offerings, which involve various risks, constitute an important part of our business.
As we continue to develop and offer SaaS versions of our products, we will need to continue to evolve our processes to meet a number of regulatory,
intellectual property, contractual and service compliance challenges. These challenges include compliance with licenses for open source and third party software
embedded in our SaaS offerings, maintaining compliance with export control and privacy regulations, including HIPAA, protecting our services from external
threats, maintaining the continuous service levels and data security expected by our customers, preventing the inapprOpriate use of our services and adapting our
go-to-market efforts. The expansion of our SaaS and related cross-cloud offerings will also require signiﬁcant investments, and our operating margins, results of
operations and operating cash ﬂows may be adversely affected if our new offerings are not widely adopted by customers.
Improper disclosure and use of personal data could result in liability and impact our business.
Our business is subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations regarding privacy and protection of personal data. Federal, state and foreign governments and
agencies have adopted or are considering adopting laws and regulations regarding the collection, storage, use and disclosure of this information. We collect contact
and other personal or identifying information from our customers, and our customers increasingly use our services to store and process personal information and
other regulated data, including protected health information subject to stringent data privacy laws. In the course of providing employee compensation and beneﬁts,
we also maintain personal data of our employees and share that information with third party payroll and benefits providers. Our hybrid cloud computing service
offerings, pursuant to which we offer hybrid cloud services and enable third-party service providers to offer hybrid cloud services built on our technology, expose
us to particularly signiﬁcant risks. We rely on the contractual representations of these third parties that they do not violate any applicable privacy laws and
regulations or their own privacy policies.
Any failure or perceived failure by us or our business partners to comply with posted privacy policies, other federal, state or international privacy-related or
data protection laws and regulations, or the privacy commitments contained in contracts could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others
and signiﬁcant ﬁnes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results and harm our reputation. Further, any systems failure,
unauthorized access or other compromise of our security that results in the release of our customers’ or employees’ data could (i) subject us to substantial damage
claims, (ii) expose us to costly regulatory remediation, (iii) harm our reputation and brand, and (iv) disrupt our business activities. The application of US. and
international data privacy laws and regulations to cloud computing vendors is evolving and uncertain, and our existing contractual provisions may prove to be
inadequate to protect us from claims for data loss or regulatory noncompliance made against cloud computing providers with whom we may partner. Additionally,
privacy laws and regulations could negatively affect demand for our services, thereby reducing our revenue.
A new European Union data protection law, the General Data Protection Regulation, which will become effective in May 2018, is wide-ranging in scope. In
order to meet the new EU requirements, we will have to invest resources necessary to implement policy changes across our business units and services relating to
how we collect and use personal data relating to customers, employees and vendors. Failure to comply may lead to sizeable ﬁnes. EU data protection regulators are
expected to publish guidance for compliance with the new law which may further impact our information processing activities. In parallel, with the advent of the
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield (the new framework agreement between the US. Department of Commerce and the European Commission for transferring personal data
from the European Union to the United States), we expect that the international transfer of personal data will present ongoing compliance challenges and
complicate our business transactions as we negotiate and implement suitable arrangements with international customers and international and domestic vendors. In
addition, countries outside the EU are considering or have passed legislation that requires local storage and processing of data, which could increase the cost and
complexity of delivering our services. Our current arrangements for the transfer of personal data will also need to continue to adapt to future judicial decisions and
future rulemaking activity as laws on privacy and the protection of personal data continue to evolve in the countries in which we do business.
If we fail to comply with our customer contracts or government contracting regulations, our business could be adversely affected.
Contracts with many of our customers include unique and specialized performance requirements. In particular, our contracts with federal, state, local and non-
U.S. governmental customers and our arrangements with distributors and resellers who may sell directly to governmental customers are subject to various
procurement regulations, contract provisions and other requirements relating to their formation, administration and performance. Any failure by us to comply with
provisions in our customer contracts or any violation of government contracting regulations could result in the imposition of various civil and criminal penalties,
which may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments and, in the case of our government contracts, ﬁnes and suspension from
future government contracting. Further, any negative publicity related to our customer contracts or any proceedings surrounding them, regardless of its accuracy,
may damage our business and affect our ability to compete for new contracts. In the ordinary course of business, we also receive inquiries from and have ongoing
discussions with government entities regarding the compliance of our contracting and sales practices with laws and regulations.
2 1