Iablre,of,C,ontents
the functional currency for all of VMware's legal entities. At the time a non-US. dollar transaction is recorded, the value of the transaction is converted into US.
dollars at the exchange rate in effect for the month in which each order is booked. As a result, the amount of license and total revenue derived from these
transactions will be impacted by foreign currency exchange ﬂuctuations.
Additionally, a portion of our operating expenses, primarily the cost of personnel to deliver technical support on our products and professional services, sales
and sales support and research and development, are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily those currencies in which we also invoice and collect. As
exchange rates vary, operating results may differ materially from expectations.
To manage the risk associated with ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, we utilize derivative financial instruments, principally foreign currency
forward contracts (“forward contracts”), as described below.
Cash Flow Hedging Activities. To mitigate our exposure to foreign currency ﬂuctuations resulting from operating expenses denominated in certain foreign
currencies, we enter into forward contracts. We enter into forward contracts annually, which have maturities of twelve months or less. As of December 31, 2016
and 2015, we had outstanding forward contracts with a total notional value of $22 million and $213 million , respectively. The fair value of these forward
contracts was not signiﬁcant as of December 31, 2016 and 2015.
Forward Contracts Not Designated as Hedges. We enter into forward contracts to offset the foreign currency risk associated with net outstanding monetary
asset and liability positions. Our forward contracts are traded on a monthly basis and typically have a contractual term of one month. As of December 31, 2016 and
2015, we had outstanding forward contracts with a total notional value of $875 million and $721 million , respectively. The fair value of these forward contracts
was not significant as of December 31, 2016 and 2015.
Sensitivity Analysis. There can be no assurance that our hedging activities will adequately protect us against the risks associated with foreign currency
ﬂuctuations. A hypothetical adverse foreign currency exchange rate movement of 10% would have resulted in a potential loss of $90 million in fair value of our
forward contracts as of December 31, 2016. This sensitivity analysis disregards any offsetting gain that may be associated with the underlying foreign-currency
denominated assets and liabilities that we hedge.
This analysis also assumes a parallel adverse shift of all foreign currency exchange rates against the US. dollar; however, foreign currency exchange rates do
not always move in such a manner and actual results may differ materially. We do not, and do not intend to use derivative ﬁnancial instruments for trading or
speculative purposes. Refer to Note H to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information.
Interest Rate Risk
Fixed Income Securities
Our fixed income investment portfolio is denominated in US. dollars and consists of various sectors at different maturities. Our primary objective for holding
fixed income securities is to achieve an appropriate investment return consistent with preserving principal and managing risk.
Sensitivity Analysis. At any time, a sharp rise in interest rates or credit spreads could have a material adverse impact on the fair value of our fixed income
investment portfolio. Hypothetical increases in interest rates of 50 basis points and 100 basis points would have decreased the fair value of our fixed income
investment portfolio as of December 31, 2016 by $39 million and $77 million, respectively. Hypothetical decreases in interest rates of 50 basis points and 100 basis
points would have increased the fair value of our fixed income investment portfolio as of December 31, 2016 by $39 million and $77 million, respectively.
This sensitivity analysis assumes a parallel shift of all interest rates; however, interest rates do not always move in such a manner and actual results may differ
significantly. We monitor our interest rate and credit risk, including our credit exposures to specific rating categories and to individual issuers. These instruments
are not leveraged and we do not intend to use them for speculative purposes. Refer to Notes F and G to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information.
Equity Price Risk
Strategic Investments
Our strategic investments include privately held companies which are considered to be in the start-up or development stages and are inherently risky. The
technologies or products these companies have under development are typically in the early stages and may never materialize, which could result in a loss of a
substantial part of our initial investment in these companies. The carrying values of our strategic investments were accounted for under the cost method. We
evaluate the strategic investments in our portfolio to assess whether they are other-than-temporarily impaired. The evaluation is based on information
50