Iablre,of,C,ontents
We prioritize our product development efforts through a combination of engineering-driven innovation and customer— and market-driven feedback. Our R&D
culture places a high value on innovation, quality and open collaboration with our partners. We currently participate in numerous standards groups, and VMware
employees hold a variety of standards organization leadership positions.
Our R&D expenses totaled $1,503 million , $1,300 million and $1,239 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Sales and Marketing
We have a highly leveraged go-to-market strategy that includes a direct sales force that is complementary to our channel. Our renewals team is focused on
extending customer relationships and renewing customer contracts with us.
We have established ongoing business relationships with our distributors. Our distributors purchase software licenses and software support from us for resale
to end-user customers via resellers. These resellers are part of our VMware Partner Network (“VPN”), which offers resellers sales and product training, pricing
incentives, rebates and access to the worldwide network of VMware distributors and the VMware Partner Central Web portal. In addition, our channel partner
network includes certain systems integrators and resellers trained and certified to deliver consulting services and solutions leveraging our products.
We generally do not have long-term contracts or minimum purchase commitments with our distributors, resellers, system vendors and systems integrators, and
our contracts with these channel partners do not prohibit them from offering products or services that compete with ours.
End users can obtain licenses to our products through discrete purchases to meet their immediate needs or through the adoption of enterprise agreements
(“EAs”). EAs are comprehensive volume license offerings that provide for multi—year maintenance and support at negotiated prices. EAs enable us to build long-
term relationships with our customers as they commit to our virtual infrastructure solutions in their data centers. Our sales cycle can vary greatly depending on
numerous factors, including the size and complexity of the proposed offering and customer’s infrastructure footprint.
In establishing list prices for our products, we take into account, among other numerous factors, the value our products and solutions deliver and the cost of
alternative virtualization, end-user computing and hardware solutions.
Our marketing efforts focus on communicating the beneﬁts of our solutions and educating our customers, distributors, resellers, system vendors, systems
integrators, the media and analysts about the advantages of our innovative virtualization technology and end-user computing solutions. We raise awareness of our
company and brands, market our products and generate sales leads through VMware and industry events, public relations efforts, marketing materials, advertising,
direct marketing, social media initiatives, free downloads and our website. We have invested in multiple online communities that enable customers and partners to
share and discuss sales and development resources, best practices implementation and industry trends among other topics. Our annual user conference, VMworld,
is held in both the United States (“U.S.”) and Europe, while our APJ vForum events are held in the Asia Paciﬁc and Japan region. We also offer management
presentations, seminars and webinars on our products of virtualization, end-user computing and cloud services. We believe the combination of these activities
strengthens our brand and enhances our leading position in our industry.
During 2016, we continued joint marketing, sales, branding and product development efforts with Dell and other Dell Technologies companies to enhance the
collective value we deliver to our customers. We also announced strategic partnerships with AWS and IBM to jointly provide the expertise, solutions and go-to-
market capabilities to help our customers efficiently and securely extend their proven software-defined solutions into public clouds, utilizing the tools and
processes with which our customers are already familiar.
Our business is subject to seasonality in the sale of our products and services. For example, our fourth quarter revenue is affected by a number of seasonal
factors, including year-end spending trends.
Backlog
Backlog is comprised of unfulfilled orders against purchase orders or executed agreements received at the end of the period. While we generally ship products
immediately upon receipt of purchase orders or executed agreements from customers, we sometimes have orders with unshipped products. As of December 31,
2016, our backlog was $80 million consisting of licenses, maintenance, and services. Backlog was not signiﬁcant as of December 31, 2015. We do not believe that
the amount of backlog, as of any particular date, is indicative of future sales.
Customers
Our product offerings allow customers to manage IT resources across private clouds and complex multi-cloud, multi-device environments. Customer
deployments range in size from a single virtualized server for small businesses to thousands of virtual machines and managed devices for our largest enterprise
customers.
8