Table of Contents
VMware, Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
Guarantees and Indemnification Obligations
VMware enters into agreements in the ordinary course of business with, among others, customers, distributors, resellers, system vendors and systems
integrators. Most of these agreements require VMware to indemnify the other party against third-party claims alleging that a VMware product infringes or
misapprOpriates a patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, and/or other intellectual property right. Certain of these agreements require VMware to indemnify the
other party against certain claims relating to property damage, personal injury, or the acts or omissions of VMware, its employees, agents, or representatives.
VMware has agreements with certain vendors, financial institutions, lessors and service providers pursuant to which VMware has agreed to indemnify the
other party for specified matters, such as acts and omissions of VMware, its employees, agents, or representatives.
VMware has procurement or license agreements with reSpect to technology that it has obtained the right to use in VMware’s products and agreements. Under
some of these agreements, VMware has agreed to indemnify the supplier for certain claims that may be brought against such party with respect to VMware’s acts
or omissions relating to the supplied products or technologies.
VMware has agreed to indemnify the directors and executive officers of VMware, to the extent legally permissible, against all liabilities reasonably incurred in
connection with any action in which such individual may be involved by reason of such individual being or having been a director or executive ofﬁcer. VMware’s
by-laws and charter also provide for indemniﬁcation of directors and officers of VMware and VMware subsidiaries to the extent legally permissible, against all
liabilities reasonably incurred in connection with any action in which such individual may be involved by reason of such individual being or having been a director
or executive officer. VMware also indemnifies certain employees who provide service with respect to employee benefits plans, including the members of the
Administrative Committee of the VMware 401(k) Plan, and employees who serve as directors or ofﬁcers of VMware’s subsidiaries.
In connection with certain acquisitions, VMware has agreed to indemnify the former directors and ofﬁcers of the acquired company in accordance with the
acquired company’s by-laws and charter in effect immediately prior to the acquisition or in accordance with indemnification or similar agreements entered into by
the acquired company and such persons. VMware typically purchases a “tail” directors and officers insurance policy, which should enable VMware to recover a
portion of any future indemniﬁcation obligations related to the former ofﬁcers and directors of an acquired company.
It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to the Company’s limited history with prior
indemniﬁcation claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Historically, payments made by the Company under these
agreements have not had a material effect on the Company’s consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash ﬂows.
K. Accrued Expenses and Other
Accrued expenses and other as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following (table in millions):
December 31,
2016 2015
’Salaries, commissions, bonuses, and benefits 3; 503 $ 388 ‘
Accrued partner liabilities 219 146
)Other 176 212 1
Total $ 898 $ 746
Accrued partner liabilities primarily relate to rebates and marketing development fund accruals for channel partners, system vendors and systems integrators.
Additionally, from time to time, unearned revenue for professional services is reclassified to accrued partner liabilities as VMware intends to leverage channel
partners to directly fulﬁll the obligation to its customers.
79