Iablre,of,C,ontents
services that could be exploited by hackers or others. We may also inherit unknown security vulnerabilities when we integrate the products or services of other
companies into VMware products or services. Actual or perceived errors, defects or security vulnerabilities in our products or services could harm our reputation
and lead some customers to return products or services, reduce or delay future purchases or use competitive products or services.
Failure to effectively manage our product and service lifecycles could harm our business.
As part of the natural lifecycle of our products and services, we periodically inform customers that products or services will be reaching their end of life or end
of availability and will no longer be supported or receive updates and security patches. To the extent these products or services remain subject to a service contract
with the customer, we offer to transition the customer to alternative products or services. Failure to effectively manage our product and service lifecycles could
lead to customer dissatisfaction and contractual liabilities, which could adversely affect our business and operating results.
Our success depends on the interoperability of our products and services with those of other companies.
The success of our products depends upon the cooperation of hardware and software vendors to ensure interoperability with our products and offer compatible
products and services to end users. In addition, we intend to extend the functionality of various products to work with native public cloud applications, which may
require the cooperation of public cloud vendors. To the extent that hardware, software and public cloud vendors perceive that their products and services compete
with ours or those of our controlling stockholder, Dell, which completed its acquisition of EMC in September 2016, they may have an incentive to withhold their
cooperation, decline to share access or sell to us their proprietary APIs, protocols or formats, or engage in practices to actively limit the functionality, compatibility
and certification of our products. In addition, vendors may fail to certify or support or continue to certify or support our products for their systems. If any of the
foregoing occurs, our product development efforts may be delayed or foreclosed and it may be difficult and more costly for us to achieve functionality and service
levels that would make our services attractive to end users, any of which could negatively impact our business and operating results.
Disruptions to our distribution channels could harm our business.
Our future success is highly dependent on our relationships with distributors, resellers, system vendors and systems integrators, which account for a significant
portion of our revenue. Recruiting and retaining qualified channel partners and training them in the use of our technology and product offerings requires significant
time and resources. Our failure to maintain good relationships with channel partners would likely lead to a loss of end users of our products and services, which
would adversely affect our revenue. We generally do not have long-term contracts or minimum purchase commitments with our distributors, resellers, system
vendors and systems integrators, and our contracts with these channel partners do not prohibit them from offering products or services that compete with ours.
Three of our distributors each accounted for 10% or more of our consolidated revenue during the year ended December 31, 2016 . Although we believe that
we have in place, or would have in place by the date of any such termination, agreements with replacement distributors sufficient to maintain our revenue from
distribution, if we were to lose the distribution services of a signiﬁcant distributor, such loss could have a negative impact on our operating results until such time
as we arrange to replace these distribution services with the services of existing or new distributors.
Our vCloud Air and SaaS offerings rely on third-party providers for data center space and colocation services.
Our vCloud Air and SaaS offerings rely upon third-party providers to supply data center space, equipment maintenance and other colocation services.
Although we have entered into various agreements for the lease of data center space, equipment maintenance and other services, third parties could fail to live up to
the contractual obligations under those agreements. The failure of a third-party provider to prevent service disruptions, data losses or security breaches may require
us to issue credits or refunds or indemnify or otherwise be liable to customers or third parties for damages that may occur. Additionally, if these third-party
providers fail to deliver on their obligations, our reputation could be damaged, our customers could lose confidence in us and our ability to maintain and expand
our vCloud Air and SaaS offerings would be impaired.
Joint ventures may not yield expected beneﬁts and outcomes.
As we expand our offerings into new technologies such as the public cloud and seek more efficient methods of marketing our products and services in regions
where local partners can operate more easily, we sometimes rely upon joint ventures with established providers of IT products and services in particular regions,
for example as go-to-market and channel partners. Joint ventures are inherently risky and the requirements for close ongoing cooperation and commitments from
the joint venture partners to devote adequate resources often present significant challenges. Joint ventures can also be difficult to manage, given the potentially
different interests of joint venture partners. Accordingly, there can be no guarantee that our joint ventures will achieve their intended objectives. If we are unable to
continue our strategic alignment with joint venture partners or obtain the cooperation and commitments we are relying upon, our ability to successfully expand our
offerings globally and in certain regions may diminish.
20