Iablre,of,C,ontents
purchases, which could cause them to delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products and services. Even if customers are willing to purchase our products and
services, if they do not meet our credit requirements, we may not be able to record accounts receivable or unearned revenue or recognize revenue from these
customers until we receive payment, which could adversely affect the amount of revenue we are able to recognize and our cash ﬂows in a particular period.
Increases in our cost of borrowing could also impact our ability to access capital markets should we wish to raise additional funding for business investments,
which could adversely affect our ability to repay or refinance our existing notes payable to Dell, fund future product development and acquisitions or conduct stock
buybacks.
We may not be able to respond to rapid technological changes with new solutions and services offerings.
The virtualization, cloud computing, end-user computing and SDDC industries are characterized by rapid technological change, changing customer needs,
frequent new software product introductions and evolving industry standards. The introduction of third-party solutions embodying new technologies and the
emergence of new industry standards could make our existing and future software solutions obsolete and unmarketable. Cloud computing has proven to be a
disruptive technology that is altering the way that businesses consume, manage and provide physical IT resources, applications, data and IT services. We may not
be able to establish or sustain our thought leadership in the cloud computing and enterprise software fields, and our customers may not view our products and
services as innovative and best-of-breed, which could result in a reduction in market share and our inability to command a pricing premium over competitor
products and services. We may not be able to develop updated products and services that keep pace with technological developments and emerging industry
standards, that address the increasingly s0phisticated needs of our customers or that interoperate with new or updated operating systems and hardware devices.
Our ability to react quickly to new technology trends and customer requirements is negatively impacted by the length of our development cycle for new
products and services and product and service enhancements, which has frequently been longer than we originally anticipated. This is due in part to the increasing
complexity of our product offerings as we increase their interoperability, introduce them into product suites and maintain their compatibility with multiple IT
resources utilized by our customers, which can significantly increase the development time and effort necessary to achieve the interoperability of product suite
components while maintaining product quality. If we are unable to evolve our solutions and offerings in time to respond to and remain ahead of new technological
developments, our ability to retain or increase market share and revenue in the virtualization, cloud computing, end-user computing and SDDC industries could be
materially adversely affected. With respect to our SDDC products, if we fail to introduce compelling new features in future upgrades to our VMware vSphere
product line, manage the transition to hybrid cloud platforms, develop new or tightly integrate existing applications for our virtualization technology that address
customer requirements for integration, automation and management of their IT systems with public cloud resources, overall demand for products and services
based on VMware vSphere may decline. Additionally, if we fail to realize returns on investments in our newer SaaS and cross-cloud initiatives, our operating
margins and results of operations will be adversely impacted.
Breaches of our cybersecurity systems could seriously harm our business.
We increasingly depend upon our IT systems to conduct virtually all of our business operations, ranging from our internal operations and product development
activities to our marketing and sales efforts and communications with our customers and business partners. Unauthorized parties have penetrated our network
security and our website in the past and may do so in the future. These cyberattacks threaten to misappropriate our proprietary information, cause interruptions of
our IT services and commit fraud. Because the techniques used by unauthorized persons to access or sabotage networks change frequently and may not be
recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these tactics. Further, if unauthorized access or sabotage remains undetected for an
extended period of time, the effects of such breach could be exacerbated. In addition, s0phisticated hardware and operating system software and applications that
we produce or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including “bugs” and other problems that could unexpectedly interfere with
the operation of our systems and processes. Our exposure to cybersecurity threats and negative consequences of cybersecurity breaches will likely increase as our
customers conduct more purchase and service transactions online, and we store increasing amounts of customer data and host or manage parts of customers’
businesses in cloud-based IT environments.
We have also outsourced a number of our business functions to third parties, and we rely upon distributors, resellers, system vendors and systems integrators
to sell our products and services. Accordingly, if our cybersecurity systems and those of our contractors, partners and vendors fail to protect against breaches, our
ability to conduct our business could be damaged in a number of ways, including:
° sensitive data regarding our business, including intellectual property and other proprietary data, could be stolen;
° our electronic communications systems, including email and other methods, could be disrupted, and our ability to conduct our business operations could
be seriously damaged until such systems can be restored and secured;
1 5