Iablre,of,C,ontents
for end users, while providing security and control to corporate IT organizations. With our EUC solutions, end users receive a consumer-like experience via a
digital workspace that gives them the ability to access any application from any device of their choice, from any location. IT organizations are able to enhance their
enterprise security for corporate applications and data utilizing our EUC solutions.
Our complete EUC solution consists of VMware Workspace ONE (“Workspace ONE”), our digital workspace platform which includes VMware AirWatch
(“AirWatch”) unified endpoint management and VMware Horizon (“Horizon”) application and desktop virtualization:
- AirWatch— provides an enterprise mobility platform built to manage and secure endpoints from a single platform, enabling deployment of native, web
or remote applications through an application catalog across every device with built-in single sign-on. It provides the core foundation to support an
increasingly mobile workforce and customer base, enabling customers to take advantage of “bring your own device” initiatives.
0 Horizon— provides a streamlined approach to delivering, protecting and managing virtual desktops and applications from one digital workspace, while
containing costs and allowing end users to work anytime, anywhere and across any device.
While AirWatch and Horizon are also offered separately, together this solution provides customers with a complete digital workspace solution that combines
identity, mobile management, and application and desktop virtualization solutions. These technologies leverage our SDDC solutions, allowing customers to extend
the value of virtualization and management from their data center to their devices. While many of these technologies are in use today, they are deployed in silos
across enterprise IT. WorkSpace ONE, which is offered as both an on-premises installed platform or as-a-service, integrates these silos to streamline the delivery of
new applications and experiences.
Technology Alliances
We have more than 1,200 technology partners with whom we bring joint offerings to the marketplace and over 4,300 active service provider partners. We
classify our partners as follows:
Independent Hardware Vendors (“IHVs”) We have established relationships with large system vendors, including Cisco, Fujitsu, HPE, IBM, Lenovo and
NEC for joint certification and co-development, and we continue to work closely with Dell, now our controlling stockholder. We also work closely with AMD,
Intel and other IHVs to provide input on product development to enable them to deliver hardware advancements that benefit virtualization users. We coordinate
with the leading storage and networking vendors to ensure joint interoperability and enable our software to access their differentiated functionality.
Independent Software Vendors (“ISVs”) We partner with leading systems management, infrastructure software and application software vendors-including
healthcare, telecom, finance and retail market leaders to deliver value-added products that integrate with our products.
VMware Service Providers We have established partnerships with over 4,300 active service providers in our vCAN program, including CenturyLink,
Claranet, Fujitsu, IBM, KPN, Macquarie, Navisite, Nifty, NTT, OVH, Rackspace, Telefonica, Tieto, T-Systems and UOL Diveo, to enable them to host and deliver
enterprise-class hybrid clouds as a way for enterprises to extend their data centers to external clouds, while preserving security, compliance and quality of service.
In addition to our base of active service provider partnerships, during 2016, we announced a strategic alliance with AWS to build and deliver an integrated hybrid
offering, VMware Cloud on AWS, which will enable customers to run applications across vSphere-based private, public and hybrid cloud environments. VMware
Cloud on AWS is expected to become available in 2017.
Our Technology Alliance Partner program facilitates joint solution creation and coordinated go-to-market activities with our partners. Over 4,600 of the most
widely used applications from ISVs support the vSphere platform. These applications include business solutions for enterprise resource planning, human resource
management, electronic medical records management, financial processing and middleware, such as application servers and databases.
Our ISVs and other alliance partners, developers and additional VMware community members have distributed more than 2,900 software applications as
virtual appliances. We invest significant capital in testing and certification of infrastructure to rigorously ensure our software works well with major hardware and
software products.
Research and Development
We have made, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in research and development (“R&D”). We have assembled an experienced group of
developers with system level, systems management, desktop, mobile devices, security, application development, collaborative applications, networking, storage
and open source software expertise. We also have strong ties to leading academic institutions around the world, and we invest in joint research with academia.
7