IablreoﬁContents
We monitor our use of open source software in an effort to avoid subjecting our products to conditions we do not intend and avoid exposing us to unacceptable
ﬁnancial risk. However, the processes we follow to monitor our use of open source software could fail to achieve their intended result. In addition, although we
believe that we have complied with our obligations under the various applicable licenses for open source software that we use, there is little or no legal precedent
governing the interpretation of terms in most of these licenses, which increases the risk that a court could interpret the license differently than we do.
From time to time, we receive inquiries or claims from authors or distributors of open source software included in our products regarding our compliance with
the conditions of one or more open source licenses. An adverse outcome to a claim could require us to:
0 pay signiﬁcant damages;
° stop distributing our products that contain the open source software;
- revise or modify our product code to remove alleged infringing code;
0 release the source code of our pr0prietary software; or
0 take other steps to avoid or remedy an alleged infringement.
In March 2015, a software developer who alleges that software code he wrote is used in a component of our vSphere product filed a lawsuit against us in
Germany alleging copyright infringement for failing to comply with the terms of an open source license General Public License v.2 (“GPL v2”) and seeking an
order requiring us to comply with the GPL v.2 or cease distribution of any affected code within Germany. On July 8, 2016, the German court issued a written
decision dismissing the lawsuit. On August 9, 2016, a Notice of Appeal was filed. We have ﬁled our responsive appellate brief An adverse outcome to this claim
on appeal or to other claims could have a material adverse impact on our intellectual property rights, our operating results and ﬁnancial condition.
The evolution of our business requires more complex go-to-market strategies, which involve signiﬁcant risk.
Our increasing focus on developing and marketing IT management and automation and IaaS (including software-defined networking, vCloud Air, vCloud Air
Network integrated virtual desktop and mobile device, cross-cloud and SaaS) offerings that enable customers to transform their IT systems requires a greater focus
on marketing and selling product suites and more holistic solutions, rather than selling on a product-by-product basis. Consequently, we have developed, and must
continue to develop, new strategies for marketing and selling our offerings. Additionally, the duration of sales cycles for our offerings has increased as our
customers’ purchasing decisions become more complex and require additional levels of approval. In addition, marketing and selling new technologies to
enterprises requires signiﬁcant investment of time and resources in order to educate customers on the beneﬁts of our new product offerings. These investments can
be costly and the additional effort required to educate both customers and our own sales force can distract from their efforts to sell existing products and services.
Our success depends upon our ability to develop apprOpriate business and pricing models.
If we cannot adapt our business models to keep pace with industry trends, including the industry-wide transition to cloud-based computing, our revenue could
be negatively impacted. Certain of our new product initiatives, such as our vCloud Air and SaaS offerings, have a subscription model. As we increase our adoption
of subscription-based pricing models for our products, we may fail to set pricing at levels appropriate to maintain our revenue streams or our customers may
choose to deploy products from our competitors that they believe are priced more favorably. In addition, we may fail to accurately predict subscription renewal
rates or their impact on operating results, and because revenue from subscriptions is recognized for our services over the term of the subscription, downturns or
upturns in sales may not be immediately reﬂected in our results. Additionally, as customers transition to our hybrid cloud and SaaS products and services, our
revenue growth rate may be adversely impacted during the period of transition as we will recognize less revenue up front than we would otherwise recognize as
part of the multi—year license arrangements through which we typically sell our established offerings. Finally, as we offer more services that depend on converting
users of free services to users of premium services and converting purchasers of our on-premises products to our SaaS offerings, and as such services grow in size,
our ability to maintain or improve and to predict conversion rates will become more important.
Our products and services are highly technical and may contain errors, defects or security vulnerabilities.
Our products and services are highly technical and complex and, when deployed, have contained and may contain errors, defects or security vulnerabilities.
Some errors in our products or services may only be discovered after a product or service has been installed and used by customers. Undiscovered vulnerabilities in
our products or services could expose our customers to hackers or other unscrupulous third parties who develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious
software programs that could attack our products or services. In the past, VMware has been made aware of public postings by hackers of portions of our source
code. It is possible that the released source code could expose unknown security vulnerabilities in our products and
1 9