Table of Contents
VMware, Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
Returns Reserves
With limited exceptions, VMware’s return policy does not allow product returns for a refund. VMware estimates and records reserves for product returns at
the time of sale based on historical return rates. Am0unts are recorded as a reduction of revenue or unearned revenue. Returns reserves were not material for all
periods presented.
Multiple-Element Arrangements
VMware enters into multiple-element revenue arrangements in which a customer may purchase a combination of software, maintenance and support, training,
consulting services and hosted services. For multiple-element arrangements with software elements, VMware allocates and defers revenue for the undelivered
elements based on fair value using vendor-specific objective evidence (“VSOE”) and applies the residual method to allocate the remaining fee to the delivered
products and services. If a product or service included in a software-related multiple-element arrangement has not been delivered, and is not considered essential to
the functionality of the delivered products or services, VMware must determine the fair value of each undelivered product or service using VSOE. Absent VSOE,
revenue is deferred until VSOE of fair value exists for each of the undelivered products or services, or until all elements of the arrangement have been delivered.
However, if the only undelivered element without VSOE is maintenance and support, the entire arrangement fee is recognized ratably over the performance period.
VSOE of fair value for an undelivered element is generally based on historical stand-alone sales to third parties. In limited instances, for an offering that is not
yet sold, VSOE is the price established by management if it is probable that the price will not change when introduced to the marketplace, including through the
use of a contractually stated renewal rate. In determining VSOE of fair value, VMware requires that the selling prices for a product or service fall within a
reasonable pricing range. VMware has established VSOE for its software maintenance and technical support services, consulting services and training.
For multiple-element arrangements that contain software and non-software elements, VMware allocates revenue to software or software-related elements as a
group and any non-software elements separately based on relative selling prices using the selling price hierarchy. The relative selling price for each deliverable is
determined using VSOE, if it exists, or third-party evidence (“TPE”) of selling price. TPE of selling price is based on evaluation of prices charged for competitor
products or services sold to similarly situated customers. As VMware’s offerings contain significant proprietary technology and provide different features and
functionality, comparable prices of similar products typically cannot be obtained and relied upon.
If neither VSOE nor TPE of selling price exists for a deliverable, VMware uses its best estimate of selling price (“BESP”) for that deliverable. The objective
of BESP is to determine the price at which VMware would transact a sale if the product or service were sold on a stand-alone basis. VMware determines BESP by
considering its overall pricing objectives and practices across different sales channels and geographies, market conditions, and historical sales. VMware uses BESP
in the allocation of arrangement consideration for non-software elements. Once value is allocated to software or software-related elements as a group, revenue is
then recognized when the relevant revenue recognition criteria are met.
A specified upgrade obligation is created in the event VMware publicly announces new specific features, functionalities or entitlements to software upgrades
or license products that have not been made available. VMware generally does not have VSOE of fair value for specified upgrades or license products.
Accordingly, revenue recognition is deferred for multiple-element arrangements that entitle a customer to specified upgrades or new license products until the
product obligations have been fulfilled.
Unearned revenue substantially consists of payments received in advance of revenue recognition for products and services described above.
Foreign Currency Remeasurement
The US dollar is the functional currency of VMware’s foreign subsidiaries. VMware records net gains and losses resulting from foreign exchange
transactions as a component of foreign currency exchange gains and losses in other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of income. These gains
and losses are net of those recognized on foreign currency forward contracts (“forward contracts”) not designated as hedges that VMware enters into to partially
mitigate its exposure to foreign currency ﬂuctuations. Net losses were $8 million , $11 million and $8 million during the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015
and 2014 , respectively.
Cash and Cash Equivalents, Short-Term Investments, and Restricted Cash
VMware invests primarily in money market funds, highly liquid debt instruments of the United States (“US”) government and its agencies, municipal
obligations, and US. and foreign corporate debt securities. All highly liquid investments with maturities of 90 days or less from date of purchase are classified as
cash equivalents and all highly liquid investments with maturities of greater than 90 days from date of purchase as short—term investments. Short—term investments
are classified as
6 1