IablrebﬁContents
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations
Guarantees and Indemnification Obligations
We enter into agreements in the ordinary course of business with, among others, customers, distributors, resellers, system vendors and systems integrators.
Most of these agreements require us to indemnify the other party against third—party claims alleging that one of our products infringes or misappropriates a patent,
copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property right. Certain of these agreements require us to indemnify the other party against certain claims
relating to property damage, personal injury, or the acts or omissions by us and our employees, agents or representatives.
We have agreements with certain vendors, ﬁnancial institutions, lessors and service providers pursuant to which we have agreed to indemnify the other party
for specified matters, such as acts and omissions by us and our employees, agents, or representatives.
We have procurement or license agreements with respect to technology that we have obtained the right to use in our products and agreements. Under some of
these agreements, we have agreed to indemnify the supplier for certain claims that may be brought against such party with respect to our acts or omissions relating
to the supplied products or technologies.
We have agreed to indemnify our directors and executive officers, to the extent legally permissible, against all liabilities reasonably incurred in connection
with any action in which such individual may be involved by reason of such individual being or having been a director or officer. Our by-laws and charter also
provide for indemnification of our directors and ofﬁcers to the extent legally permissible, against all liabilities reasonably incurred in connection with any action in
which such individual may be involved by reason of such individual being or having been a director or executive ofﬁcer. We also indemnify certain employees
who provide service with respect to employee beneﬁts plans, including the members of the Administrative Committee of the VMware 401(k) Plan, and employees
who serve as directors or officers of our subsidiaries.
In connection with certain acquisitions, we have agreed to indemnify the former directors and ofﬁcers of the acquired company in accordance with the
acquired company’s by-laws and charter in effect immediately prior to the acquisition or in accordance with indemnification or similar agreements entered into by
the acquired company and such persons. We typically purchase a “tail” directors and officers insurance policy, which should enable us to recover a portion of any
future indemniﬁcation obligations related to the former directors and officers of an acquired company.
We are unable to determine the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to our limited history with prior indemniﬁcation
claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Historically, costs related to these indemniﬁcation provisions have not been
signiﬁcant.
Contractual Obligations
We have various contractual obligations impacting our liquidity. The following represents our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2016 (table in
millions):
Payments Due by Period
Total Less than 1 year 1—3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years
'Notes payable to Dell (1) $ 1,576 $ 26 $ 713 $ 563 $ 274 1
Operating leases (2) 845 89 132 80 544
[Purchase obligations 81 48 33 — — 1
Stock purchase obligation (3) 125 125 — — —
lOther contractual commitments (4) 27 3 10 5 9 ‘
Sub-Total 2,654 291 888 648 827
’Uncertain tax positions (5) 260 ‘
Total $ 2,914
(1) Consists of principal and interest payments on the notes payable to Dell. Refer to “Liquidity and Capital Resources” for a discussion of the $1,500 million
notes payable we entered into with our Parent on January 21, 2014, in connection with our agreement to acquire AirWatch.
(2) Our operating leases are primarily for facility space and land, and amounts in the table above exclude expected sublease income.
(3) On December 15, 2016, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with Dell to purchase $500 million of our Class A common stock. Through December 31,
2016, we had purchased 4.8 million shares for $375 million and had an obligation to purchase $125 million of additional shares.
46