Iablre,of,C,ontents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following management's discussion and analysis (“MD&A”) is provided in addition to the accompanying consolidated ﬁnancial statements and notes to
assist in understanding our results of operations and financial condition.
Period-over—period changes are calculated based upon the respective underlying, non-rounded data. Unless the context requires otherwise, we are referring to
VMware, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries when we use the terms “VMware,” the “Company,” “we,” “our” or “us.”
Overview
The information technology (“IT”) industry is transforming, moving from a hardware-based traditional model to one of a software-deﬁned infrastructure. We
are a leader in virtualization and cloud infrastructure solutions utilized by organizations to help transform the way they build, deliver and consume IT resources.
Over the years, we have increased our product offerings beyond compute virtualization to include offerings that allow organizations to manage IT resources
across private clouds and complex multi-cloud, multi—device environments by leveraging synergies across three product categories: Software-Defined Data Center
(SDDC), Hybrid Cloud Computing and End-User Computing. Our portfolio supports and addresses the four key IT priorities of our customers: modernizing data
centers, integrating public clouds, empowering digital workspaces and transforming security.
We sell our solutions using enterprise agreements (“EAs”) or as part of our non-EA, or transactional, business. EAs are comprehensive volume license
offerings, offered both directly by us and through certain channel partners that also provide for multi-year maintenance and support. We continue to experience
strong renewals, including of our EAs, resulting in additional license sales of both our existing and newer products and solutions.
SDDC or Software-Deﬁned Data Center
Our SDDC technologies are the basis for the private cloud environment and provide the capabilities for our customers to extend their private cloud to the
public cloud and to help them run, manage, secure and connect all their applications across all clouds and devices. While sales of our VMware vSphere
(“vSphere”) offerings have remained strong, the majority of our license sales originate from products and services solutions across our portfolio beyond our
compute products. We continue to experience growth in sales of VMware NSX (“NSX”), our network virtualization solution, and VMware vSAN (“vSAN”)
products.
Hybrid Cloud Computing
Our overarching cloud strategy contains three key components: (i) continue to expand beyond compute virtualization in the private cloud, (ii) extend the
private cloud into the public cloud and (iii) connect and secure endpoints across a range of public clouds.
Hybrid cloud computing is comprised of VMware vCloud Air Network (“vCAN”) and VMware vCloud Air (“vCloud Air”) offerings. We continue to see
growth in revenue derived from vCAN. We have narrowed the focus of vCloud Air to provide specialized cloud software and services unique to VMware that are
distinct from those offered by other cloud providers.
End-User Computing
Our End-User Computing solution consists of VMware WorkSpace ONE, our digital workspace platform, which includes VMware AirWatch (“AirWatch”)
and VMware Horizon. Our AirWatch business model includes an on-premises solution that we offer through the sale of perpetual licenses and an off-premises
solution that we offer as software-as-a-service (“SaaS”). AirWatch products and services continued to contribute to the growth of our end-user computing product
group during the year ended December 31, 2016.
Dell and EM C Merger
In October 2015, EMC Corporation (“EMC”) and Dell Technologies Inc. (“Dell”) (formerly Denali Holdings Inc.) entered into a definitive merger agreement,
pursuant to which Dell acquired EMC in a transaction that closed on September 7, 2016 (the “Dell Acquisition”).
As a result of the Dell Acquisition, VMware became an indirectly held, majority-owned subsidiary of Dell. As of December 31, 2016 , Dell controlled 82.8%
of our outstanding common stock and 97.7% of the combined voting power of our outstanding common stock, including 38 million shares of our Class A common
stock and all of our Class B common stock. We continue to Operate as a publicly traded company.
On October 25, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a change to our fiscal year from a fiscal year ending on December 31 of each calendar year to a fiscal
year consisting of a 52- or 53-week period ending on the Friday nearest to
35