Table of Contents
VMware, Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
retrospective transition method. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures.
B. Related Parties
The information provided below includes a summary of the transactions entered into with Dell and Dell’s consolidated subsidiaries including EMC
(collectively, “Dell”) from the effective date of the Dell Acquisition through December 31, 2016. Transactions prior to the effective date of the Dell Acquisition
represent transactions only with EMC and its consolidated subsidiaries.
During the fourth quarter of 20 14, Dell acquired the controlling interest in VCE Company LLC (“VCE”). Transactions with VCE from the acquisition date
have been included in the tables below.
Transactions with Dell
VMware and Dell engaged in the following ongoing intercompany transactions, which resulted in revenue and receipts and unearned revenue for VMware:
- Pursuant to ongoing reseller arrangements with Dell, Dell bundles VMware’s products and services with Dell’s products and sells them to end users.
Reseller revenue is presented net of related marketing development funds and rebates paid to Dell.
0 Dell purchases products and services from VMware for internal use.
0 VMware provides professional services to end users based upon contractual agreements with Dell.
0 Pursuant to an ongoing distribution agreement, VMware acts as the selling agent for certain products and services of Pivotal Software, Inc. (“Pivotal”), a
subsidiary of Dell, in exchange for an agency fee. Under this agreement, cash is collected from the end user by VMware and remitted to Pivotal, net of the
contractual agency fee.
0 VMware provides various services to Pivotal. Support costs incurred by VMware are reimbursed to VMware and are recorded as a reduction to the costs
incurred by VMware.
Information about VMware’s revenue and receipts from such arrangements during the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 and unearned revenue
from such arrangements at December 31, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following (table in millions):
Revenue and Receipts Unearned Revenue
For the Year Ended December 31, As of December 31,
2016 2015 2014 2016 2015
] Reseller revenue as 508 $ 301 $ 205 $ 637 s 292 l
Internal-use revenue 35 17 21 15 1 1
I Professional services revenue 115 100 85 — 3 ‘
Agency fee revenue 4 6 5 — —
l Reimbursement for services to Pivotal 1 4 2 n/a n/a ‘
VMware and Dell engaged in the following ongoing intercompany transactions, which resulted in costs to VMware:
° VMware purchases and leases products and purchases services from Dell.
0 From time to time, VMware and Dell enter into agreements to collaborate on technology projects, and VMware pays Dell for services provided to
VMware by Dell related to such projects.
0 In certain geographic regions where VMware does not have an established legal entity, VMware contracts with Dell subsidiaries for support services and
Dell personnel who are managed by VMware. The costs incurred by Dell on VMware’s behalf related to these employees are charged to VMware with a
mark-up intended to approximate costs that would have been incurred had VMware contracted for such services with an unrelated third party. These costs
are included as expenses on VMware’s consolidated statements of income and primarily include salaries, beneﬁts, travel and rent expenses. Dell also
incurs certain administrative costs on VMware’s behalf in the United States that are recorded as expenses on VMware’s consolidated statements of
income.
0 From time to time, VMware invoices end users on behalf of Dell for certain services rendered by Dell. Cash related to these services is collected from the
end user by VMware and remitted to Dell.
66