Iablre,of,C,ontents
arrangements that entitle a customer to specified upgrades or new license products until the product obligations have been fulfilled.
Professional services include design, implementation and training. Professional services are not considered essential to the functionality of our products
because services do not alter the product capabilities and may be performed by customers or other vendors. Revenue from professional services engagements
performed for a ﬁxed fee, for which we are able to make reasonably dependable estimates of progress toward completion, is recognized on a proportional
performance basis assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met. Revenue for professional services engagements billed on a time and materials basis is
recognized as the hours are incurred.
Rebate Reserves
We offer rebates to certain channel partners, which are recognized as a reduction to revenue or unearned revenue. Rebates based on actual partner sales are
recognized as a reduction of revenue as the underlying revenue is recognized. Rebates earned based upon partner achievement of cumulative level of sales are
recognized as a reduction of revenue proportionally for each sale that is required to achieve the target.
The estimated reserves for channel rebates and sales incentives are based on channel partners’ actual performance against the terms and conditions of the
programs, historical trends and the value of the rebates. The accuracy of these reserves for these rebates and sales incentives depends on our ability to estimate
these items and could have a significant impact on the timing and amount of revenue we report.
Accounting for Income Taxes
We are included in the Dell consolidated group for US. federal income tax purposes, and expect to continue to be included in such consolidated group for
periods in which Dell owns at least 80% of the total voting power and value of our outstanding stock as calculated for US. federal income tax purposes. The
percentage of voting power and value calculated for US. federal income tax purposes may differ from the percentage of outstanding shares beneficially owned by
Dell due to the greater voting power of our Class B common stock as compared to our Class A common stock and other factors. Each member of a consolidated
group during any part of a consolidated return year is jointly and severally liable for tax on the consolidated return of such year and for any subsequently
determined deficiency thereon. However, our income tax expense and the related income tax balance sheet accounts are derived primarily assuming we filed a
separate tax return. However, certain transactions that we and Dell are parties to are assessed using consolidated tax return rules. The difference between the
income taxes payable that is calculated on a separate tax return basis and the amount actually paid to Dell pursuant to our tax sharing agreement with Dell is
presented as a component of additional paid-in capital. Our assumptions, judgments and estimates used to calculate our income tax expense considers current tax
laws, our interpretation of current tax laws and possible outcomes of current and future audits conducted by foreign and domestic tax authorities.
We establish reserves for income taxes to address potential exposures involving tax positions that could be challenged by federal, state and foreign tax
authorities, which may result in proposed assessments. In the ordinary course of our global business there are many intercompany transactions, including the
transfer of intellectual property, where the ultimate tax determination could be challenged by the tax authorities. Our assumptions, estimates, and judgments used
to determine the reserve relating to these positions considers current tax laws, interpretation of current tax laws and possible outcomes of current and future
examinations conducted by tax authorities. As part of the Dell consolidated group, and separately, we are subject to the periodic examination of our income tax
returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other domestic and foreign tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting from these
examinations to determine the adequacy of our reserves and any potential adjustments that may result from the current and future examinations. We believe such
estimates to be reasonable; however, the ﬁnal determination from examinations and changes in tax laws could significantly impact the amounts provided for
income taxes in the consolidated financial statements.
We are subject to tax in the United States, and in multiple foreign tax jurisdictions. Our US. liquidity needs are currently satisfied using cash ﬂows generated
from our US. Operations, borrowings, or both. We also utilize a variety of tax planning strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in
locations in which it is needed. Currently, we do not provide US. income taxes on undistributed earnings of our non-US. subsidiaries. These undistributed
earnings are considered permanently reinvested outside the United States. While we do not anticipate changing our intention regarding permanently reinvested
earnings, if certain foreign earnings previously treated as permanently reinvested are repatriated, the related US. tax liability may be reduced by any non-US.
income taxes paid on these earnings.
Our deferred tax assets reﬂect our estimates of the amount and category of future taxable income, such as income from operations and capital gains, and also
take into account valuation allowances that consider other key factors that might restrict our ability to realize the deferred tax assets. Actual operating results and
the underlying amount and category of income in future years could render our current assumptions, judgments and estimates of recoverable net deferred taxes
inaccurate.
48