IableoﬁContents
Sanj ay Poonen has served as VMware’s Chief Operating Ofﬁcer, Customer Operations since October 2016. Prior to that he served as Executive Vice
President and General Manager, End-User Computing, Head of Global Marketing from April 2016 to October 2016. He joined VMware as Executive Vice
President and General Manager, End-User Computing in August 2013. Prior to joining VMware, he spent more than seven years at SAP AG, an enterprise
application software and services company, serving as President and Corporate Officer of Platform Solutions and the Mobile Division from April 2012 to July
2013, prior to that as President of Global Solutions from November 2010 to March 2012, as Executive Vice President of Performance Optimization Apps from
June 2008 to September 2009 and Senior Vice President of Analytics from April 2006 to May 2008. Mr. Poonen's over 20 years of technology industry experience
also includes executive-level positions with Symantec and Veritas, and product management and engineering positions with Alphablox Corporation, Apple, Inc.
and Microsoft Corporation.
Rangarajan (Raghu) Raghuram has served as VMware's Chief Operating Ofﬁcer, Products and Cloud Services since October 2016. Prior to that he served
as Executive Vice President, Software-Defined Data Center Division from April 2012 to October 2016. Mr. Raghuram joined VMware in 2003 and has held
multiple product management and marketing roles. Mr. Raghuram served as Senior Vice President and General Manager, Cloud Infrastructure and Management,
Virtualization and Cloud Platforms, and Enterprise Products from December 2009 through March 2012. Mr. Raghuram previously served as Vice President of
VMware's Server Business Unit and of Product and Solutions Marketing from September 2003 through December 2009. Prior to VMware, Mr. Raghuram held
product management and marketing roles at Netscape Communications Corporation and Bang Networks, Inc.
Rajiv Ramaswami has served as VMware’s Chief Operating Ofﬁcer, Products and Cloud Services since October 2016. Mr. Ramaswami joined VMware in
April 2016 and served as VMware’s Executive Vice President and General Manager of Networking. Prior to joining VMware he was Executive Vice President and
General Manager of the Infrastructure and Networking Group of Broadcom Corporation, a semiconductor company, from 2010. Prior to that he was Vice President
and General Manager of the Cloud Services and Switching Technology Group at Cisco Systems, Inc., where he also served as Vice President and General Manager
for a variety of business units in Optical, Switching and Storage Networking. Prior to joining Cisco, he served in various technical and leadership positions at Xros,
Tellabs Inc. and IBM’s Thomas J. Watson Research Center. Mr. Ramaswami is a member of the board of directors of NeoPhotonics Corporation.
S. Dawn Smith has served as VMware’s Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary at VMware since December 2015. She joined VMware as
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in September 2009, and she served as Chief Compliance Officer from August 2010 through January 2017.
Prior to joining VMware, Ms. Smith was a partner at Morrison & Foerster LLP, a law firm. Prior to joining Morrison & Foerster LLP, she was an attorney at
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati P.C.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
The risk factors that appear below could materially affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and operating results. The risks and uncertainties described below
are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies. Specific risk
factors related to our status as a controlled subsidiary of Dell Technologies Inc. (“Dell”) following Dell’s acquisition of our former majority stockholder EMC
Corporation (“EMC”) on September 7, 2016 (the “Dell Acquisition”), including, among other things, overlapping business opportunities, Dell’s ability to control
certain transactions and resource allocations and related persons transactions with Dell and its other affiliated companies, are set forth below under the heading
“Risks Related to Our Relationship with Dell.”
Risks Related to Our Business
Our success depends increasingly on customer acceptance of our emerging products and services.
Our products and services are primarily based on server Virtualization and related compute technologies used for virtualizing on-premises data center servers,
which form the foundation for private cloud computing. As the market for server Virtualization continues to mature, the rate of growth in license sales of our
vSphere hypervisor product has declined. We are increasingly directing our product development and marketing efforts toward products and services that enable
businesses to utilize Virtualization as the foundation for private, public and hybrid cloud-based computing and mobile computing, including our vSphere-based
software-deﬁned data center (“SDDC”) products such as our management and automation and network Virtualization (“NSX”) offerings, our Horizon client
Virtualization offerings, VMware AirWatch (“AirWatch”) mobile device management offerings and VMware VSAN (“VSAN”) storage Virtualization offerings. We
have also been introducing software-as-a-service (“SaaS”) versions of our on-premises products, including VMware Horizon Suite and certain AirWatch offerings,
and are working to extend our SDDC and NSX offerings into the public cloud and to introduce cross-cloud products and services by investing in cross-cloud and
SaaS initiatives and partnering with public cloud providers such as Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) and IBM. These initiatives present new and difﬁcult
technological and compliance challenges, and signiﬁcant investments will be required to develop or acquire solutions to address those challenges. Our success
depends on our current and future customers perceiving technological and operational beneﬁts and cost savings associated with adopting our
12