Iabl,e,of,C,ontents
charge in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined, which would
negatively impact our operating results.
Problems with our information systems could interfere with our business and could adversely impact our operations.
We rely on our information systems and those of third parties for processing customer orders, delivering products, providing services and support to our
customers, billing and tracking our customers, fulfilling contractual obligations and otherwise running our business. If our systems fail, our disaster and data
recovery planning and capacity may prove insufficient to enable timely recovery of important functions and business records. Any disruption in our information
systems and those of the third parties upon whom we rely could have a significant impact on our business. In addition, we continuously work to enhance our
information systems, such as our enterprise resource planning software. The implementation of these types of enhancements is frequently disruptive to the
underlying business of an enterprise, which may especially be the case for us due to the size and complexity of our business. Implementation may disrupt internal
controls and business processes and could introduce unintended vulnerability to error. Additionally, our information systems may not support new business models
and initiatives and signiﬁcant investments could be required in order to upgrade them. For example, in February 2017 we implemented a change in our fiscal
calendar, which required us to make adjustments to our critical business processes and data systems. Any disruptions relating to our systems enhancements,
particularly any disruptions impacting our operations during the implementation period, could adversely affect our business in a number of respects. Additionally,
delays in adapting our information systems to address new business models could limit the success or result in the failure of such initiatives and impair the
effectiveness of our internal controls. Even if we do not encounter these adverse effects, the implementation of these enhancements may be much more costly than
we anticipated. If we are unable to successfully implement the information systems enhancements as planned, our operating results could be negatively impacted.
We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities, and our operating results may be adversely impacted by higher than expected tax rates.
As a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property
and goods and services taxes, in both the US. and various foreign jurisdictions. Our domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of
revenue and expenses in different jurisdictions and the timing of recognizing revenue and expenses. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide
provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. We are subject to income and indirect tax examinations. The Dell-owned EMC consolidated group is routinely
under audit by the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”). All US. federal income tax matters have been concluded for years through 2010, except for any matters
under appeal. The IRS is currently auditing the Dell-owned EMC consolidated group’s federal tax returns for tax year 2011. In addition, we are under corporate
income tax audits in various states and non-U.S. jurisdictions. While we believe we have complied with all applicable income tax laws, a governing tax authority
could have a different interpretation of the law and assess us with additional taxes. Any assessment of additional taxes could materially affect our financial
condition and operating results.
Our future effective tax rate may be affected by such factors as changes in tax laws, changing interpretation of existing laws or regulations, the impact of
accounting for stock-based compensation, the impact of accounting for business combinations, changes in the composition of global earnings, the expiration of
statute of limitations, settlements of audits, changes in our international organization and changes in overall levels of income before tax.
In addition, in the ordinary course of our global business, there are many intercompany transactions, including the transfer of intellectual property, where the
ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits or tax disputes may differ
from what is reﬂected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals.
Our rate of taxation in foreign jurisdictions is lower than our US. tax rate. Our international income is primarily earned by our subsidiaries organized in
Ireland, and, as such, our effective tax rate can be impacted by the composition of our earnings in the US. and foreign jurisdictions. During October 2014, Ireland
announced revisions to its tax regulations that will require foreign earnings of our subsidiaries organized in Ireland to be taxed at higher rates. We will be impacted
by the changes in tax laws in Ireland beginning in 2021. Prior to this date, we may proactively make structural changes in Ireland that may reduce the impact to our
future tax rates. Currently, there are certain structural changes in Ireland that may be available to multi—national companies. However, due to the Dell Acquisition,
we could be subject to higher tax obligations in the event we executed similar structural changes.
The current US. administration has made public statements indicating that tax reform is a priority. Any significant change to US. tax laws could have a
material impact on our financial condition and operating results.
In addition, numerous other countries have recently enacted or are considering enacting changes to tax laws, administrative interpretations, decisions, policies
and positions. The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development issued
23