Iablrebeontents
New Accounting Pronouncements
Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers
During May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“F ASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606). In 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12, which provide interpretive clariﬁcations on the new
guidance in Topic 606 (collectively, “Topic 606”). The updated revenue standard replaces all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP and establishes
common principles for recognizing revenue for all industries. It also provides guidance on the accounting for costs to fulﬁll or obtain a customer contract. The core
principle underlying the updated standard is the recognition of revenue based on consideration expected to be entitled from the transfer of goods or services to a
customer. The updated standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and permits the use of either the full retrospective or
cumulative effect transition method. Early adoption is permitted for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016.
We plan to adopt Topic 606 using the full retrospective transition method when it becomes effective for us in the first ﬁscal quarter of 2019, under our new
ﬁscal calendar. While we are continuing to assess the potential impacts of Topic 606, we currently expect unearned license revenue related to the sale of perpetual
licenses will decline signiﬁcantly upon adoption. Currently, we defer all license revenue related to the sale of our perpetual licenses in the event certain revenue
recognition criteria are not met. However, under T0pic 606 we would generally expect that substantially all license revenue related to sale of our perpetual licenses
will be recognized upon delivery. We are continuing to evaluate the effect that Topic 606 will have on our ﬁnancial statements and related disclosures, and
preliminary assessments are subject to change.
ASU No. 2016-02, Leases
During February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which requires a lessee to recognize a lease liability for the obligation to
make lease payments and a right-to-use asset for the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. This updated standard also requires additional disclosure
regarding leasing arrangements. It is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and requires a modified retrospective adoption,
with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures,
and expect that most of our lease commitments will be subject to the updated standard and recognized as lease liabilities and right-of-use assets upon adoption.
ASUNo. 2016-09, Compensation
During March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation—Stock Compensation (Topic 718), which impacts the accounting for share-based
payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classiﬁcation of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classiﬁcation on the statements of cash
ﬂows. The updated standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and permits early adoption in any interim or annual
period. We adopted the updated standard effective February 4, 2017. The updated standard is expected to cause volatility in our effective tax rates and net income
per share due to the treatment of the tax effects on exercised or vested stock-based awards recorded to the consolidated statements of income. The volatility in
future periods will depend on our stock price at the awards’ vest dates or exercise dates and the number of awards that vest or exercise in each period. In addition,
all tax-related cash flows resulting from share-based payments are required to be reported as operating activities in the consolidated statement of cash ﬂows. As
permitted under the updated standard, we will continue to estimate forfeitures at each period and did not elect an accounting policy change to record forfeitures as
they occur.
ASU No. 2016-16, Income Taxes
During October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16, Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory (Topic 740), which requires
entities to recognize at the transaction date the income tax consequences of intra-entity asset transfers. Previous guidance requires the tax effects from intra-entity
asset transfers to be deferred until that asset is sold to a third party or recovered through use. The updated standard is effective in annual and interim periods
beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted during the ﬁrst interim period of a ﬁscal year, and requires a modiﬁed retrospective transition
method. We are currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Foreign Exchange Risk
We operate in foreign countries, which expose us to market risk associated with foreign currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations between the US. dollar and
various foreign currencies, the most signiﬁcant of which is the euro.
Although approximately 70% of our sales are denominated in the US. dollar, we also invoice and collect in the euro, the British pound, the Japanese yen, the
Australian dollar and the Chinese renminbi in their respective regions. The US dollar is
49