Iablre,of,C,ontents
The information provided below includes a summary of the transactions entered into with Dell and Dell’s consolidated subsidiaries including EMC
(collectively, “Dell”) from the effective date of the Dell Acquisition through December 31, 2016. Transactions prior to the effective date of the Dell Acquisition
represent transactions only with EMC and its consolidated subsidiaries (“Parent”).
During the fourth quarter of 20 14, Dell acquired the controlling interest in VCE Company LLC (“VCE”). Transactions with VCE from the acquisition date
have been included in the tables below.
Transactions with Dell
We engaged with Dell in the following ongoing intercompany transactions, which resulted in revenue and receipts and unearned revenue for us:
0 Pursuant to ongoing reseller arrangements with Dell, Dell bundles our products and services with Dell’s products and sells them to end users. Reseller
revenue is presented net of related marketing development funds and rebates paid to Dell.
0 Dell purchases products and services from us for internal use.
0 We provide professional services to end users based upon contractual agreements with Dell.
0 Pursuant to an ongoing distribution agreement, we act as the selling agent for certain products and services of Pivotal Software, Inc. (“Pivotal”), a
subsidiary of Dell, in exchange for an agency fee. Under this agreement, cash is collected from the end user by us and remitted to Pivotal, net of the
contractual agency fee.
0 We provide various services to Pivotal. Support costs incurred by us are reimbursed to us and are recorded as a reduction to the costs incurred by us.
Information about our revenue and receipts from such arrangements during the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 and unearned revenue from
such arrangements as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following (table in millions):
Revenue and Receipts Unearned Revenue
For the Year Ended December 31, As of December 31,
2016 2015 2014 2016 2015
] Reseller revenue as 508 $ 301 $ 205 $ 637 $ 292 l
Internal-use revenue 35 17 21 15 1 1
I Professional services revenue 115 100 85 — 3 ‘
Agency fee revenue 4 6 5 — —
I Reimbursement for services to Pivotal 1 4 2 n/a n/a ‘
We engaged with Dell in the following ongoing intercompany transactions, which resulted in costs to us:
0 We purchase and lease products and purchase services from Dell.
0 From time to time, we and Dell enter into agreements to collaborate on technology projects, and we pay Dell for services provided to us by Dell related to
such projects.
0 In certain geographic regions where we do not have an established legal entity, we contract with Dell subsidiaries for support services and Dell personnel
who are managed by us. The costs incurred by Dell on our behalf related to these employees are charged to us with a mark-up intended to approximate
costs that would have been incurred had we contracted for such services with an unrelated third party. These costs are included as expenses on our
consolidated statements of income and primarily include salaries, benefits, travel and rent expenses. Dell also incurs certain administrative costs on our
behalf in the United States that are recorded as expenses on our consolidated statements of income.
0 From time to time, we invoice end users on behalf of Dell for certain services rendered by Dell. Cash related to these services is collected from the end
user by us and remitted to Dell.
42