Iableofﬂontents
Services Revenue
During 2016 and 2015, software maintenance revenue beneﬁted from strong renewals of our software enterprise agreements, maintenance contracts sold in
previous periods and additional maintenance contracts sold in conjunction with new software license sales. In each period presented, customers purchased, on a
weighted-average basis, more than 24 months of support and maintenance with each new license purchased.
Professional services revenue increased 7% in 2016 and 23% in 2015. As we continue to invest in our partners and expand our ecosystem of third-party
professionals with expertise in our offerings to independently provide professional services to our customers, our professional services revenue will vary based on
the delivery channels used in any given period as well as the timing of service engagements.
GSA Settlement
During 2015, we reached an agreement with the Department of Justice (“DOJ”) and the General Services Administration (“GSA”) to pay $76 million to
resolve allegations that our government sales practices between 2006 and 2013 had violated the federal False Claims Act. The settlement was paid and recorded as
a reduction of our total revenue during the year ended December 31, 2015.
Unearned Revenue
Unearned revenue as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 was as follows (table in millions):
December 31,
2016 2015
’Unearned license revenue $ 503 $ 428 ‘
Unearned software maintenance revenue 4,628 4,174
lUnearned professional services revenue 493 474 l
Total unearned revenue $ 5,624 $ 5,076
Unearned license revenue is generally recognized upon delivery of existing or future products or services, or is otherwise recognized ratably over the term of
the arrangement. Future products include, in some cases, emerging products that are offered as part of product promotions where the purchaser of an existing
product is entitled to receive the future product at no additional charge. To the extent the future product has not been delivered and vendor-specific objective
evidence (“VSOE”) of fair value cannot be established, revenue for the entire order is deferred until such time as all product delivery obligations have been
fulﬁlled. Unearned revenue arising from product promotions as of December 31, 2016 increased compared to December 31, 2015. In addition, unearned revenue as
of December 31, 2016 increased as a result of increased sales of our hybrid cloud and SaaS offerings. If the arrangement does not include professional services,
unearned license revenue may also be recognized ratably, if the customer is granted the right to receive unspecified future products or VSOE of fair value on the
software maintenance element of the arrangement does not exist.
Unearned software maintenance revenue is attributable to our maintenance contracts and is generally recognized ratably over the contract period. The
weighted-average remaining term at December 31, 2016 was approximately two years . Unearned professional services revenue results primarily from prepaid
professional services, including training, and is generally recognized as the services are delivered.
Unearned license and software maintenance revenue will ﬂuctuate based upon a variety of factors including sales volume, the timing of both product
promotion offers and delivery of the future products offered, and the amount of arrangements sold with ratable revenue recognition. Additionally, the amount of
unearned revenue derived from transactions denominated in a foreign currency is impacted by ﬂuctuations in the foreign currencies in which we invoice.
Cost of License Revenue, Cost of Services Revenue and Operating Expenses
Our cost of services revenue and operating expenses were primarily impacted by increasing employee-related expenses including salaries, bonuses,
commissions and stock-based compensation across most of our income statement expense categories, net of realignment activities, during the years ended
December 31, 2016 and 2015. We expect this trend to continue. As part of the realignment plan approved in January 2016, we have largely reinvested the
associated savings primarily in research and development as well as sales and marketing.
In calculating the impact of foreign currency ﬂuctuations on cost of license revenue, cost of services revenue and operating expenses, we converted expenses
recognized during the current period derived from non-U.S. dollar-based transactions into US. dollars using the exchange rates that were effective in the
comparable prior-year period and compared the calculated amount to the amount, as reported, in the comparable prior-year period.
37