Table of Contents
Our business incurs signiﬁcant reverse engineering expenditures on products of potential licensees in order to prepare sales and marketing collateral. We employ
intensive marketing and sales efforts to educate licensees, potential licensees and original equipment manufacturers about the beneﬁts of our technologies. In
addition, even if these companies adopt our technologies, they must devote signiﬁcant resources to integrate fully our technologies into their operations. If our
marketing and sales efforts are unsuccessful, then we may not be able to achieve widespread acceptance of our technology. In addition, ongoing litigation could
impact our ability to gain new licensees which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash ﬂows.
If our licensees delay, refuse to or are unable to make payments to us due to ﬁnancial difﬁculties or otherwise, or shift their licensed products to other
companies to lower their royalties to us, our operating results and cash ﬂows could be adversely affected.
A number of companies in the semiconductor and consumer electronics industries face severe ﬁnancial difﬁculties from time to time. As a result, there have been
recent bankruptcies and restructuring of companies in these industries. Our licensees may face similar financial difﬁculties which may result in their inability to
make payments to us in a timely manner, or at all. In addition, we have had a history of, and we may in the future experience, customers that delay or refuse to
make payments owed to us under license agreements. Our licensees may also merge with or may shift the manufacture of licensed products to companies that are
not currently licensees to us. This could make the collection process complex and difficult which could adversely impact our business, ﬁnancial condition, results
of operations and cash ﬂows.
We have in the past recorded, and may in the future record, signiﬁcant valuation allowances on our deferred tax assets, and the recording and release of
such allowances may have a material impact on our results of operations and cause ﬂuctuations in our stock price.
During the third quarter of 2015, we released the valuation allowance recorded primarily against Ireland deferred tax assets. We released a majority of our
valuation allowance against US. federal deferred tax assets during the third quarter of 20 14. The need for a valuation allowance requires an assessment of both
positive and negative evidence when determining whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable; such assessment is required on a
jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis. In making such assessment, signiﬁcant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively veriﬁed. After considering both
negative and positive evidence to assess the recoverability of our net deferred tax assets during the third quarter of 2014, we determined that it was more likely than
not we would realize our US. federal deferred tax assets. As such, we determined that no valuation allowance is required on the majority of our US. federal
deferred tax assets. Likewise, during the third quarter of 2015, we determined that it was more likely than not we would realize Ireland deferred tax assets. In the
future, we may release valuation allowance and recognize deferred state tax assets or deferred tax assets of other foreign subsidiaries depending on achieving
profitability in relevant jurisdictions. We continue to monitor the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets, including those for which a
valuation allowance is still recorded. There can be no assurance that the Company will generate proﬁts in future periods enabling it to fully realize its deferred tax.
The timing of recording a valuation allowance or the reversal of such valuation allowance is subject to objective and subjective factors that cannot be readily
predicted in advance. Both the establishment of a valuation allowance and the reversal of a previously recorded valuation allowance may have a material impact on
our quarterly ﬁnancial results, which may lead to ﬂuctuation in the value of our stock.
Failure by the semiconductor industry to adopt our technology for the next generation high performance DRAM chips would signiﬁcantly harm our
business.
To date, our technology has been used by several companies for high performance DRAM chips. For example, packaging using our technology is used for DDR3
and DDR4 DRAM and we currently have licensees, including SK hynix Inc., Samsung Electronics, Co., Ltd. and Micron Technology, Inc., who are paying
royalties for DRAM chips in advanced packages.
DRAM manufacturers are also currently developing next generation high performance DRAM chips to meet increasing speed and performance requirements of
electronic products. We believe that these next-generation, high performance DRAM chips will require advanced technologies.
We anticipate that royalties from shipments of these next generation, high performance DRAM chips using our technology may account for a significant
percentage of our future revenues. If semiconductor manufacturers do not continue to use our technology for the next generation of high performance DRAM chips
and find viable alternative technologies for use with next generation high performance DRAM chips, or if we do not receive royalties from the next generation,
high performance DRAM chips that use our technology, our future revenues could be adversely affected.
14