Table of Contents
We have in the past and may in the future be involved in litigation and administrative proceedings involving some of our key patents; any invalidation or
limitation of the scope of our key patents could signiﬁcantly harm our business.
We have been in the past and may in the future be involved in litigation involving some of our patents. The parties in these legal actions often challenge the
validity, scope, enforceability and ownership of our patents. In addition, in the past requests for reexamination or review have been ﬁled in the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office ("PTO") with respect to patent claims that were at issue in one or more of our litigation proceedings, and oppositions have been ﬁled against us
with respect to our patents in the European Patent Ofﬁce ("EPO"). During a reexamination or review proceeding and upon completion of the proceeding, the PTO
or EPO may leave a patent in its present form, narrow the scope of the patent, or cancel some or all of the claims of the patent. For example the PTO has issued
several Official Actions rejecting or maintaining earlier rejections of many of the claims in some of our patents. From time to time we assert these patents and
patent claims in litigation and administrative proceedings. If the PTO's adverse rulings are upheld on appeal and some or all of the claims of the patents that are
subject to reexamination are canceled, our business may be significantly harmed. In addition, counterparties to our litigation and administrative proceedings may
seek and obtain orders to stay these proceedings based on rejections of claims in PTO reexaminations or review proceedings, and other courts or tribunals
reviewing our legal actions could make ﬁndings adverse to our interests, even if the PTO actions are not ﬁnal.
We cannot predict the outcome of any of these proceedings or the myriad procedural and substantive motions in these proceedings. If there is an adverse ruling in
any legal or administrative proceeding relating to the infringement, validity, enforceability or ownership of any of our patents, or if a court or an administrative
body such as the PTO limits the scope of the claims of any of our patents or concludes that they are unpatentable, we could be prevented from enforcing or earning
future revenues from those patents, and the likelihood that customers will take new licenses and that current licensees will continue to agree to pay under their
existing licenses could be signiﬁcantly reduced. The resulting reduction in license fees and royalties could signiﬁcantly harm our business, consolidated ﬁnancial
position, results of operations and cash ﬂows, as well as the trading price of our common stock.
Furthermore, regardless of the merits of any claim, the continued maintenance of these legal and administrative proceedings may result in substantial legal
expenses and diverts our management's time and attention away from our other business operations, which could signiﬁcantly harm our business. Our enforcement
proceedings have historically been protracted and complex. The time to resolution and complexity of our litigation, its disproportionate importance to our business
compared to other companies, the propensity for delay in civil litigation, and the potential that we may lose particular motions as well as the overall litigation could
all cause significant volatility in our stock price and have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial position, results of operations, and
cash ﬂows.
The timing of payments under our license and settlement agreements may cause ﬂuctuations in our quarterly or annual results of operations.
From time to time we enter into license and settlement agreements that include pricing or payment terms that result in quarter-to-quarter or year-over-year
ﬂuctuations in our revenues, such as volume pricing adjustments. The effect of these terms may also cause our aggregate annual royalty revenues to grow less
rapidly than annual growth in overall unit shipments in the applicable end market. Additionally, our customers may fail to pay, delay payment of or underpay what
they owe to us under our license and settlement agreements, which may in turn require us to enforce our contractual rights through litigation, resulting in payment
amounts and timing different than expected based on the terms of our license and settlement agreements. This also may cause our revenues to ﬂuctuate on a
quarter-to-quarter or year-over-year basis.
Recent and proposed changes to U.S. patent laws, rules, and regulations may adversely impact our business.
Our business relies in part on the uniform and historically consistent application of U.S. patent laws, rules and regulations. There have been numerous recent
administrative, legislative, and judicial changes and proposed changes to patent laws and rules that may have a signiﬁcant impact on our ability to protect our
technology and enforce our intellectual property rights. For example, we expect that Congress may consider bills relating to patent reform that could adversely
impact our business depending on the scope of any bills that may ultimately be enacted into law. As another example, the U.S. Supreme Court and lower courts
have in recent years issued decisions that are not favorable to patent owners. Some of these changes or potential changes may not be advantageous for us, and may
make it more difﬁcult to obtain adequate patent protection, or to enforce our patents against parties using them without a license or payment of royalties. These
changes or potential changes could increase the costs and uncertainties surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement of our patent
rights, and could have a deleterious effect on our ability to license our patents and, therefore, on the royalties we can collect.
Some of our license agreements may convert to fully paid-up licenses at the expiration of their terms, or upon certain milestones, and we may not receive
royalties after that time.
9