Table of Contents
Research, development and other related costs consist primarily of compensation and related costs for personnel, as well as costs related to patent applications and
examinations, product "tear downs" and reverse engineering, materials, supplies and equipment depreciation. Research and development is conducted primarily in-
house and targets development of chip-scale and multi-chip packaging, circuitry design, 3D-IC architectures, wafer-level packaging technology, advanced
substrates, and image enhancement technology. All research, development and other related costs are expensed as incurred.
Research, development and other related costs for the year ended December 31, 2015 were $32.2 million, as compared to $32.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2014, a decrease of $0.1 million. The decrease was primarily related to a $2.5 million decrease in legal costs which resulted from focusing our patent
maintenance efforts in critical markets and renegotiating fees with key vendors and a $0.4 million decrease in our operating equipment and supplies. These
decreases were partially offset by a $2.5 million increase in stock-based compensation and other personnel-related expenses.
We believe that a significant level of research and development expenses will be required for us to remain competitive in the future.
Selling, General and Administrative
Selling expenses consist primarily of compensation and related costs for sales and marketing personnel, reverse engineering personnel and services, amortization of
intangibles, marketing programs, public relations, promotional materials, travel, trade show expenses, and stock-based compensation expense. General and
administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation and related costs for general management, information technology, finance personnel, legal fees and
expenses, facilities costs, stock-based compensation expense, and professional services. Our general and administrative expenses, other than facilities related
expenses, are not allocated to other expense line items. Our selling, general and administrative expenses have declined as we have implemented cost savings
strategies.
Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2015 were $43.6 million, as compared to $47.2 million for the year ended
December 31, 2014, a decrease of $3.6 million, or 8%. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of $4.0 million in salary and beneﬁts and stock based
compensation due to our reduced headcount resulting from restructuring activities during 2014 and a $0.9 million decrease in legal costs due to the conclusion of
the O-Film transaction in 2014 and reduced patent evaluation expenses. These decreases were partially offset by a $1.7 million increase in expenditures for market
research reports.
Amortization Expense
Amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $20.6 million, as compared to $18.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase
of $2.1 million. This increase was primarily attributable to intangible assets recorded in connection with the Ziptronix acquisition in August 2015 as well as $7.6
million in intellectual property assets acquired in 2015.
We expect amortization expense to continue being a material portion of our operating expenses in future periods as we are actively pursuing additional acquisitions
of intellectual property assets.
Litigation Expense
Litigation expense for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $14.1 million, as compared to $25.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, a decrease of
$11.0 million, or 44%. The decrease was primarily attributable to the decrease of our docket of legal proceedings, largely due to settlement activities in 2014 and
early 20 15.
Although our litigation expense decreased from the previous ﬁscal year, we expect that litigation expense may continue to be a material portion of our operating
expenses in future periods, and may ﬂuctuate signiﬁcantly between periods, because of our ongoing litigation, as described in Part I, Item 3 - Legal Proceeding s,
and because of litigation that may be initiated from time to time in the future in order to enforce and protect our intellectual property and contract rights.
Upon expiration of the current terms of our customers’ licenses, if those licenses are not renewed, litigation may become a necessary element of an effort to secure
payment of reasonable royalties for the use of our patented technology. If we initiate such litigation, our future litigation expenses may increase.
Restructuring, Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Other Charges and Gain on Sale of Patents
3 1