Table of Contents
* changes in generally accepted accounting principles including new accounting standards which may materially affect our revenue recognition; and
* cyclical ﬂuctuations in semiconductor markets generally.
Due to ﬂuctuations in our operating results, reports from market and security analysts, litigation-related developments, and other factors, the price at which our
common stock will trade is likely to continue to be highly volatile. In future periods, if our revenues or operating results are below the estimates or expectations of
public market analysts and investors, our stock price could decline. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against companies following
a decline in the market price of their securities. If our stock price is volatile, we may become involved in this type of litigation in the future. Any litigation could
result in substantial costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources that are needed to successfully run our business.
We may not continue to pay dividends at the same rate we are currently paying them, or at all, and any decrease in or suspension of the dividend could
cause our stock price to decline.
In February 2015, we updated our capital allocation strategy. Given the change in business approach that moves us away from backward looking “episodic”
payments, we discontinued the once-a-year payment of special dividends on episodic proceeds and instead announced a doubling of the current quarterly dividend
to $0.20 per share which began in March 2015. We also return capital to shareholders through stock repurchases and plan to continue repurchasing stock in future
periods. We anticipate that all quarterly dividends and stock repurchases will be paid out of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. The payment of
future cash dividends is subject to the ﬁnal determination each quarter by our Board of Directors that the dividend remains in our best interests, which
determination will be based on a number of factors, including our earnings, financial condition, capital resources and capital requirements, alternative uses of
capital, economic condition and other factors considered relevant by management and the Board of Directors. Any decrease in the amount of the dividend, or
suspension or discontinuance of payment of a dividend, could cause our stock price to decline.
Our stock repurchase program could increase the volatility of the price of our common stock, and the program may be suspended or terminated at any
time, which may cause the trading price of our common stock to decline.
In August 2007, we authorized a plan to repurchase our outstanding shares of common stock dependent on market conditions, share price and other factors. As of
December 31, 2015, the total amount available for repurchase under the plan was $25.9 million. In January 2016, the Board authorized an additional $200.0 million
in future repurchases under the plan.
The amount of repurchases under our stock repurchase program will vary. During 2013, we repurchased approximately 1,500,000 shares for an aggregate amount
of $28.8 million. In 2014, we repurchased approximately 2,800,000 shares for an aggregate amount of $65.6 million. In 2015, we repurchased approximately
3,300,000 shares for an aggregate amount of $119.2 million. Additionally, the timing of repurchases is at our discretion and the program may be suspended or
discontinued at any time. Any suspension or discontinuation could cause the market price of our stock to decline. The timing of repurchases pursuant to our stock
repurchase program could affect our stock price and increase its volatility. There can be no assurance that any stock repurchases will enhance stockholder value
because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we effected repurchases. Furthermore, the Company may engage in mergers,
acquisitions, or other activity that could result in us reducing or discontinuing share repurchases for a period of time.
The investment of our cash, cash equivalents and investments in marketable debt securities are subject to risks which may cause losses and affect the
liquidity of these investments.
At December 31, 2015, we held approximately $22.6 million in cash and cash equivalents and $359.1 million in short—term investments. These investments include
various financial securities such as municipal bonds and notes, corporate bonds and notes, commercial paper, treasury and agency notes and bills, and money
market funds. Although the Company invests in high quality securities, ongoing financial events have at times adversely impacted the general credit, liquidity,
market and interest rates for these and other types of debt securities. Changes in monetary policy by the Federal Reserve, government ﬁscal policies, and global
economic and market conditions may adversely affect the value of our investment portfolio. While we have historically held our investments to maturity, we may
in the future have a need to sell investments before their maturity dates,
1 6