Table of Contents
which could result in losses on the sale of those investments. The ﬁnancial market and monetary risks associated with our investment portfolio may have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash ﬂows.
We operate in a highly cyclical electronics industry, which is subject to signiﬁcant downturns.
The semiconductor industry has historically been cyclical and is characterized by wide ﬂuctuations in product supply and demand. From time to time, this industry
has experienced significant downturns, often in connection with, or in anticipation of, declining economic conditions, maturing product and technology cycles, and
excess inventories. This cyclicality could cause our operating results to decline from one period to the next. Our business depends, in part, upon the volume of
production by our licensees, which, in turn, depends upon the current and anticipated market demand for semiconductors and products that use semiconductors.
Semiconductor manufacturers and package assembly companies generally sharply curtail their Spending during industry downturns, and historically have lowered
their spending more than the decline in their revenues. As a result, our financial results have been, and will continue to be, impacted by the cyclicality of the
electronics industry. If we are unable to control our expenses adequately in response to lower revenues from our licensees and service customers in such
downturns, our results of operations and cash ﬂows will be materially and adversely impacted.
Changes in ﬁnancial accounting or taxation standards, rules, practices or interpretation may cause adverse unexpected revenue and expense ﬂuctuations
which may impact our reported results of operations.
We prepare our consolidated ﬁnancial statements in accordance with US. GAAP. These principles are subject to interpretations by the SEC and various
accounting bodies. In addition, we are subject to various taxation rules in many jurisdictions. The existing taxation rules are generally complex, frequently
changing and often ambiguous. Changes to taxation rules, changes to financial accounting standards such as the proposed convergence to international ﬁnancial
reporting standards, or any changes to the interpretations of these standards or rules may adversely affect our reported financial results or the way in which we
conduct business. Recent accounting pronouncements and their estimated potential impact on our business are addressed in Note 3 - “Recent Accounting
Pronouncemenz‘s ” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
The international nature of our business exposes us to ﬁnancial and regulatory risks that may have a negative impact on our consolidated ﬁnancial
position, results of operations and cash flows, and we may have difﬁculty protecting our intellectual property in some foreign countries.
We derive a significant portion of our revenues from licensees headquartered outside of the US. We also have operations outside of the U.S., including our
research and development facilities in Ireland, Romania and the United Kingdom, to design, develop, test or market certain technologies. International operations
are subject to a number of risks, including but not limited to the following:
* changes in trade protection laws, policies and measures, and other regulatory requirements affecting trade and investment;
* regulatory requirements and prohibitions that differ between jurisdictions;
* laws and business practices favoring local companies;
withholding tax obligations on license revenues that we may not be able to offset fully against our US. tax obligations, including the further risk that
* foreign tax authorities may re-characterize license fees or increase tax rates, which could result in increased tax withholdings and penalties;
* security concerns, including crime, political instability, terrorist activity, armed conﬂict and civil or military unrest;
* differing employment practices, labor issues and business and cultural factors;
* less effective protection of intellectual property than is afforded to us in the US. or other developed countries; and
* limited infrastructure and disruptions, such as large-scale outages or interruptions of service from utilities or telecommunications providers.
17