Table of Contents
Our intellectual property is also used in a large number of foreign countries. There are many countries in which we currently have no issued patents. In addition,
effective intellectual property enforcement may be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries. It may be difficult for us to protect our intellectual property
from misuse or infringement by other companies in these countries. We expect this to become a greater problem for us as our licensees increase their
manufacturing and sales in countries which provide less protection for intellectual property. Our inability to enforce our intellectual property rights in some
countries may harm our business, financial position, results of operations and cash ﬂows.
Our business and operating results may be harmed if we are unable to manage growth in our business, if we undertake any further restructuring
activities or if we dispose of a business division or dispose of or discontinue any product lines.
We have in the past expanded our operations, domestically and internationally, and may continue to do so through both internal growth and acquisitions. For
example, in 2012, we acquired manufacturing capabilities in Zhuhai, China and commenced building out a manufacturing facility in Hsinchu, Taiwan, and we
subsequently closed the Zhuhai, China facility in 2013 and ceased operations in our Taiwan facility in 2014. To manage our growth effectively, we must continue
to improve and expand our management, systems and financial controls. We also need to continue to expand, train and manage our employee base. If we are
unable to effectively manage our growth or we are unsuccessful in recruiting and retaining personnel, our business and operating results will be harmed.
From time to time, we may undertake to restructure our business, including the disposition of a business division, or the disposition or discontinuance of a product
line. For example, in March 2013, we announced the planned closure of our leased manufacturing facility in Zhuhai, China; in April 2013, we announced that we
were exploring a sale or other strategic alternatives for our DigitalOptics business; in August 2013, we announced the sale of a significant portion of the assets of
the DigitalOptics manufacturing facility based in Charlotte, North Carolina; and in January 2014, we announced a restructuring to cease our remaining
manufacturing operations, as well as the workforce reduction and facility closures in connection with the restructuring. There are several factors that could cause a
restructuring, a disposition or a discontinuance to have an adverse effect on our business, ﬁnancial position, results of operations and cash ﬂows. These include
potential disruption of our operations and our information technology systems, the timing of development of our technology, the deliveries of products or services
to our customers, changes in our workforce and other aspects of our business. In addition, such actions may increase the risk of claims or threats of lawsuits by our
customers or former employees. In the case of a disposition of a product line, there may be a risk of not identifying a purchaser, or, if identified, the purchase price
may be less than the net asset book value for the product line. Employee morale and productivity could also suffer and we may lose employees whom we want to
keep. Any restructuring, disposition or discontinuance would require substantial management time and attention and may divert management from other important
work. There are no assurances that a restructuring, disposal or discontinuance will result in future profitability. We may also incur other significant liabilities and
costs including employee severance costs, relocation expenses, and impairment of lease obligations and long-lived assets. Moreover, we could encounter delays in
executing any restructuring plans, which could cause further disruption and additional unanticipated expense.
Disputes regarding our intellectual pr0perty may require us to indemnify certain licensees, the cost of which could adversely affect our business
operations and ﬁnancial condition.
While we generally do not indemnify our licensees, some of our license agreements in our image enhancement business provide limited indemnities for certain
actions brought by third parties against our licensees, and some require us to provide technical support and information to a licensee that is involved in litigation
for using our technology. We may agree to provide similar indemnity or support obligations to future licensees. Our indemnity and support obligations could result
in substantial expenses. In addition to the time and expense required for us to indemnify or supply such support to our licensees, a licensee's development,
marketing and sales of licensed image enhancement products could be severely disrupted or shut down as a result of litigation, which in turn could have a material
adverse effect on our business operations, consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash ﬂows.
If we lose any of our key personnel or are unable to attract, train and retain qualiﬁed personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy
effectively.
Our success depends, in large part, on the continued contributions of our key management, engineering, sales, marketing, intellectual property, legal and finance
personnel, many of whom are highly skilled and would be difficult to replace. None of our senior management, key technical personnel or key sales personnel are
bound by written employment contracts to remain with us for a specified period. In addition, we do not currently maintain key-person life insurance covering our
key personnel or have restrictions on their post-employment ability to solicit our employees, contractors or customers if key personnel voluntarily terminate their
employment. The loss of any of our senior management or other key personnel could harm our ability to implement our business strategy and respond to the
rapidly changing market conditions in which we operate. Our future success will depend to a significant extent on the ability of these executives to effectively drive
execution of our business strategy, and on the ability of our management team to work together effectively.
1 8