Table of Contents
Tessera, Inc's research and development led to significant innovations in semiconductor packaging technology. Semiconductor packaging creates the mechanical
and electrical connection between semiconductor chips and systems such as computers and communication equipment, often via connection to printed circuit
boards. We patented these innovations, often referred to as chip-scale packaging, which were widely adopted in the electronics industry. The wave of adoption was
initially led by Intel Corporation, and over time, many semiconductor companies and outsourced assembly and test companies adopted the technology and entered
into license agreements with Tessera, Inc.
Invensas Corporation, founded in 2011, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Tessera Technologies, Inc. that develops novel semiconductor packaging and interconnect
technologies for memory, mobile, computing and smart object applications. For these applications, Invensas innovates in three primary areas: (i) DRAM and Flash
memory, (ii) mobile processors, and (iii) 3D-IC assemblies. Invensas engineering teams develop and prototype these technologies in extensive assembly and test
laboratories, as well as performing full product reliability testing and acceptance testing. By building collaborative partnerships with world-class manufacturing
companies and high-volume equipment and materials suppliers, Invensas then licenses these technology solutions to original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs"),
original design manufacturers ("ODMs"), integrated device manufacturers ("IDMs"), and outsourced assembly and test (OSATs) providers, and supports the
technology transfer at the customer-designated sites.
Within each of these three Invensas sub-portfolios (memory, mobile, and 3D-IC), Invensas has created specific product solutions that address critical needs in the
market. For example, Invensas innovates in the 3D-IC space. 3D-IC, which includes Through-Silicon Vias, is widely expected to be the next major inﬂection in
semiconductor packaging and is applicable to multiple markets, including networking, data storage, computing and mobility. In August of 2015, we augmented our
3D-IC portfolio with the acquisition of Ziptronix, Inc., a leading developer of emerging low temperature wafer bonding technologies, which are targeted at the
image sensors, DRAM, MEMS, RF and 2.5D logic markets. BVA (Bond Via Array), one of the Invensas mobile packaging solutions, addresses the need for small
form factor, high bandwidth, low power and low cost in mobile devices, and Invensas with its partners is working to complete technology qualification to support
mass adoption. Finally, xFD, an Invensas multi-chip DRAM technology, was designed to provide some of the benefits of 3D-IC DRAM by connecting multiple
single-chip DRAMs, and it has gained interest with OEMs and DRAM manufacturers.
F otoNation Limited, which is comprised of world-class image scientists as well as software and hardware engineers,
continues to innovate in product and system-level imaging technologies. F otoNation licenses its software solutions and technologies for mobile imaging, including
the following solutions:
0 F aceTools provides face-oriented imaging technology such as face detection and tracking, smile and blink detection, red-eye removal, face recognition,
and face beautiﬁcation. Implementing these algorithms using our hardware acceleration technology results in enhanced performance for both video and
still images and sharply reduced power requirements.
0 Face beautiﬁcation enables users to enhance portraits (still and video) automatically with features such as skin toning, face slimming, eye brightening, and
teeth whitening.
- F otoSavvy is a solution that assists and guides smartphone camera users who are untrained in photography to produce professional-quality, DSLR-like
pictures from the camera-phone.
- F acePower enables the camera of a smartphone to act as a low-power sensor, reducing battery power consumption in the sensor by processing the images
using s0phisticated, computational analysis. It saves additional power by switching on only when a user looks at the screen. In addition, high-dynamic
range (HDR) capabilities enable users to capture quality images across a wide range of lighting conditions, including bright lights or sunshine.
- Panorama enables users to create panoramic images easily and automatically in a single step without need for a PC or editing software.
0 Image stabilization corrects for motion blur and shake induced during video capture.
In addition to providing technology and solutions to the mobile phone market, F otoNation provides best in class hardware-accelerated imaging/vision solutions
targeted to other emerging markets including biometrics, automotive, surveillance and smart objects (electronic objects that respond to their external environment).
Our operations underwent many changes during 2013 and 2014. The following restructuring and other activities have occurred:
- In 2013, we sold our Micro-Optics business based in Charlotte, North Carolina. Originally purchased in 2006, this business focused on diffractive
Optical elements, refractive optical elements, and integrated micro-Optic sub-assemblies. All
4