Table of Contents
Revenue recognition
We derive our revenue from royalty and license fees. Revenues are recognized when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery has occurred, the fee
is ﬁxed or determinable, and collectability of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. Determining whether and when these criteria have been satisfied
requires us to make assumptions and judgments which could have a signiﬁcant impact on the timing and amount of revenue we report. For example, we recognize
revenue on certain royalty agreements on a cash basis because management determines collectability is not reasonably assured. These determinations have a
material impact on our operating results.
Royalty revenue is generated from a licensee's production or shipment of licensed products incorporating our intellectual property, technologies or software.
Running royalties are primarily based on unit volumes shipped. Licensees generally report shipment information within 30 to 60 days following the end of the
quarter. From time to time we also enter into license or settlement agreements that provide for ﬁxed license fees, royalty payments or settlement payments. When
there is no reliable basis on which we can estimate our royalty revenues prior to obtaining these reports from the licensees, we recognize royalty revenues on a one-
quarter lag. Royalty revenue also includes payments resulting from periodic compliance audits of licensees, as part of a settlement of a patent infringement dispute,
or judgments of license dispute.
License revenue is generated from license agreements for certain rights to our intellectual property technologies. We also derive revenue from software licenses for
digital and video photography image enhancement technology. In some instances, we may enter into license agreements that involve multiple element
arrangements including technology transfer, design, technical service and unspeciﬁed support. For technology and software licenses, revenue is recognized upon
delivery or on a straight-line basis over the period in which the unspeciﬁed support or service is performed.
Valuation of goodwill and intangible assets
We make judgments about the recoverability of purchased ﬁnite-lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may
exist. If such facts and circumstances exist, we assess recoverability by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash ﬂows associated with the related asset or
group of assets over their remaining lives against their respective carrying amounts. Impairments, if any, are based on the excess of the carrying amount over the
fair value of those assets. If the useful life is shorter than originally estimated, we accelerate the rate of amortization and amortize the remaining carrying value
over the new shorter useful life. Such changes could result in impairment charges or higher amortization expense in future periods, which could have a signiﬁcant
impact on our operating results and ﬁnancial condition.
We perform an annual review of the valuation of goodwill in the fourth quarter, or more often if indicators of impairment exist. Triggering events for impairment
reviews may be indicators such as adverse industry or economic trends, restructuring actions, lower projections of proﬁtability, or a sustained decline in our market
capitalization. Evaluations of possible impairment and, if applicable, adjustments to carrying values require us to estimate, among other factors, future cash flows,
useful lives, and fair market values of our reporting units and assets. When we conduct our evaluation of goodwill, the fair value of goodwill is assessed using
valuation techniques that require signiﬁcant management estimates and judgment. Should conditions be different from management’s last assessment, significant
impairments of goodwill may be required, which would adversely affect our operating results.
In 2013, we recorded a $6.6 million impairment charge of goodwill due to the restructuring of our DigitalOptics business. We recorded no such impairment during
2014 and 2015. Refer to Note 9— “Goodwill and Identiﬁed Intangible Assets ” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details.
Stock-based compensation expense
Calculating stock-based compensation expense requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected life of the options, stock price volatility,
dividends and the pre-vesting option forfeiture rate. We estimate the expected life of options granted based on historical exercise patterns, which we believe are
representative of future behavior. We estimate the volatility of our common stock on the date of grant based on a market-based historical volatility. The
assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based awards represent our best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the
application of management judgment. As a result, if factors change and we use different assumptions, our stock-based compensation expense could be materially
different in the future. In addition, we are required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. We
estimate the forfeiture rate based on historical experience of our stock-based awards that are granted, exercised and cancelled. If our actual forfeiture rate is
materially different from our estimate, stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in
38