Table of Contents
From time to time we enter into license agreements that automatically convert to fully paid-up licenses upon expiration or upon reaching certain milestones. For
example, Tessera, Inc's license agreement with Texas Instruments, Inc. automatically converted to a fully paid-up license on December 31, 2013, assuming that
Texas Instruments complied with all terms and conditions of the license agreement up through its expiration. We may not receive further royalties from licensees
for any licensed technology under those agreements if they convert to fully paid-up licenses because such licensees will be entitled to continue using some, if not
all, of the relevant intellectual property or technology under the terms of the license agreements without further payment, even if relevant patents or technologies
are still in effect. If we cannot find another source of revenue to replace the revenues from these license agreements converting to fully paid-up licenses, our results
of operations following such conversion would be materially adversely affected.
A signiﬁcant amount of our royalty revenues comes from a few end markets and products, and our business could be harmed if demand for these market
segments or products declines.
A signiﬁcant portion of our royalty revenues comes from the manufacture and sale of packaged semiconductor chips for DRAM, application-specific standard
product semiconductors, application-specific integrated circuits and memory. In addition, we derive substantial revenues from the incorporation of our technology
into mobile devices, consumer products and computer hardware. If demand for semiconductors in any one or a combination of these market segments or products
declines, our royalty revenues will be reduced significantly and our business would be harmed.
The long-term success of our business is dependent on a royalty-based business model, which is inherently risky.
The long-term success of our business is dependent on future royalties paid to us by licensees. Royalty payments under our licenses may be based, among other
things, upon the number of electrical connections to the semiconductor chip in a package covered by our licensed technology, a percent of net sales, a rate per
package, a per unit sold basis or a fixed quarterly amount. We are dependent upon our ability to structure, negotiate and enforce agreements for the determination
and payment of royalties, as well as upon our licensees' compliance with their agreements. We face risks inherent in a royalty-based business model, many of
which are outside of our control, such as the following:
the rate of adoption and incorporation of our technology by semiconductor manufacturers, and assemblers, manufacturers of consumer and
* communication electronics, and the automotive and surveillance industry;
the willingness and ability of materials and equipment suppliers to produce materials and equipment that support our licensed technology, in a
* quantity sufficient to enable volume manufacturing;
* the ability of our licensees to purchase such materials and equipment on a cost-effective and timely basis;
the length of the design cycle and the ability of us and our customers to successfully integrate certain of our F otoNation technologies into their
* integrated circuits;
* the demand for products incorporating semiconductors that use our licensed technology;
* the cyclicality of supply and demand for products using our licensed technology;
* the impact of economic downturns; and
* the timing of receipt of royalty reports may not meet our revenue recognition criteria resulting in ﬂuctuation in our results of operations.
It is difﬁcult for us to verify royalty amounts owed to us under our licensing agreements, and this may cause us to lose revenues.
10