Table of Contents
The terms of our license agreements often require our licensees to document their use of our technology and report related data to us on a quarterly basis. Although
our license terms generally give us the right to audit books and records of our licensees to verify this information, audits can be expensive, time consuming, and
may not be cost justified based on our understanding of our licensees' businesses, especially given the international nature of our licensees. Our license compliance
program audits certain licensees to review the accuracy of the information contained in their royalty reports in an effort to decrease the likelihood that we will not
receive the royalty revenues to which we are entitled under the terms of our license agreements, but we cannot give assurances that such audits will be effective to
that end.
The markets for semiconductors and related products are highly concentrated, and we may have limited opportunities to license our technologies or sell
our products.
The semiconductor industry is highly concentrated in that a small number of semiconductor designers and manufacturers account for a substantial portion of the
purchases of semiconductor products generally, including our products and products incorporating our technologies. Continued consolidation in the semiconductor
industry may increase this concentration. Accordingly, we expect that licenses of our technologies and sales of our products will be concentrated with a limited
number of customers for the foreseeable future. As we acquire new technologies and integrate them into our product line, we will need to establish new
relationships to sell these products. Our ﬁnancial results signiﬁcantly depend on our success in establishing and maintaining relationships with, and effecting
substantial sales to, these customers. Even if we are successful in establishing and maintaining such relationships, our ﬁnancial results will be dependent in large
part on these customers' sales and business results.
We make signiﬁcant investments in new products and services that may not achieve technological feasibility or proﬁtability or that may limit our revenue
growth.
We have made and will continue to make significant investments in research, development, and marketing of new technologies, products and services, including
advanced semiconductor packaging. Investments in new technologies are speculative and technological feasibility may not be achieved. Commercial success
depends on many factors including demand for innovative technology, availability of materials and equipment, selling price the market is willing to bear,
competition and effective licensing or product sales. We may not achieve signiﬁcant revenues from new product and service investments for a number of years, if
at all. Moreover, new technologies, products and services may not be profitable, and even if they are profitable, operating margins for new products and businesses
may not be as high as the margins we have experienced historically or originally anticipated. For example, in January 2014 we announced that we were ceasing all
manufacturing efforts for our MEMS-based autofocus technologies. In conjunction with this decision, we undertook a workforce reduction of over 300 employees
and we have closed or transferred to third parties our facilities in Arcadia, California, Rochester, New York, Japan and Hsinchu, Taiwan. We incurred impairment
and other charges in the fourth quarter of 20 1 3 and the first half of 2014 related to restructuring, impairment and other charges.
We expect to continue to be involved in material legal proceedings in the future to enforce or protect our intellectual property and contract rights,
including material litigation with existing licensees or strategic partners, which could harm our business.
From time to time, our efforts to obtain a reasonable royalty through our sales efforts do not result in the prospective customer agreeing to license our patents or
our technology. In certain cases, we use litigation to defend our patent rights, to seek payment for past infringement, and to seek future royalties for the use of our
patents and technology. We also may litigate to enforce our other intellectual property rights, to enforce the terms of our license agreements, to protect our trade
secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, and to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Our current legal actions,
as described in Part I, Item 3 - Legal Proceedings , are examples of disputes and litigation that impact our business. If we are not able to reach agreement with
customers or potential customers we may be involved in similar legal proceedings in the future, including proceedings to ensure proper and full payment of
royalties by licensees under the terms of their license agreements.
These existing and any future legal actions may harm our business. For example, legal actions could cause an existing licensee or strategic partner to cease making
royalty or other payments to us, or to challenge the validity and enforceability of our patents or the scope of our license agreements, and could significantly damage
our relationship with such licensee or strategic partner and, as a result, prevent the adoption of our technologies and intellectual property by such licensee or
strategic partner. Litigation could also severely disrupt or shut down the business operations of our licensees or strategic partners, which in turn would significantly
harm our ongoing relations with them and cause us to lose royalty revenues. Moreover, the timing and results of any of our legal proceedings are not predictable
and may vary in any individual proceeding.
1 1