Table of Contents
useful in assessing trends of the respective business and may therefore be a useful tool in assessing period-to-period performance trends.
Importantly, a source of episodic revenue may become a source of recurring revenue, when, for example, a company settles litigation with us by paying a
settlement amount and entering into a license agreement or payment plan that calls for an initial license fee and ongoing royalty payment over several years. In that
scenario, the settlement amount would be episodic revenue, as would the initial license fee, and the ongoing payments would be recurring revenue.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
Not applicable.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Attached as exhibits to this Form 10-K are certiﬁcations of Tessera Technologies, Inc.’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, which are required in
accordance with Rule 13a—14 of the Exchange Act. This “Controls and Procedures” section includes information concerning the controls and controls evaluation
referred to in the certiﬁcations and it should be read in conjunction with the certifications, for a more complete understanding of the topics presented.
Evaluation of Controls and Procedures
Tessera Technologies, Inc. maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports ﬁled
pursuant to the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods speciﬁed in the SEC’s rules and forms and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, as appr0priate, to allow for
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is
required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-beneﬁt relationship of possible controls and procedures.
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial ofﬁcer, we conducted an
evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as deﬁned in Rules 13a—15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report (the evaluation date). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive ofﬁcer and principal
ﬁnancial officer concluded as of the evaluation date that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information
relating to Tessera Technologies, Inc., including our consolidated subsidiaries, required to be disclosed in our SEC reports (i) is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to Tessera Technologies Inc.’s management,
including our principal executive ofﬁcer and principal financial ofﬁcer, as appr0priate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There has been no change in Tessera Technologies, Inc.’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, as deﬁned in Exchange Act Rules 13a—15(f) and 15d-15(f),
during Tessera Technologies, Inc’s most recent quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Tessera Technologies, Inc. ’s
internal control over ﬁnancial reporting.
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for Tessera Technologies, Inc. Our internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of ﬁnancial
statements for external purposes in accordance with US. generally accepted accounting principles. Tessera Technologies, Inc. ’s internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of Tessera Technologies, Inc.; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
ﬁnancial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of Tessera Technologies, Inc. are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of Tessera Technologies, Inc; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of Tessera Technologies, Inc.’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
43