Table of Contents
The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principal and maintain liquidity while at the same time capturing a market rate of return. To
achieve these objectives, we maintain our portfolio of cash, cash equivalents and investments in a variety of securities, which are subject to risks including:
Interest Rate Risk
The risk associated with ﬂuctuating interest rates is generally limited to our investment portfolio. We invest in marketable securities, consisting primarily of
municipal bonds and notes, corporate bonds and notes, commercial paper, treasury and agency notes and bills, which had a fair value of $359.9 million at
December 31, 2015. Our exposure to interest rate risks is limited due to the short average maturity of our holdings, which is approximately 1.2 years as of
December 31, 2015. A hypothetical 1% (100 basis-point) increase in period-end interest rates along the yield curve would have resulted in a $4.3 million decrease
in the fair value of our investment positions at December 31, 2015. Conversely, a 1% (100 basis-point) decrease in interest rates to zero would have resulted in a
$1.4 million increase in the fair value of our investment portfolio. These estimates reﬂect only the direct impact of a change in interest rates and actual results may
differ from these estimates.
Investment Risk
We are exposed to market risk as it relates to changes in the market value of our investments in addition to the liquidity and credit worthiness of the underlying
issuers of our investments. Our investments are subject to ﬂuctuations in fair value due to the volatility of the credit markets and prevailing interest rates for such
securities. Our marketable securities, consisting primarily of municipal bonds and notes, corporate bonds and notes, commercial paper, treasury and agency notes
and bills, certificates of deposit and money market funds, are classified as available-for—sale or trading securities with fair values of $359.9 million and $414.9
million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Unrealized losses, net of tax, on these investments at December 31, 2015 were approximately $0.9
million, as compared to unrealized losses of approximately $0.3 million at December 31, 2014. We do not hold any derivative, derivative commodity instruments
or other similar financial instruments in our portfolio.
Bank Liquidity Risk
As of December 31, 2015, we have approximately $21.9 million of cash in operating accounts that are held with domestic and international financial institutions. A
majority of these balances are held with domestic ﬁnancial institutions. These cash balances could be lost or become inaccessible if the underlying financial
institutions fail or if they are unable to meet the liquidity requirements of their depositors and they are not supported by the federal government. Notwithstanding,
we have not incurred any losses and have had full access to our operating accounts to date. We believe any failures of domestic and international financial
institutions could impact our ability to fund our operations in the short term.
Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk
Our international sales and substantially all of our operating expenses are typically made in US. dollars and are generally not subjected to foreign currency
exchange rate risk. Consequently, our results of operations are not subject to signiﬁcant foreign exchange rate ﬂuctuations. We do not currently hedge against
foreign currency rate ﬂuctuations.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders’ equity, comprehensive
income (loss) and cash ﬂows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2015 are set forth in this Annual Report at Item 15(a)(1).
SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)
The following table presents our unaudited quarterly results of operations for the eight quarters in the periods ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.
The following table should be read in conjunction with the consolidated ﬁnancial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. We have
prepared the unaudited information on the same basis as our audited consolidated financial statements. This table includes all adjustments, consisting only of
normal recurring adjustments, that we consider necessary for fair statement of our ﬁnancial position and operating results for the quarters presented. Operating
results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future quarters or for a full year. We employ a calendar month-end reporting period for our
quarterly reporting.
40