Table of Contents
the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. Certain of these provisions eliminate cumulative voting in the
election of directors, authorize the board to issue “blank check” preferred stock, prohibit stockholder action by written consent, eliminate the right of stockholders
to call special meetings, and establish advance notice procedures for director nominations by stockholders and the submission of other proposals for consideration
at stockholder meetings. We are also subject to provisions of Delaware law which could delay or make more difﬁcult a merger, tender offer or proxy contest
involving our company. In particular, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business
combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years unless specific conditions are met. Any of these provisions could have the effect of
delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control, including without limitation, discouraging a proxy contest or making more difficult the acquisition of a
substantial block of our common stock.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
Not applicable.
Item 2. Properties
Our principal corporate administrative, sales, marketing and research and development facilities are located in San Jose, California, and are held under an operating
lease. We have research and development and marketing support facilities in Ireland and Romania that are held under operating leases. We believe our existing
facilities are suitable and adequate for our current needs.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Other than to the extent the proceedings described below have concluded, we cannot predict the outcome of any of the proceedings described below. An adverse
decision in any of these proceedings could significantly harm our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash ﬂows.
Tessera, Inc. v. UTAC (Taiwan) Corporation, Civil Action No. 5:10-04435-EJD (N.D. Cal.)
On September 30, 2010, Tessera, Inc. filed a complaint against UTAC (Taiwan) Corporation (“UTAC Taiwan”) in the US. District Court for the Northern District
of California. Tessera, Inc’s complaint alleges causes of action for breach of contract, declaratory relief, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair
dealing. The complaint seeks, among other things, a judicial determination and declaration that UTAC Taiwan remains contractually obligated to pay royalties to
Tessera, Inc., an accounting and restitution in an amount to be determined at trial, and an award of damages in an amount to be determined at trial, plus interest on
damages, costs, disbursements, attorneys’ fees, and such other and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper. On April 19, 2012, Tessera, Inc. filed an
amended complaint against UTAC Taiwan seeking the same relief as the original complaint. On May 22, 2012 UTAC Taiwan filed its answer and counterclaim to
Tessera, Inc’s amended complaint. Tessera, Inc. filed its reply to UTAC’s counterclaim, asserting affirmative defenses, on June 21, 2012.
In July 2013, both Tessera, Inc. and UTAC Taiwan filed cross motions for partial summary judgment concerning an issue of contract interpretation. On April 1,
2014 the Court issued an order granting UTAC Taiwan’s motion and denying Tessera, Inc.’s motion, and the case has proceeded under the contract interpretation
ordered by the Court. On December 1, 2014, UTAC Taiwan filed another motion for partial summary judgment on a contract interpretation issue, concerning the
geographic scope of UTAC Taiwan's royalty obligation under the parties' license agreement. The Court denied UTAC Taiwan’s motion.
The Court issued its claim construction ruling on November 30, 2015. F act discovery closed on May 8, 2015 and expert discovery closed on July 17, 2015.
On January 7, 2016 UTAC Taiwan filed another motion for summary judgment, addressing a variety of issues including alleged non-infringement, invalidity,
patent misuse, and contract matters. Tessera, Inc. filed a cross-motion for summary judgment on January 21, 2016. The summary judgment hearing will take place
on February 25, 2016.
Under the current schedule, trial is scheduled to begin on April 5, 2016. The Court has indicated that the trial may be postponed until later in 2016 due to a
scheduling conﬂict. The trial schedule will be addressed at the February 25, 2016 hearing.
Tessera, Inc. v. Toshiba Corporation, Civil Action No. 5:15-cv—02543-BLF (N.D. Cal.)
On May 12, 2015, Tessera, Inc. filed a complaint against Toshiba Corporation (“Toshiba”) in California Superior Court, in Santa Clara County. Tessera, Inc. ’5
complaint alleges causes of action for breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of
22