Table of Contents
- less effective protection of intellectual property than is afforded in the US. or other developed countries.
Available Information
Our Internet address is www.tessera.com where we make available, free of charge, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current
reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the
SEC. Our SEC reports can be accessed through the investor relations section of our website. The information found on our website is not incorporated into this or
any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock.
Our revenues are concentrated in a limited number of customers and if we lose any of these customers, or these customers do not pay us, our revenues
could decrease substantially.
We earn a significant amount of our revenues from a limited number of customers. For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, there were four, three
and three customers, respectively, that each accounted for 10% or more of total revenues. We expect that a significant portion of our revenues will continue to
come from a limited number of customers for the foreseeable future. If we lose any of these customers, or these customers do not pay us, our revenues could
decrease substantially. In addition, a signiﬁcant portion of our recurring revenue is the result of structured payment terms in connection with the settlement of
litigation matters, including our settlements with Amkor Technology, Inc. and Powertech Technology Inc. If we are unable to replace the revenue from an expiring
license or at the end of structured payment terms of a settlement agreement with similar revenue from other customers, our royalty revenue could be adversely
impacted as compared to periods prior to such expiration or the end of such payment terms.
From time to time we enter into license agreements that have ﬁxed expiration dates and if, upon expiration or termination, we are unable to renew or
relicense such license agreements on terms favorable to us, our results of operations could be harmed.
From time to time we enter into license agreements that have fixed expiration dates. Upon expiration of such agreements we need to renew or replace these
agreements in order to maintain our revenue base. If we are unable to replace the revenue from an expiring license with similar revenue from other customers, our
royalty revenue could be adversely impacted as compared to periods prior to such expiration.
Furthermore, we may not be able to continue licensing customers on terms favorable to us, under the existing terms or at all, which would harm our results of
operations. While we have expanded our licensable technology portfolio through internal development and technologies and patents purchased from third parties,
there is no guarantee that these measures will lead to continued royalties. If we fail to continue to do business with our current licensees, our business would be
materially adversely affected.
The success of our licensing business is dependent on the quality of our patent portfolios and our ability to create and implement new technologies or
expand our licensable technology portfolio through acquisitions.
We derive a significant portion of our revenues from licenses and royalties including structured settlement payments. The success of our licensing business
depends on our ability to continue to develop and acquire high quality patent portfolios. We devote significant resources to developing new technologies and to
sourcing and acquiring patent portfolios to address the evolving needs of the semiconductor and the consumer and communication electronics industries and we
must continue to do so in the future to remain competitive. Developments in our technologies are inherently complex, and require long development cycles and a
substantial investment before we can determine their commercial viability. Moreover, competition for acquiring high quality patent portfolios is intense and there
is no assurance that we can continue to acquire such patent portfolios on favorable terms. We may not be able to develop and market new or improved technologies
in a timely or commercially acceptable fashion. Furthermore, our acquired and developed patents will expire in the future. Our current US. issued patents expire at
various times through 2034. We need to develop or acquire successful innovations and obtain revenue-generating patents on those innovations before our current
patents expire, and our failure to do so would significantly harm our business, financial position, results of operations and cash ﬂows.
8