Table of Contents
Our success also depends on our ability to attract, train and retain highly skilled managerial, engineering, sales, marketing, legal and finance personnel and on the
abilities of new personnel to function effectively, both individually and as a group. Competition for qualiﬁed senior employees can be intense. We have also
experienced difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled engineers with appropriate qualifications to support our growth and expansion. Further, we must train
our new personnel, especially our technical support personnel, to respond to and support our licensees and customers. If we fail to do this, it could lead to
dissatisfaction among our licensees or customers, which could slow our growth or result in a loss of business.
Our business operations could suffer in the event of information technology system failures or security breaches.
Despite system redundancy and the implementation of security measures within our internal and external information technology and networking systems, our
information technology systems may be subject to security breaches, damages from computer viruses, natural disasters, terrorism, and telecommunication failures.
Any system failure or security breach could cause interruptions in our operations in addition to the possibility of losing proprietary information and trade secrets.
To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in inappropriate disclosure of our confidential information, we may incur liability or additional costs to
remedy the damages caused by these disruptions or security breaches.
Decreased effectiveness of share-based compensation could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain employees.
We have historically used stock options and other forms of stock-based compensation as key components of employee compensation in order to align employees'
interests with the interests of our stockholders, encourage employee retention and provide competitive compensation and beneﬁt packages. We incur signiﬁcant
compensation costs associated with our stock-based compensation programs. Difﬁculties relating to obtaining stockholder approval of equity compensation plans
or changes to the plans could make it harder or more expensive for us to grant stock-based compensation to employees in the future. As a result, we may find it
difﬁcult to attract, retain and motivate employees, and any such difficulty could have a materially adverse impact on our business.
Failure to comply with environmental regulations could harm our business.
We use hazardous substances in the manufacturing and testing of prototype products and in the development of technologies in our research and development
laboratories. We are subject to a variety of local, state and federal regulations relating to the storage, discharge, handling, emission, generation, manufacture and
disposal of toxic or other hazardous substances. Our past, present or future failure to comply with environmental regulations could result in the imposition of
substantial fines, suspension of production, and alteration of our manufacturing processes or cessation of operations. Compliance with such regulations could
require us to acquire expensive remediation equipment or to incur other substantial expenses. Any failure to control the use, disposal, removal or storage of, or to
adequately restrict the discharge of, or assist in the cleanup of, hazardous or toxic substances, could subject us to significant liabilities, including joint and several
liabilities under certain statutes. The imposition of such liabilities could signiﬁcantly harm our business, ﬁnancial position, results of operations and cash ﬂows.
Our effective tax rate depends on our ability to secure the tax beneﬁts of our international corporate structure, on the application of the tax laws of
various jurisdictions and on how we operate our business.
Our international corporate structure and intercompany arrangements, including the manner in which we market, develop, use and license our intellectual property,
fund our operations and structure transactions with our international subsidiaries, may result in the reduction of our worldwide effective tax rate. Such international
corporate structure and intercompany arrangements are subject to examination by the tax authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including the United
States. The application of the tax laws of these jurisdictions to our international business activities is subject to interpretation and depends on our ability to operate
our business in a manner consistent with our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements. Moreover, such tax laws are subject to change. Tax authorities
may disagree with our intercompany transfer pricing arrangements, including our transfer of intangibles, or determine that the manner in which we operate our
business does not achieve the intended tax consequences. Additionally, future changes in the tax laws (such as proposed legislation to reform U.S. taxation of
international business activities) may have an adverse effect on our international corporate structure and operations. The result of an adverse determination of any
of the above items could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our ﬁnancial position and results of operations.
We have business operations located in places that are subject to natural disasters.
Our business operations depend on our ability to maintain and protect our facilities, computer systems and personnel. Our corporate headquarters are located in the
San Francisco Bay Area, which in the past has experienced severe earthquakes. We do
1 9