Table of Contents
Tessera Technologies, Inc’s management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2015, utilizing the criteria
set forth in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on the
assessment by Tessera Technologies, Inc’s management, we determined that Tessera Technologies, Inc’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as
of December 31, 2015. The effectiveness of Tessera Technologies, Inc’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015 has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Tessera Technologies, Inc’s independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report which appears on
page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 9B. Other Information
Not applicable.
Item 10. Directors, Executive Ofﬁcers and Corporate Governance
The information required by this Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from the information under the captions “Executive Officers,” “Election of Directors”
and “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” that will be contained in the Proxy Statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the
“Proxy Statement”).
We have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal ﬁnancial ofﬁcer, principal accounting
officer or controller, or persons serving similar functions. The text of our code of business conduct and ethics has been posted on our website at
http://www.tessera.com.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions “Election of Directors,” “Compensation Discussion
and Analysis,” “Compensation of Executive Officers” and “Compensation Committee Report” that will be contained in the Proxy Statement.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneﬁcial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions “Equity Compensation Plan Information” and
“Security Ownership of Certain Beneﬁcial Owners and Management” that will be contained in the Proxy Statement.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions”
and “Election of Directors” that will be contained in the Proxy Statement.
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services
The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption “Ratification of Auditors” that will be contained in
the Proxy Statement.
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
(a) Documents filed as part of this report:
44