Table of Contents
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to the safe harbor provisions created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. Words such as “expects, ” “anticipates, ” “plans, ” “believes, ” “seeks, ” “estimates, ” “could, ” “would, ” “may, ” “intends, ” “targets” and similar
expressions or variations of such words are intended to identzﬁzfomvard-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report. The identiﬁcation of certain statements as ‘forward—looking” is not intended to mean that other statements not speciﬁcally
identified are not forward-looking. All statements other than statements about historical facts are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements,
including, but not limited to, statements that relate to our future revenues, product development, demand, acceptance and market share, growth rate,
competitiveness, gross margins, levels of research, development and other related costs, expenditures, the outcome or effects of and expenses related to litigation
and administrative proceedings related to our patents, our intent to enforce our intellectual property, our ability to license our intellectual property, tax expenses,
cash flows, our ability to liquidate and recover the carrying value of our investments, our management’s plans and objectives for our current and future
operations, our plans for quarterly dividends and stock repurchases, the levels of customer spending or research and development activities, general economic
conditions, and the suﬁiciency of financial resources to support future operations and capital expenditures.
Although forward-looking statements in this Annual Report reﬂect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and
factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes in condition, significance,
value and eﬂect, including those discussed below under the heading “Risk Factors ” within Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report and other documents we file from
time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC ”), such as our annual reports on Form 1 0-K, our quarterly reports on Form 1 O-Q and our
current reports on Form 8-K. Such risks, uncertainties and changes in condition, significance, value and effect could cause our actual results to differ materially
from those expressed herein and in ways not readily foreseeable. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date of this Annual Report and are based on information currently and reasonably known to us. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any
forward-looking statements in order to reﬂect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report. Readers are urged to carefully review
and consider the various disclosures made in this Annual Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Item 1. Business
Corporate Information
Our principal executive offices are located at 3025 Orchard Parkway, San Jose, California 95134. Our telephone number is (408) 321-6000. We maintain a website
at www.tessera.com. The reference to our website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on this website.
Tessera, the Tessera logo, F otoNation, the FotoNation logo, Ziptronix, the Ziptronix logo, DigitalAperture, F aceTools, FacePower, FotoSavvy, IrisCam,
LifeFocus, Invensas, the Invensas logo, XFD, FD, DFD, TF D, QF D, BVA, ZiBond and DBI are trademarks or registered trademarks of the Company or its
affiliated companies in the US. and other countries. All other company, brand and product names may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective
companies.
In this Annual Report, the “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Tessera Technologies, Inc., which operates its business through its subsidiaries. Unless
specified otherwise, the financial results in this Annual Report are those of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.
Overview
Tessera Technologies, Inc., including its Invensas, F otoNation and Ziptronix subsidiaries, licenses its technologies and intellectual property to customers for use in
areas such as mobile computing and communications, memory and data storage, and 3-D Integrated Circuit (“3D-IC”) technologies, among others. Our
technologies include semiconductor packaging and interconnect solutions, including xFD ® , BVA ® , ZiBond ® , and DBI ® , and products and solutions for
mobile and computational imaging, including our FaceTools ® , FacePower ® , F otoSavvy ® , DigitalAperture TM , IrisCam TM , LifeFocus TM , face beautiﬁcation,
red-eye removal, High Dynamic Range, autofocus, panorama, and image stabilization intellectual property.
3