Table of Contents
From time to time we identify products that we believe infringe our patents. We seek to license the companies that design, make, use, import, or sell those products
but sometimes those companies are unwilling to enter into a license agreement. In those circumstances, we may elect to enforce our patent rights against those
products. Litigation stemming from these or other disputes could harm our relationships with other licensees or our ability to gain new customers, who may
postpone licensing decisions pending the outcome of the litigation or dispute, or who may, as a result of such litigation, choose not to adopt our technologies. In
addition, these legal proceedings could be very expensive and may significantly reduce our profits.
The costs associated with legal proceedings are typically high, relatively unpredictable and not completely within our control. These costs may be materially higher
than expected, which could adversely affect our operating results and lead to volatility in the price of our common stock. Whether or not determined in our favor or
ultimately settled, litigation diverts our managerial, technical, legal and financial resources from our business operations. Furthermore, an adverse decision in any
of these legal actions could result in a loss of our proprietary rights, subject us to signiﬁcant liabilities, require us to seek licenses from others, limit the value of our
licensed technology or otherwise negatively impact our stock price or our business and consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash ﬂows.
Even if we prevail in our legal actions, significant contingencies may exist to their settlement and ﬁnal resolution, including the scope of the liability of each party,
our ability to enforce judgments against the parties, the ability and willingness of the parties to make any payments owed or agreed upon, and the dismissal of the
legal action by the relevant court, none of which are completely within our control. Parties that may be obligated to pay us royalties or damages could become
insolvent or decide to alter their business activities or corporate structure, which could affect our ability to collect royalties or damages from, or enforce a judgment
against, such parties.
Competing technologies may harm our business.
We expect that our technologies will continue to compete with technologies of internal design groups at semiconductor manufacturers, assemblers, electronic
component and system manufacturers. The internal design groups of these companies create their own packaging and imaging solutions. If these internal design
groups design around our patents or introduce unique solutions superior to our technology, they may not need to license our technology. These groups may design
technology that is less expensive to implement or that enables products with higher performance or additional features. Many of these groups have substantially
greater resources, greater financial strength and lower cost structures which may allow them to undercut our price. They also have the inherent advantage of access
to internal corporate strategies, technology roadmaps and technical information. As a result, they may be able to bring alternative solutions to market more easily
and quickly.
For our embedded image processing technologies such as F ace Detection and our other FaceTools products, our offerings compete with other image processing
software vendors such as ArcSoft, Inc. as well as internal design groups of our customers providing similar technologies by employing different approaches.
In the future, our licensed technologies may also compete with other technologies that emerge. These technologies may be less expensive and provide higher or
additional performance. Companies with these competing technologies may also have greater resources. Technological change could render our technologies
obsolete, and new, competitive technologies could emerge that achieve broad adoption and adversely affect the use of our technologies and intellectual property.
If we do not successfully further develop and commercialize the technologies we acquire, or cultivate strategic relationships that expand our licensable
portfolio, our competitive position could be harmed and our operating results adversely affected.
We also attempt to expand our licensable technology portfolio and technical expertise by further developing and acquiring new technologies or developing
strategic relationships with others. These strategic relationships may include the right for us to sublicense technology and intellectual property to others. However,
we may not be able to acquire or obtain rights to licensable technology and intellectual property in a timely manner or upon commercially reasonable terms. Even
if we do acquire such rights, some of the technologies we invest in may be commercially unproven and may not be adopted or accepted by the industry. Moreover,
our research and development efforts, and acquisitions and strategic relationships, may be futile if we do not accurately predict the future needs of the
semiconductor, consumer and communication electronics, and consumer imaging industries. Our failure to acquire new technologies that are commercially viable
in the semiconductor, consumer and communication electronics, and consumer imaging industries could significantly harm our business, financial position, results
of operations and cash ﬂows.
The way we integrate internally deveIOped and acquired technologies into our products and licensing programs may not be accepted by customers.
12