Table of Contents
the current period. See Note 12— “Stock-Based Compensation Expense ” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional detail.
Valuation of investments
Our investments consist primarily of municipal bonds and notes, corporate bonds and notes, commercial paper, treasury and agency notes and bills, certiﬁcates of
deposit and money market funds. We invest excess cash predominantly in high-quality investment grade marketable securities with less than three years to
maturity. Our marketable securities are classiﬁed as available-for—sale and are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, recorded in
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Realized gains and losses, unrealized losses and declines in value determined to be other-than-temporary, if any,
on available-for—sale securities are generally reported in other income and expense, net. The fair values for our securities are determined based on quoted market
prices as of the valuation date, observable prices for similar assets and, in the event that observable prices for similar assets are not available, externally provided
pricing models, discounted cash ﬂow methodologies or other similar techniques. The determination of fair value when quoted market prices are not available
requires significant judgment and estimation. In addition, we evaluate the investments periodically for possible other-than-temporary impairment and review
factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer, our intent to hold and whether we
will not be required to sell the security before its anticipated recovery, on a more-likely-than-not basis. If any of these conditions and estimates change in the
future, or, if different estimates are used, the fair value of the investments may change significantly and may result in other-than-temporary decline in value which
could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
Accounting for income taxes
We must make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for ﬁnancial statement purposes. These estimates and judgments occur in the
calculation of tax credits, tax benefits and deductions, and in the calculation of tax assets and liabilities. Signiﬁcant changes to these estimates may result in an
increase or decrease to our tax provision in a subsequent period.
We must assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets. If recovery is not likely on a more-likely—than-not basis, we must increase our
provision for income taxes by recording a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. Should there be a change in our ability to recover our deferred tax
assets, our provision for income taxes would ﬂuctuate in the period of the change.
In addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. We recognize liabilities for
anticipated tax audit issues in the US. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional tax payments are probable.
If we ultimately determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary, we reverse the liability and recognize a tax benefit during the period in which we
determine that the liability is no longer necessary. This may occur for a variety of reasons, such as the expiration of the statute of limitations on a particular tax
return or the completion of an examination by the relevant tax authority. We record an additional charge in our provision for taxes in the period in which we
determine that the recorded tax liability is less than the expected ultimate assessment.
We account for uncertain tax positions in accordance with authoritative guidance related to income taxes. The application of income tax law is inherently complex.
Laws and regulations in this area are voluminous, frequently changing and are often ambiguous. As such, we are required to make many subjective assumptions
and judgments regarding our income tax exposures. Interpretations of and guidance surrounding income tax laws and regulations are subject to change over time.
As such, changes in our assumptions and judgments can materially affect amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets and statements of operations.
Our policy is to classify accrued interest and penalties related to the accrued liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. For the years
ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we did not recognize any significant penalties or interest related to unrecognized tax beneﬁts. See Note 13— “Income
Taxes ” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional detail.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 3 — “Recent Accounting Pronouncemenz‘s ” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements
including the respective expected dates of adoption.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
39