Table of Contents
TESSERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 1 — THE COMPANY AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION
Tessera Technologies, Inc., including its Invensas, F otoNation and Ziptronix subsidiaries (the "Company"), licenses its technologies and intellectual property to
customers for use in areas such as mobile computing and communications, memory and data storage, and 3-D Integrated Circuit (“3D-IC”) technologies, among
others. Our technologies include semiconductor packaging and interconnect solutions, including xF D ® , BVA ® , ZiBond ® , and DBI ® , and products and
solutions for mobile and computational imaging, including our F aceTools ® , FacePower ® , FotoSavvy ® , DigitalAperture TM, IrisCam TM , LifeFocus TM , face
beautification, red-eye removal, High Dynamic Range, autofocus, panorama, and image stabilization intellectual property.
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Tessera Technologies, Inc. and each of its wholly owned subsidiaries. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) in the United States (“US”). All
significant intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in consolidation.
The Company’s ﬁscal year ends on December 31. The Company employs a calendar month-end reporting period for its quarterly reporting.
Reclassification
Certain reclassifications have been made to prior period balances in order to conform to the current period’s presentation. The most significant of these
reclassiﬁcations are as follows:
- Amortization expense is now shown separately on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
0 Certain balance sheet items from 2014 have been grouped together to conform with current periods presented.
NOTE 2 — SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Use of estimates
The preparation of ﬁnancial statements in conformity with US. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in
the ﬁnancial statements and accompanying notes. The accounting estimates and assumptions that require management’s most significant, difficult, and subjective
judgment include the recognition and measurement of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities, the fair value measurements of investments, the
assessment of the recoverability of goodwill, the assessment of useful lives and recoverability of long-lived assets, the assessment of unrecognized tax beneﬁts and
the valuation and recognition of stock-based compensation expense, among others. Actual results experienced by the Company may differ from management’s
estimates.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original or remaining maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash
equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are maintained with various financial institutions.
Financial Instruments
Investments consist primarily of municipal bonds and notes, corporate bonds and notes, treasury and agency notes and bills, commercial paper, certificates of
deposit, and money market funds. Investments with remaining maturities from original purchase date of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents.
Investments with remaining maturities from original purchase date greater than three months are generally classiﬁed as available-for—sale, if required, in current
operations, and are classiﬁed as short-term investments. Investments determined to lack an active market for a period greater than 12 months are classiﬁed as
available-for—sale and classiﬁed as long-term investments. The Company’s cash equivalents and short-term investments are classiﬁed as available-for—sale.
Unrealized gains and losses on securities, net of tax, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and reported as a separate component of
stockholders’ equity. The Company evaluates the investments periodically for possible other-than-temporary impairment and reviews factors such as the length of
time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the ﬁnancial condition of the issuer, the Company’s ability and intent to hold the security until
maturity on a more-likely-than-not basis. If the declines in the fair value of the investments are determined to be other-than-temporary, the Company reports the
credit loss portion of such decline in other income and expense, net, and the remaining noncredit loss portion in accumulated other comprehensive income. The
cost of securities sold
F- 7