Table of Contents
not carry earthquake insurance. Earthquakes or other natural disasters could severely disrupt our operations, and have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
We have made and may continue to make or to pursue acquisitions which could divert management's attention, cause ownership dilution to our
stockholders, or be difﬁcult to integrate, which may adversely affect our ﬁnancial results.
We have made several acquisitions, and it is our current plan to continue to acquire companies, assets, patent portfolios and technologies that we believe are
strategic to our future business. For example, in the third quarter of 2015, we acquired Ziptronix, Inc. for approximately $39 million. Investigating businesses,
assets, patent portfolios or technologies and integrating newly acquired businesses, assets, patent portfolios or technologies could put a strain on our resources,
could be costly and time consuming, and might not be successful. Such activities divert our management's attention from other business concerns. In addition, we
might lose key employees while integrating new organizations or operations. Acquisitions could also result in customer dissatisfaction, performance problems with
an acquired company or technology, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, the assumption or incurrence of contingent
liabilities, impairment charges related to goodwill and possible impairment charges related to other intangible assets or other unanticipated events or
circumstances, any of which could harm our business.
Our plans to integrate and expand upon research and development programs and technologies obtained through acquisitions may result in products or technologies
that are not adopted by the market. The market may adopt competitive solutions to our products or technologies. Consequently, we might not be successful in
integrating any acquired businesses, assets, products or technologies, and might not achieve anticipated revenues and cost benefits.
There are numerous risks associated with our acquisitions of businesses, technologies and patents.
We have made a number of acquisitions of businesses, technologies and patents in recent years. These acquisitions are subject to a number of risks, including but
not limited to the following:
These acquisitions could fail to produce anticipated benefits, or could have other adverse effects that we currently do not foresee. As a result, these
acquisitions could result in a reduction of net income per share as compared to the net income per share we would have achieved if these acquisitions
had not occurred. We may also be required to recognize impairment charges of acquired assets or goodwill, and if we decide to restructure acquired
* businesses, we may incur other restructuring charges. For example, in June 2012, we acquired a manufacturing operation in Zhuhai, China and,
subsequently, this facility was closed in 2013. In January 2014, we announced a restructuring of our DigitalOptics business to cease its remaining
manufacturing operations, in connection with which we incurred approximately $49.0 million in restructuring and impairment charges in the fourth
quarter of 20 1 3.
The purchase price for each acquisition is determined based on significant judgment on factors such as projected value, quality and availability of the
* business, technology or patent. In addition, if other companies have similar interests in the same business, technology or patent, our ability to
negotiate these acquisitions at favorable terms may be limited and the purchase price may be artificially inﬂated.
Following completion of these acquisitions, we may uncover additional liabilities, patent validity, infringement or enforcement issues or unforeseen
* expenses not discovered during our diligence process. Any such additional liabilities, patent validity, infringement or enforcement issues or expenses
could result in significant unanticipated costs not originally estimated, such as impairment charges of acquired assets and goodwill, and may harm
our financial results.
The integration of technologies, patent portfolios and personnel, if any, will be a time consuming and expensive process that may disrupt our
* operations if it is not completed in a timely and efficient manner. If our integration efforts are not successful, our results of operations could be
harmed, employee morale could decline, key employees could leave, and customer relations could be damaged. In addition, we may not achieve
anticipated synergies or other benefits from any of these acquisitions.
* We have incurred substantial direct transaction and integration costs as a result of past acquisitions. In future acquisitions, the total direct transaction
costs and the costs of integration may exceed our expectations.
20