Table of Contents
Strategy
Our strategy consists primarily of two initiatives:
- licensing our semiconductor packaging, circuitry, and interconnect technologies from Invensas and our Tessera, Inc. subsidiary to semiconductor
companies and OSATS.
- licensing our F otoNation image processing products to OEMs and platform providers.
For our semiconductor business, we invest in the development of new advanced packaging and interconnect technologies to enable the next generation of mobile,
consumer and computing products. Leveraging our extensive design, simulation and prototyping capability, we partner with leaders throughout the semiconductor
ecosystem to develop, demonstrate, optimize and commercialize our technologies. As a component of our commercialization effort, we transfer our technologies to
customer-selected manufacturing sites and OSATS.
In addition, we have developed signiﬁcant capabilities in the technical analysis of intellectual property and its embodiment in commercial products. We generally
encourage customers to broaden their adoption of (and license to) our array of innovative technologies in conjunction with licensing patented technologies from us.
To increase the likelihood that our technologies are adopted, we lead with technology and then seek to negotiate reasonable royalties for our patented inventions.
Successful negotiation of these royalties is generally dependent on
- Explaining the benefits of new technology, including any size, power and performance benefits;
- Explaining the value proposition over existing or alternative technologies;
- Explaining the manufacturability of the technologies;
0 Countering bias against externally developed solutions; and
0 Providing technical and market data supporting the royalties we are seeking.
Although we are engaged with and have licensed our technologies to many semiconductor companies, some of the companies that use our patented technologies
have nonetheless chosen not to enter into license agreements with us. Consequently, we have necessarily developed signiﬁcant abilities to plan, to execute, and to
sustain litigation activities. We view litigation as a tool to be used only when necessary and only when other business approaches have failed. Although we have
settled a substantial majority of our outstanding litigation over the past several years, if we are unable to secure license agreements on favorable terms through
negotiations, we might have to file new litigation to enforce our rights. See Part 1, Item 3- Legal Proceedings. We believe that holding a significant cash and cash
equivalents position is essential to maintaining the credibility of our litigation capabilities.
In our F otoNation image processing business, we have ongoing investment in world-class R&D supported by strong relationships with key OEMs and platform
providers in consumer electronics. We have an assortment of powerful products and technologies, which we demonstrate to prospective customers to develop their
interest in licensing those offerings from us. By combining proprietary hardware design with software development, we aim to offer advantages in both processing
speed and low power, providing distinctive features to battery-powered devices, such as smartphones. We license our hardware designs to customers who, in turn,
typically embed the hardware as modules within a larger chip. Our software typically runs on a microprocessor with capabilities that are augmented by our
hardware within a customer’s system.
Image processing integrates several advanced engineering and scientific disciplines, and the resulting products are of interest in a broad variety of application
domains, ranging from cellphones to automotive, biometrics, photography, drones, robotics, and others. As such, we continue our ongoing development of strong
technical and business relationships with both current and prospective customers across these diverse industries. Those customer relationships provide not only a
source of ongoing and growing revenue but also insights into industry trends that help us build desirable products. We are aggressive in continuing to invent new
technologies for image processing and object recognition, while staying apprised of potentially relevant technical advances from elsewhere.
Competition
We compete with internal design groups at semiconductor manufacturers, assemblers, and electronic component and system manufacturers, who may create their
own packaging solutions that compete with our technologies that we license. We also face a form of competition known as royalty stacking. Royalty stacking
refers to situations in which a single product potentially infringes on many patents, and thus may bear multiple royalty burdens. Our customers’ willingness and
ability to pay reasonable royalties is, in part, affected by the number of patents infringed by a particular customer product, the concentration of the holders of those
patents, the customer’s cost of licensing those patents, and the profitability of the infringing product. We
6