Table of Contents
assets of this business were sold during the 2013 sale except for the related land and building and certain fabrication assets. We retained those assets and leased
them to the buyer until they were sold in August of 20 14.
- In 2013, we closed our leased manufacturing facility in Zhuhai, China (the "Zhuhai Facility") and consolidated our manufacturing capabilities into
Taiwan. By closing the Zhuhai Facility, our strategy was to no longer supply the whole camera module. Our primary focus was developing the memslcam actuator,
the imaging software and user applications, and manufacturing and supplying only the lens barrel. As a result of this closure, certain assets in the Zhuhai Facility
were considered impaired or written off entirely. The assets of this facility were either sold or transferred to our memslcam manufacturing operations in Taiwan.
- In January 2014, we announced the cessation of all memslcam manufacturing operations. As part of these efforts, we are no longer operating facilities in
Arcadia, California, Rochester, New York, Hsinchu, Taiwan and Japan. As a result of these actions, certain assets were impaired or were written off entirely and
restructuring and other charges were taken in 2013 and the ﬁrst half of 2014. All material assets of these operations were sold or licensed to a third party in
December 2014.
In this document, the operations and financial results of these operations are considered discontinued operations. For further discussion of these transactions, see
Note 6 - " Discontinued Operations ", Note 9 - " Goodwill and Identiﬁed Intangible Assets " and Note 16 - "Restructuring, Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and
Other Charges and Gain on Sale of Patents " in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
As a result of the actions noted above, during the first quarter of 20 14, we determined that we operate our business in one operating segment, focused on the
monetization of intellectual property, both internally developed and acquired, through royalties, licenses and other means. Previously, we operated in two operating
segments - Intellectual Property and DigitalOptics. All financial results and discussions below relate to continuing operations unless otherwise specified and
conform to our determination that we now operate in a single operating segment.
Customers
Our technologies have been licensed to more than 100 companies. These customers include Intel Corporation, LG Electronics, Micron Technology, Inc., Samsung
Electronics Co. Ltd, Shenzhen O-Film Tech Co., LTD, SK hynix Inc. and Sony Corporation, among others.
Sales and Marketing
Our sales activities focus primarily on developing direct relationships at the technical, marketing and executive management levels. Product marketing focuses on
identifying the needs and product requirements of our customers. Product marketing also manages the development of all of our technologies throughout the
development cycle and creates the required marketing materials to assist with the adoption of the technologies.
Research & Development
Our research and development groups work closely with our sales and marketing groups, as well as our customers and partners, to bring our technologies to market
in a timely, high-quality and cost efﬁcient manner. As of December 31, 2015, we employed 180 engineers and technologists devoted to semiconductor packaging,
other semiconductor technologies and imaging technologies. Research and development and other related costs totaled approximately $32.2 million, $32.3 million
and $28.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
Intellectual Property Portfolio
As of December 31, 2015, we owned approximately 4,036 patents and patent applications, comprised of approximately
2,255 United States patents and patent applications and approximately 1,781 foreign patents and patent applications. The expiration dates of our issued patents
range from 2016 to 2034.
We evaluate intellectual property portfolios for purchase in the fields of advanced semiconductor packaging, circuity technologies, and related ﬁelds. Our
evaluation criteria for patent acquisitions include, for example: the sales and profitability of the relevant products, our View of the prospects of the market for the
relevant products, size of the portfolio, legal criteria and our assessment of the likelihood of obtaining negotiated licenses.
5