Table of Contents
Page
Number
(1) Financial Statements
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F -1
Consolidated Balance Sheets F-2
Consolidated Statements of Operations F-3
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) F-4
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity F-S
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7
(2) Financial Statement Schedules
Valuation and Qualifying Accounts S-1
(3) Exhibits*
* The exhibits listed on the accompanying Exhibits Index following the signature page to this Annual Report
are ﬁled as part of, or hereby incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report.
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Tessera Technologies, Inc. :
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(1) present fairly, in all material reSpects, the ﬁnancial position
of Tessera Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash ﬂows for each of
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in
our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth
therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated ﬁnancial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements and
ﬁnancial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
ﬁnancial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express
Opinions on these ﬁnancial statements, on the financial statement schedule, and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated
audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective
internal control over ﬁnancial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and signiﬁcant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall ﬁnancial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting
45