Table of Contents
* Sales by the acquired businesses may be subject to different accounting treatment than our existing businesses, especially related to the recognition of
revenues. This may lead to potential deferral of revenues due to new multiple-element revenue arrangements.
There may be a significant time lag between acquiring a patent portfolio and recognizing revenue from those patent assets. During that time lag,
* material costs are likely to be incurred in preparing licensing or litigation efforts that would have a negative effect on our results of operations, cash
ﬂows and ﬁnancial position.
* We may require external financing that is dilutive or presents risks of debt.
We are required to estimate and record fair values of contingent assets, liabilities, deferred tax assets and liabilities at the time of an acquisition. Even
* though these estimates are based on management's best judgment, the actual results may differ. Under the current accounting guidance, differences
between actual results and management's estimate could cause our operating results to ﬂuctuate or could adversely affect our results of operations.
If our amortizable intangible assets (such as acquired patents) become impaired, we may be required to record a signiﬁcant charge to earnings.
In addition to internal development, we intend to broaden our intellectual property portfolio through strategic relationships and acquisitions such as the Ziptronix,
Inc. acquisition completed in the third quarter of 2015. We believe these strategic relationships and acquisitions will enhance the competitiveness and size of our
current businesses and diversify into markets and technologies that complement our current businesses. These acquisitions could be in the form of asset purchases,
equity investments, or business combinations. As a result, we may have intangible assets which are amortized over their estimated useful lives, equity investments,
in-process research and development, and goodwill. We review our amortizable intangible assets (such as our patent portfolio) for impairment when events or
changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable or the useful life is shorter than originally estimated. Factors that may be considered a
change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our amortizable or other intangible assets may not be recoverable include a decline in future cash
ﬂows, ﬂuctuations in market capitalization, slower growth rates in our industry or slower than anticipated adoption of our products by our customers. In the ﬁrst
quarter of 2013, we recorded an impairment of goodwill of $6.7 million when we revised our business strategy for the DigitalOptics business to concentrate its
manufacturing efforts on the lens barrel, rather than the whole camera module. This revised strategy made our leased manufacturing facility in Zhuhai, China
unnecessary and the goodwill tied to the facility became impaired. We also recorded an $8.7 million charge due to the abandonment of existing patents and
technology, which caused a revision of the useful life estimate of these patent and technology assets thus fully impairing them. In the fourth quarter of 20 1 3, we
recorded an impairment of intangible assets of approximately $7.0 million in connection with the restructuring that we announced in January 2014. As we continue
to review for factors that may affect our business which may not be in our control, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial
statements during the period in which any impairment of our amortizable intangible assets or equity investments is determined, resulting in an adverse impact on
our business, ﬁnancial position or results of operations.
Compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses.
Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, new SEC regulations, requirements placed on non-ﬁnancial
companies under the Dodd-Frank Act and the NASDAQ Stock Market rules, have created uncertainty for companies. These laws, regulations and standards are
often subject to varying interpretations. As a result, their application in practice may evolve as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies,
which could result in higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. As a result of our efforts to comply with evolving
laws, regulations and standards, we have increased and may continue to increase general and administrative expenses and diversion of management time and
attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities.
Provisions of our certiﬁcate of incorporation and bylaws or Delaware law might delay or prevent a change of control transaction and depress the market
price of our stock.
Various provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws might have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or discouraging a
third party from attempting to acquire, control of our company. These provisions could limit
2 1