Table of Contents
In February 2015, we updated our capital allocation strategy. Given the change in business approach that moves us away from backward looking “episodic”
payments, we discontinued the once-a-year payment of special dividends on episodic proceeds and instead announced a doubling of the current quarterly dividend
to $0.20 per share which began in March 2015. The Company also returns capital to shareholders through stock repurchases and plans to continue repurchasing
stock in future periods. We anticipate that all quarterly dividends and stock repurchases will be paid out of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.
In 2013, we paid quarterly dividends of $0. 10 per share in each of March 2013, May 2013, August 2013 and November 2013. In 2014, we paid quarterly dividends
of $0. 10 per share in each of March 2014, June 2014, August 2014 and December 2014. In May 2013 and 2014, we also paid a special dividend of $0.30 and $0.52
per common share, respectively. In 2015, we paid quarterly dividends of $0.20 per share in each of March 2015, June 2015, September 2015 and December 2015.
We believe that based on current levels of operations and anticipated growth, our cash from operations, together with cash, cash equivalents and short—term
investments currently available, will be sufﬁcient to fund our operations, dividends and stock repurchases and acquisition needs for at least the next twelve months.
Poor ﬁnancial results, unanticipated expenses, unanticipated acquisitions of technologies or businesses or unanticipated strategic investments could give rise to
additional financing requirements sooner than we expect. There can be no assurance that equity or debt financing will be available when needed or, if available,
that such financing will be on terms satisfactory to us and not dilutive to our then-current stockholders.
Contractual Cash Obligations
Payments Due by Period
Less than 1-3 4-5
Total 1 Year Years Years Thereafter
(In thousands)
lOperating lease obligations as 10,566 $ 2,317 $ 4,501 $ 3,748 $ — l
The amounts reﬂected in the table above for operating lease obligations represent aggregate future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable facility and
equipment operating leases. For our facilities leases, rent expense charged to operations differs from rent paid because of scheduled rent increases. Rent expense is
calculated by amortizing total rental payments on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
As of December 31, 2015, we had accrued $2.4 million of unrecognized tax beneﬁts in long term income taxes payable related to uncertain tax positions, and
accrued approximately $0.5 million of interest. At this time, we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of the long-term payments or the amount by which the
liability will increase or decrease over time. As a result, this amount is not included in the table above.
See Note 14 — " Commitments and Contingencies " of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional detail.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
As of December 31, 2015, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as deﬁned in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Management’s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated ﬁnancial statements. These ﬁnancial
statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) in the United States which requires us to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. By their
nature, these estimates and judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. We evaluate our estimates based on our historical experience and various
other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates relate to revenue recognition, the assessment of recoverability of
goodwill and intangible assets, the assessment of useful lives and the recoverability of property, plant and equipment, the valuation and recognition of stock-based
compensation expense, the valuation of investments, recognition and measurement of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, the assessment of unrecognized tax
beneﬁts, and others. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and material effects on our operating results and financial position may result. See Note 2—
“Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies ” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a full description of our accounting policies.
37