Table of Contents
unlimited; however, the Company has Directors’ and Officers’ Liability insurance coverage that is intended to reduce its financial exposure and may enable the
Company to recover a portion of any such payments. The Company believes the estimated fair value of these indemnification agreements in excess of applicable
insurance coverage is minimal.
Research, development and other related costs
Research, development and other related costs consist primarily of compensation and related costs for personnel, as well as costs related to patent applications and
examinations, product "tear downs" and reverse engineering, materials, supplies and equipment depreciation. Research and development is conducted primarily in-
house and targets development of chip-scale and multi-chip packaging, circuitry design, 3D—IC architectures, wafer-level packaging technology, advanced
substrates, and image enhancement technology. All research, development and other related costs are expensed as incurred.
Stock-based compensation expense
The Company accounts for stock-based compensation expense in accordance with the authoritative guidance on share-based payment. Under the provisions of the
guidance, stock-based compensation expense is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the option using a Black-Scholes option pricing model and is
recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. The fair value of the Company’s stock awards
for non-employees was estimated based on the fair market value on each vesting date, accounted for under the variable-accounting method.
The authoritative guidance also requires that the Company measure and recognize stock-based compensation expense upon modification of the term of stock
award. The stock-based compensation expense for such modification is the sum of any unamortized expense of the award before modification and the modification
expense. The modification expense is the incremental amount of the fair value of the award before the modification and the fair value of the award after the
modification, measured on the date of modiﬁcation. In the case when the modification results in a longer requisite period than in the original award, the Company
has elected to apply the pool method where the aggregate of the unamortized expense and the modification expense is amortized over the new requisite period on a
straight-line basis. In addition, any forfeiture will be based on the original requisite period prior to the modification.
Calculating stock-based compensation expense requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected term of the stock-based awards, stock
price volatility, and the pre—vesting option forfeiture rate. The Company estimates the expected life of options granted based on historical exercise patterns, which
are believed to be representative of future behavior. The Company estimates the volatility of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant based on historical
volatility. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based awards represent the Company’s best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent
uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result, if factors change and the Company uses different assumptions, its stock-based
compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition, the Company is required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize
expense for those shares expected to vest. The Company estimates the forfeiture rate based on historical experience of its stock-based awards that are granted,
exercised and cancelled. If the actual forfeiture rate is materially different from the estimate, stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different
from what was recorded in the current period. See Note 12 — “Stock-based Compensation Expense” for additional detail.
Income taxes
The Company must make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes. These estimates and judgments
occur in the calculation of tax credits, tax beneﬁts, tax deductions, and in the calculation of certain deferred taxes and tax liabilities. Significant changes to these
estimates may result in an increase or decrease to the Company’s tax provision in a subsequent period.
The provision for income taxes was comprised of the Company’s current tax liability and changes in deferred income tax assets and liabilities. The calculation of
the current tax liability involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations and in determining the liability for tax positions,
if any, taken on the Company’s tax returns in accordance with authoritative guidance on accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. Deferred income taxes are
determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. The Company must assess the likelihood that it will be
able to recover the Company’s deferred tax assets. If recovery is not likely on a more-likely-than-not basis, the Company must increase its provision for income
taxes by recording a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets that it estimates will not ultimately be recoverable. However, should there be a change in
the Company’s ability to recover its deferred tax assets, the provision for income taxes would ﬂuctuate in the period of such change. See Note 13 — “Income
Taxes” for additional detail.
F - 10