Table of Contents
Contingencies
From time to time, the Company may be involved in legal and administrative proceedings and claims of various types. The Company records a liability in its
consolidated financial statements for these matters when a loss is known or considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Management reviews
these estimates in each accounting period as additional information becomes known and adjusts the loss provision when appropriate. If the loss is not probable or
cannot be reasonably estimated, a liability is not recorded in the consolidated financial statements. If a loss is probable but the amount of loss cannot be reasonably
estimated, the Company discloses the loss contingency and an estimate of possible loss or range of loss (unless such an estimate cannot be made). The Company
does not recognize gain contingencies until they are realized. Legal costs incurred in connection with loss contingencies are expensed as incurred. See Note 14 — "
Commitments and Contingencies ,” for further information regarding the Company’s pending litigation.
Property and equipment
Property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. The depreciable lives range from one
to five years.
NOTE 3 — RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16, “Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments”
(“ASU 2015-16”). The standard requires that adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination be recorded in the period such
adjustments are determined, rather than retrospectively adjusting previously reported amounts. ASU 2015-16 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015, and early adoption is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2015-16 did not have a material effect on the
Company’s consolidated ﬁnancial statements or disclosures.
In November 2015, the F ASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classiﬁcation of Deferred Taxes” (“ASU 2015-17”). The
FASB issued this ASU as part of its ongoing simpliﬁcation initiative, with the objective of reducing complexity in accounting standards. The amendments in ASU
2015-17 require entities that present a classified balance sheet to classify all deferred tax liabilities and assets as a noncurrent amount. This guidance does not
change the offsetting requirements for deferred tax liabilities and assets, which results in the presentation of one amount on the balance sheet. Additionally, the
amendments in this ASU align the deferred income tax presentation with the requirements in International Accounting Standards (IAS) 1, Presentation of Financial
Statements. The amendments in ASU 2015-17 are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this guidance prospectively as of December 31, 2015. The adoption of
ASU 2015- 17 required short-term deferred tax assets be reclassiﬁed to long-term deferred tax assets. The adoption did not have any other material effect on the
Company’s consolidated ﬁnancial statements or disclosures.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" (“ASU 2014-09”), which provides guidance for revenue recognition.
ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonﬁnancial
assets and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, “Revenue Recognition,” and most industry-speciﬁc guidance. This ASU also supersedes
some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-3 5, “Revenue Recognition-Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts.” ASU 2014-09’s core principle is that
a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reﬂects the consideration to which a company
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so, companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under today’s
guidance, including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and
allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018 and, at that time,
the Company may adopt the new standard under the full retrospective approach or the modiﬁed retrospective approach. At this time, some of the current guidance
impacting the intellectual property licensing industry has not been ﬁnalized. Therefore, the Company is still considering how the guidance might affect its financial
reporting once ﬁnalized.
In June 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU No. 2014-12, Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award
Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period (“ASU 2014-12”). The amendments in ASU 2014-12 require that a
performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should
apply existing guidance in Accounting Standards Codiﬁcation Topic No. 718, “Compensation - Stock Compensation” (“ASC 718”), as it
F - 1 1