Table of Contents
2014, we announced a settlement with PTI related to our pending cases with PTI in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.
The PTI settlement was for a total of $196 million with two payments made in 2014 totaling $96 million and quarterly recurring payments totaling $100
million which began in the first quarter of 20 1 5 and will continue through the end of 2018.
0 In 2014, we announced the cessation of all memslcam manufacturing operations. As a result, we incurred approximately $49.0 million in long-lived asset
impairment and other charges related to the memslcam operations in the fourth quarter of 2013. In addition, we incurred severance and other charges of
$9.0 million in 2014. At the end of 2014, we sold all the remaining assets for $11.8 million in cash, which resulted in a disposal gain of $7.5 million. All
financial results of this business are included in discontinued operations.
0 In 2013, we sold most of the assets of the Micro-Optics business located in Charlotte, North Carolina in exchange for $14.9 million in cash, which
resulted in a disposal gain of $8.7 million. We incurred $2.6 million in restructuring and impairment charges related to this action. In 2014, we sold all the
remaining assets for $7.2 million in cash. All financial results of this business are included in discontinued operations.
0 In 2013, we closed our Zhuhai Facility and consolidated our manufacturing capabilities into Taiwan. We incurred $4.1 million in restructuring and
impairment charges related to this action. All financial results of this business are included in discontinued operations.
All financial results and discussions below relate to continuing operations unless otherwise specified.
Revenues
Our revenues are generated primarily from royalty and license fees. Royalty and license fees are generated from licensing the right to use our technologies or
intellectual property. Licensees generally report shipment information 30 to 60 days after the end of the quarter in which such activity takes place. Since there is no
reliable basis on which we can estimate our royalty revenues prior to obtaining these reports from the licensees, we generally recognize royalty revenues on a one
quarter lag. The timing of revenue recognition and the amount of revenue actually recognized for each type of revenues depends upon a variety of factors,
including the specific terms of each arrangement, our ability to derive fair value of each element and the nature of our deliverables and obligations. In addition, our
royalty revenues will ﬂuctuate based on a number of factors such as: (a) the timing of receipt of royalty reports; (b) the rate of adoption and incorporation of our
technology by licensees; (c) the demand for products incorporating semiconductors that use our licensed technology; (d) the cyclicality of supply and demand for
products using our licensed technology; (e) volume incentive pricing terms in licensing agreements that may result in significant variability in quarterly revenue
recognition from customers and (f) the impact of economic downturns.
From time to time we enter into license agreements that have fixed expiration dates. Upon expiration of such agreements, we need to renew or replace these
agreements in order to maintain our revenue base. We may not be able to continue licensing customers on terms favorable to us, under the existing terms or at all,
which would harm our results of operations.
In the past, we have engaged in litigation and arbitration proceedings to directly or indirectly enforce our intellectual property rights and the terms of our license
agreements, including proceedings to ensure proper and full payment of royalties by our current licensees and by third parties whose products incorporate our
intellectual property rights.
The following table presents our historical operating results for the periods indicated as a percentage of revenues:
29