Table of Contents
We have devoted, and expect to continue to devote, considerable time and resources to developing, acquiring and integrating new and existing technologies into
our products and licensing programs. However, if customers do not accept the way we have integrated our technologies, they may adopt competing solutions. In
addition, as we introduce new products or licensing programs, we cannot predict with certainty if and when our customers will transition to those new products or
licensing programs. Moreover, with respect to certain of our FotoNation technologies, even after we have signed a license agreement with a customer, we will
often not see significant revenue from that customer until after such technologies have been successfully designed into the customer's integrated circuits, which can
take 18 months or longer. If customers fail to accept new or upgraded products or licensing programs incorporating our technologies, our ﬁnancial position, results
of operations and cash ﬂows could be adversely impacted.
If we fail to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights and our conﬁdential information, our business will suffer.
We rely primarily on a combination of license, development and nondisclosure agreements and other contractual provisions and patent, trademark, trade secret and
copyright laws to protect our technology and intellectual property. If we fail to protect our technology and intellectual property, our licensees and others may seek
to use our technology and intellectual property without the payment of license fees and royalties, which could weaken our competitive position, reduce our
operating results and increase the likelihood of costly litigation. The growth of our business depends in large part on our ability to obtain intellectual property
rights in a timely manner, our ability to convince third parties of the applicability of our intellectual property rights to their products, and our ability to enforce our
intellectual property rights.
In certain instances, we attempt to obtain patent protection for portions of our technology, and our license agreements typically include both issued patents and
pending patent applications. If we fail to obtain patents in a timely manner or if the patents issued to us do not cover all of the inventions disclosed in our patent
applications, others could use portions of our technology and intellectual property without the payment of license fees and royalties. For example, our business may
suffer if we are unable to obtain patent protection in a timely manner from the PTO due to processing delays resulting from examiner turnover and a continuing
backlog of patent applications.
We also rely on trade secret laws rather than patent laws to protect other portions of our proprietary technology. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect.
The misappropriation of our trade secrets or other proprietary information could seriously harm our business. We protect our proprietary technology and processes,
in part, through confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, suppliers and customers. We cannot be certain that these contracts have not been and
will not be breached, that we will be able to timely detect unauthorized use or transfer of our technology and intellectual property, that we will have adequate
remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets will not otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. If we fail to use these
mechanisms to protect our technology and intellectual property, or if a court fails to enforce our intellectual property rights, our business will suffer. We cannot be
certain that these protection mechanisms can be successfully asserted in the future or will not be invalidated or challenged.
Further, the laws and enforcement regimes of certain countries do not protect our technology and intellectual property to the same extent as do the laws and
enforcement regimes of the US. In certain jurisdictions we may be unable to protect our technology and intellectual property adequately against unauthorized use,
which could adversely affect our business.
Our business may suffer if third parties assert that we violate their intellectual property rights.
Third parties may claim that either we or our customers are infringing upon their intellectual property rights. Even if we believe that such claims are without merit,
they can be time-consuming and costly to defend against and will divert management's attention and resources away from our business. Furthermore, third parties
making such claims may be able to obtain injunctive or other equitable relief that could block our ability to further develop or commercialize some or all of our
products or services in the US. and abroad. Claims of intellectual property infringement also might require us to enter into costly settlement or license agreements
or pay costly damage awards. Even if we have an agreement that provides for a third party to indemnify us against such costs, the indemnifying party may be
unable to perform its contractual obligations under the agreement. If we cannot or do not license the infringed intellectual property on reasonable terms, or need to
substitute similar technology from another source, our business, financial position, results of operations and cash ﬂows could suffer.
Our licensing cycle is lengthy and costly, and our marketing, legal and sales efforts may be unsuccessful.
We generally incur signiﬁcant marketing, legal and sales expenses prior to entering into our license agreements, generating a license fee and establishing a royalty
stream from each licensee. The length of time it takes to establish a new licensing relationship, and/or for our customers to incorporate certain FotoNation
technologies in their integrated circuits, can be 18 months or longer. As such, we may incur significant losses in any particular period before any associated
revenue stream begins.
1 3