Table of Contents
is based on the specific identification method. Interest and dividend income and realized gains or losses are included in other income and expense, net.
Concentration of credit and other risks
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash equivalents, short—term
investments and accounts receivable. The Company follows a corporate investment policy which sets credit, maturity and concentration limits and regularly
monitors the composition, market risk and maturities of these investments. The Company believes that any concentration of credit risk in its accounts receivable is
substantially mitigated by the Company’s evaluation process, relatively short collection terms and the high level of credit worthiness of its customers. The
Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers’ financial condition and limits the amount of credit extended when deemed necessary but generally
requires no collateral.
At December 31, 2015, the Company had four customers representing 26% , 21% , 13% and 12% of aggregate gross trade receivables. At December 31, 2014, the
Company had two customers representing 60% and 11% of aggregate gross trade receivables.
The following table sets forth revenues generated from customers which comprise 10% or more of total revenues for the periods indicated:
Years Ended
December 31,
2015 _ 2014 _ 2013
’Samsung Electronics, Co. Ltd. 19% 24% 11%
Micron Technology, Inc. 15% >“% *%
’Amkor Technologies, Inc. 14% >“% *% ‘
SK hynix Inc. 13% 11% 26%
’Powertech Technology Inc. *% 34% * % ‘
Sony Corporation *% >“% 18%
* denotes less than 10% of total revenues.
Goodwill and identified intangible assets
Goodwill . Goodwill is recorded as the difference, if any, between the aggregate consideration paid for an acquisition and the fair value of the net tangible and
identified intangible assets acquired under a business combination. The Company reviews impairment of goodwill annually in the fourth quarter. The Company
ﬁrst assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for
determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. If the Company concludes it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a
reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, it need not perform the two-step impairment test.
If based on the qualitative assessment, the Company believes it is more-likely-than—not that the fair value of its reporting units is less than its carrying value, a two-
step goodwill impairment test is required to be performed. The first step requires the Company to compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value
including allocated goodwill. The Company determines the fair value of its reporting units using an equal weighting of the results derived from an income
approach and a market approach. The income approach is estimated through the discounted cash flow method based on assumptions about future conditions such
as future revenue growth rates, new product and technology introductions, gross margins, operating expenses, discount rates, future economic and market
conditions, and other assumptions. The market approach estimates the fair value of the Company’s equity by utilizing the market comparable method which is
based on revenue multiples from comparable companies in similar lines of business. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value,
the Company performs the second step of the goodwill impairment test to determine the amount of impairment loss.
The second step of the goodwill impairment test involves comparing the implied fair value of the reporting unit with the carrying value of the reporting unit. An
impairment charge is recognized for the excess of the carrying value of the reporting unit over its implied fair value. Determining the fair value of a reporting unit
is subjective in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including revenue growth rates and operating margins, discount rates and
future market conditions, among others.
F- 8