While reinsurer competition for national and regional company business is growing, management believes that MRB has
a competitive advantage in the smaller mutual company market that it serves due to its low operating costs. MRB understands
the needs of the smaller company market and operates at a very low expense ratio, enabling it to oﬁer reinsurance coverage (on
business that generally presents less risk) to an under-served market at lower margins. However, due to growth in the
reinsurance intermediary marketplace, the size of this under-served market has declined.
A.M. Best Company, Inc. Ratings
Property and Casualty Insurance
A.M. Best Company, Inc. (A.M. Best) rates insurance companies based on their relative financial strength and ability to
meet their contractual obligations. During 2013, the Company’s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries' financial strength
rating was raised from "A—" to “A” (Excellent) in their capacity as participants in the pooling agreement. A.M. Best re-
evaluates its ratings from time to time (normally on an annual basis) and there can be no assurance that the Company’s property
and casualty insurance subsidiaries and the other pool participants will maintain their current rating in the future. Management
believes that an A.M. Best rating of “A-” (Excellent) or better is important to the Company’s business since many insureds
require that companies with which they insure be so rated. A.M. Best’s publications indicate that the “A“ (Excellent) rating is
assigned to companies that have achieved excellent overall performance and have a strong ability to meet their obligations over
a long period of time. A downgrade of the Company’s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries’ rating (particularly below
"A-") would adversely affect the Company’s competitive position and make it more difficult for it to market its products, and
retain its existing agents and policyholders. A.M. Best’s ratings are based upon factors of concern to policyholders and
insurance agents, and are not directed toward the protection of investors.
Reinsurance
The most recent A.M. Best Property Casualty Key Rating Guide gives the Company’s reinsurance subsidiary a financial
strength rating of “A” (Excellent). However, because the majority of the reinsurance business assumed by the reinsurance
subsidiary is produced by Employers Mutual, the rating of the reinsurance subsidiary is not critical to the Company’s
reinsurance operations. The rating of Employers Mutual is, however, critical to the Company’s reinsurance operations, as the
unaffiliated insurance companies that cede business to Employers Mutual view the rating as an indication of Employers
Mutual’s ability to meet its obligations to those insurance companies. Employers Mutual’s rating was increased from "A—" to
"A" (Excellent) during 2013. This rating increase aids in marketing efforts because some insurance companies require a rating
of “A” (Excellent) or higher. A downgrade of Employers Mutual’s rating (particularly below "A-") would have a material
adverse impact on the Company’s reinsurance subsidiary, as a downgrade would negatively impact Employers Mutual ’s ability
to write reinsurance business and, consequently, to cede that business to the Company’s reinsurance subsidiary.
11