MANAGEMENT ISSUES AND PERSPECTIVES
Low interest rate environment
The persistent low interest rate environment has an inﬂuence on several operational areas that have the potential to
materially impact the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. Following is a brief discussion of the major
operational areas being monitored by management in light of the current low interest rate environment.
Investment portfolio
The majority of the Company’s investment portfolio is invested in fixed maturity securities. The prolonged low interest
rate environment has had a positive impact on the Company ’5 financial condition because the portfolio of fixed maturity
securities available-for—sale had net unrealized holding gains of $6.6 million at December 31, 2016, reﬂecting the fact that the
average yield on the Company’s portfolio is higher than the yields currently available in the ﬁxed maturity marketplace.
However, proceeds from maturing securities and cash from operating activities are being invested at the current lower yields,
which has had a negative impact on investment income over the past several years. Interest rates increased approximately 17
basis points during 2016, which reduced the amount of unrealized gains on the Company's fixed maturity portfolio. If the
current low interest rate environment continues, future growth in investment income will be limited.
Underwriting results
The Company’s portfolio of fixed maturity securities provides a substantial amount of investment income that
supplements underwriting results and contributes to net earnings. The prolonged low interest rate environment has resulted in
limited growth in investment income, which has increased the need to achieve a consistent underwriting profit. Management
continually stresses the importance of striving for an underwriting profit, and is working diligently with the branch oﬂices to
maintain prudent underwriting and pricing standards, and establish long-term business plans with the Company’s agency force.
Equity portfolio market risk
Approximately 14.6 percent of the Company’s investment portfolio is invested in equity securities. Net unrealized
investment gains on the equity portfolio totaled approximately $43.1 million at December 31, 2016, which is reﬂected as
accumulated other comprehensive income in the Company’s financial statements and represents $2.03 per share of the
Company’s December 31, 2016 book value of $26.07 per share. To help protect the Company from a sudden and significant
decline in the value of its equity portfolio, management began investing in a limited partnership during the first quarter of 20 14
to implement and maintain an equity tail-risk hedging strategy. This hedging strategy is designed to help protect the Company
from significant monthly downside price volatility in the equity markets. By implementing this hedging strategy, management
was able to reduce the level of risk contained in the Company’s financial statements without reducing the size of the equity
portfolio. While there is a cost associated with this protection, management views this cost similar to the cost of an insurance
policy. The cost of the hedging strategy is equal to the decline in the carrying value of the limited partnership that the
Company invested in to implement the strategy, and is reported as a realized investment loss in the Company's financial
statements. The decline in the carrying value of the limited partnership primarily reﬂects the cost of hedging contracts that
expired without value during the year, but also includes changes in the value of contracts that were still in effect at year-end.
Premium rate levels
Premium rate levels have improved steadily during the past four years, and management has worked diligently with the
sixteen branch offices to stress the importance of achieving modest, but consistent, commercial lines rate level increases
whenever possible. These efforts have been successful, as the Company was able to implement high-single-digit rate level
increases during 2012 and 2013, and more modest increases during 2014, 2015 and 2016. Rate levels for commercial lines of
business are projected to decline on an industry-wide basis in 2017, but management currently expects the Company's overall
rate level to remain steady or increase slightly in 2017. Management will continue to work with the branch offices to ensure
that all opportunities for additional rate level increases are pursued.
56