Reported case and IBNR loss reserves associated with the MRB book of business are established by that entity’s
management, and booked by the reinsurance subsidiary on a monthly basis. MRB claims files are audited annually by the
member companies’ reinsurance claim departments, and the member companies' actuarial departments perform an annual
reserve adequacy review. The reinsurance subsidiary estimates and books a relatively small IBNR loss reserve and EBNR
premium amount to account for a one month lag in reporting. The booking of the lag IBNR loss reserve may be suspended,
and a negative bulk IBNR loss reserve may be booked, during periods when the Company's actuarial reviews indicate MRB's
carried reserves are more than adequate to cover its liabilities.
Reserve Development
Property and casualty insurance
There is an inherent amount of uncertainty involved in the establishment of insurance liabilities. This uncertainty is
greatest in the current and more recent accident years because a smaller percentage of the expected ultimate claims have been
reported, adjusted and settled compared to more mature accident years. For this reason, carried reserves for these accident
years reﬂect prudently conservative assumptions. As the carried reserves for these accident years run oﬁ, the overall
expectation is that, more often than not, favorable development will occur. However, there is also the possibility that the
ultimate settlement of liabilities associated with these accident years will show adverse development, and such adverse
development could be substantial and have a negative impact on the Company's financial condition and results of operations.
Reinsurance
There are inherent uncertainties involved in establishing reserves for assumed reinsurance business. Such uncertainties
include the fact that a reinsurance company generally has less knowledge than the ceding companies about the underlying book
of business and the ceding companies' reserving practices. For this reason, the carried reserves for the reinsurance segment are
generally in the upper quartile of the range of actuarial reserve indications. As the carried reserves run off, the overall
expectation is that, more often than not, favorable development will occur. However, there is also the possibility that the
ultimate settlement of liabilities will show adverse development, and such adverse development could be substantial and have a
negative impact on the Company's financial condition and results of operations.
See note 4 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for a reconciliation of
beginning and ending reserves for losses and settlement expenses for the three years ended December 31, 2016, as well as ten
years of incurred and paid development information for each major line of business. Following is a detailed analysis of the
development the Company has experienced on its prior accident years’ reserves during the past three years. Care should be
exercised when attempting to analyze the financial impact of the reported development amounts because, as previously noted,
1) the overall expectation is that, more often than not, favorable development will occur as the prior accident years’ reserves
run off, and 2) development on prior years’ reserves resulting solely from changes in the allocation of bulk reserves between the
current and prior accident years does not have any impact on earnings.
17