The estimation of settlement expense reserves assumes a consistent claims department philosophy regarding the defense
of lawsuits. If the pool participants should in the future take a more aggressive defense posture, defense costs would increase
and it is likely that the Company’s carried allocated settlement expense reserves would be deficient. However, such a change in
philosophy would likely reduce losses, generating some offsetting redundancy in the loss reserves.
The property and casualty insurance subsidiaries have exposure to environmental and asbestos claims arising primarily
from the other liability line of business. These exposures are closely monitored by management, and IBNR loss reserves have
been established to cover estimated ultimate losses. The loss and settlement expense reserves associated with asbestos claims
have been increased each year for the last several years due to continued reporting of new claims at a rate not previously
anticipated, as well as updated internal ultimate loss and settlement expense evaluations. In 2016, the loss and settlement
expense reserves for asbestos claims were strengthened approximately $3.5 million.
Environmental IBNR loss reserves are established in consideration of the implied three-year survival ratio (ratio of loss
and settlement expense reserves to the three-year average of loss and settlement expense payments). Estimation of ultimate
liabilities for these exposures is unusually diﬁicult due to unresolved issues such as whether coverage exists, the definition of
an occurrence, the determination of ultimate damages and the allocation of such damages to financially responsible parties.
Therefore, any estimation of these liabilities is subject to greater than normal variation and uncertainty, and ultimate payments
for losses and settlement expenses for these exposures may differ significantly from the carried reserves.
Reinsurance Segment
Following is a summary of the carried loss and settlement expense reserves for the reinsurance segment at December 31,
2016 and 2015.
December 31,
($ in thousands)
Line of business 7 2016 7 7 2015 7
[Pro rata reinsurance $ 60,412 $ 60,098 ‘
Excess of loss reinsurance 143,733 138,263
[ Total reinsurance segment 733 204,145 7 8 198,361
The reinsurance book of business is comprised of two major components. The first is HORAD, which includes the
reinsurance business assumed by the reinsurance subsidiary through the quota share agreement and the business written directly
by the reinsurance subsidiary outside of the quota share agreement. The second is MRB, which is a voluntary reinsurance pool
in which Employers Mutual participates with four other unaffiliated insurers.
The primary actuarial methods used to project ultimate policy year losses on the assumed reinsurance business are paid
development, incurred development and Bornhuetter-Ferguson. The assumptions underlying the various projection methods
include stability in the mix of business, consistent claims processing procedures, immaterial impact of loss cost trends on
development patterns, consistent case loss reserving practices and appropriate Bornhuetter—Ferguson expected loss ratio
selections.
At December 31, 2016, the carried reserves for HORAD and MRB combined were in the upper quartile of the range of
actuarial reserve indications. This selection reﬂects the fact that there are inherent uncertainties involved in establishing
reserves for assumed reinsurance business. Such uncertainties include the fact that a reinsurance company generally has less
knowledge than the ceding company about the underlying book of business and the ceding company’s reserving practices.
Because of these uncertainties, there is a risk that the reinsurance segment’s reserves for losses and settlement expenses could
prove to be inadequate, with a consequential adverse impact on the Company’s future earnings and stockholders’ equity.
At December 31, 2016, there was no backlog in the processing of assumed reinsurance information. Approximately
$133.4 million, or 65 percent, of the reinsurance segment’s carried reserves were reported by the ceding companies. Employers
Mutual receives loss reserve and paid loss data from its ceding companies on individual excess of loss contracts. If a claim
involves a single or small group of claimants, a summary of the loss and claim outlook is normally provided. Summarized data
is provided for catastrophe claims and pro rata business, which is subject to closer review if inconsistencies are suspected.
64