The plaintiffs in the silicosis lawsuits are sandblasters, gravel and concrete workers, ceramic workers and road
construction workers. All of these lawsuits are subject to express reservation of rights based upon the lack of an injury within
the applicable policy periods because many silica lawsuits, like asbestos lawsuits, do not speciﬁcally allege dates of exposure
or dates of injury. The pool participants’ policyholders (a refractory product manufacturer, small local concrete and gravel
companies and a concrete cutting machine manufacturer) that have been named as defendants in these silica lawsuits have had
little or no exposure, and are routinely dismissed from silica litigation with nominal or no payment. While the expense of
handling these lawsuits is high, it is not proportional to the number of plaintiffs, and is mitigated through cost sharing
agreements with other insurance companies.
Since 2004, the pool participants have included a “pneumoconiosis dust” exclusion to their commercial lines liability
policies in the majority of jurisdictions where such action was warranted. This exclusion precludes liability coverage due to
“mixed dust” pneumoconiosis, pleural plaques, pleural eﬁusion, mesothelioma, lung cancer, emphysema, bronchitis,
tuberculosis or pleural thickening, or other pneumoconiosis-related ailments such as arthritis, cancer (other than lung), lupus,
heart, kidney or gallbladder disease. “Mixed dust” includes dusts composed of asbestos, silica, fiberglass, coal, cement, or
various other elements. It is anticipated that this mixed dust exclusion will further limit the pool participants’ exposure in silica
claims, and may be broad enough to limit exposure in other dust claims.
The Company’s environmental claims are defined as 1) claims for bodily injury, personal injury, property damage, loss
of use of property, diminution of property value, etc., allegedly due to contamination of air, and/or contamination of surface soil
or surface water, and/or contamination of ground water, aquifers, wells, etc; or 2) any/all claims for remediation or clean-up of
hazardous waste sites by the United States Environmental Protection Agency, or similar state and local environmental or
government agencies, usually presented in conjunction with Federal or local clean up statutes (i.e., CERCLA, RCRA, etc.).
Examples include, but are not limited to: chemical waste; hazardous waste treatment, storage and/or disposal facilities;
industrial waste disposal facilities, landfills, superfund sites; toxic waste spills; and underground storage tanks. Widespread use
of pollution exclusions since 1970 in virtually all lines of business, except personal lines, has resulted in limited exposure to
environmental claims. Absolute pollution exclusions have been used since the 1980’s; however, the courts in the State of
Indiana have ruled that the absolute pollution exclusion is ambiguous.
The Company’s current exposures to environmental claims include losses involving petroleum haulers, lead
contamination, and soil and groundwater contamination in the State of Indiana. Claims from petroleum haulers are generally
caused by overturned commercial vehicles and overfills at commercial and residential properties. Exposures for accident year
losses preceding the 1980s include municipality exposures for closed landfills, small commercial businesses involved with
disposing waste at landfills, leaking underground storage tanks and contamination from dry cleaning operations. As of
December 31, 2016, all Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether (“MTBE”) claims related to the pool participants’ policyholders had been
dismissed.
The Company’s exposure to asbestos and environmental claims through assumed reinsurance is very limited due to the
fact that the Company’s reinsurance subsidiary entered into the reinsurance marketplace in the early 1980’s, after much
attention had already been brought to these issues.
At December 31, 2016, the Company carried asbestos and environmental reserves for direct insurance and assumed
reinsurance business totaling $13.3 million, which represents 1.9 percent of total loss and settlement expense reserves. The
asbestos and environmental reserves include $5.4 million of case loss reserves, $4.8 million of IBNR loss reserves and $3.1
million of bulk settlement expense reserves. Ceded reinsurance on these reserves totaled $335,000. Loss and settlement
expense reserves were increased in 2016 because of deterioration in the implied survival ratio.
The pool participants’ non-asbestos direct product liability claims are considered to be highly uncertain exposures due to
the many uncertainties inherent in determining the loss, and the signiﬁcant periods of time that can elapse between the
occurrence of the loss and the ultimate settlement of the claim. The majority of the pool participants’ product liability claims
arise from small to medium-sized manufacturers, contractors, petroleum distributors, and mobile home and auto dealerships.
No specific claim trends are evident from the pool participants’ manufacturing clients, as the claims activity on these policies is
generally isolated and can be severe. Specific product liability coverage is provided to the pool participants’ mobile home and
auto dealership policyholders, and the claims from these policies tend to be relatively small. Certain construction defect claims
are also reported under product liability coverage. During 2016, 35 of these claims were reported to the pool participants.
67