Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of net assets of acquired subsidiaries. Goodwill is not
amortized, but is instead subject to impairment if the carrying value of the goodwill exceeds the estimated fair value of net
assets. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit (including goodwill) exceeds the computed fair value, an impairment loss is
recognized through the income statement equal to the excess amount, but not greater than the balance of the
goodwill. Goodwill was not deemed to be impaired in 2016, 2015 or 2014.
Accounting Pronouncements Adopted
In February 2015, the FASB updated its guidance related to the Consolidation Topic 810 of the (ASC). The objective of
this update is to improve consolidation guidance through changes in the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to
determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. The guidance modifies the evaluation of whether limited
partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities or voting interest entities, while also eliminating the
presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership. This guidance was effective for interim and annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and was to be applied either retrospectively or through a modified retrospective
approach by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The
Company adopted this guidance in the first quarter of 2016. Adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on the
consolidated financial condition or operating results of the Company.
In May 2015, the FASB updated its guidance related to the Financial Services-Insurance Topic 944 of the ASC. The
objective of this update is to add disclosures which provide transparency of significant estimates made in measuring the
liability for losses and settlement expenses, thus providing more insight into an insurance entity's ability to underwrite and
anticipate costs associated with claims. The new disclosures primarily include incurred and paid claims development tables
prepared net of reinsurance (not to exceed ten years), and a reconciliation of the carrying amount of the liability for losses and
settlement expenses. Also included (for each accident year of incurred claims development disclosed), is disclosure of incurred
but not reported (IBNR) loss reserves, claim frequency information, and the average annual percentage payout of incurred
claims by age. This guidance is applied to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and certain disclosures
to interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company adopted this guidance during the fourth quarter
of 2016 (see note 4). Since the guidance only affects disclosure, adoption had no impact on the consolidated financial
condition or operating results of the Company.
In August 2014, the FASB updated its guidance related to the Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern
Subtopic 205-40 of the ASC. The objective of this update is to provide guidance regarding management’s responsibility to
evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity’s ability to continue as a going concern, and to provide related
footnote disclosures if indeed substantial doubts do exist. This guidance is effective for annual periods ending after December
15, 2016, and for interim and annual reporting periods thereafter. The Company adopted this guidance in the fourth quarter of
2016. Management completed an evaluation and determined no disclosures were necessary.
In March 2016, the FASB updated its guidance related to Stock Compensation Topic 718 of the ASC. The objective of
this update is to simplify the accounting for employee share-based payments. The provisions applicable to the Company
primarily involve the accounting treatment for excess tax benefits, which is the excess of the actual tax benefit realized by the
Company upon the exercise of non-qualified stock options (by Employers Mutual's employees) over the deferred income tax
benefit previously recognized in conjunction with the compensation expense (tax deficiency if the actual tax benefit realized is
less than the previously recognized deferred income tax benefit). The FASB permitted early prospective adoption of these
provisions, and the Company elected to adopt effective January 1, 2016. As a result, effective January 1, 2016, the Company
no longer records to additional paid-in capital the excess tax beneﬁts (deficiencies) allocated to it through the pooling
agreement, but instead recognizes these amounts through the consolidated statements of income as components of current and
deferred income taxes. The requirement that these excess tax benefits (deficiencies) be reﬂected as financing cash ﬂows in the
consolidated statements of cash ﬂows was also removed, and these amounts are now reﬂected as cash ﬂows from operating
activities on a prospective basis.
110