The property and casualty insurance subsidiaries have exposure to asbestos and environmental claims arising primarily
from the other liability line of business. These exposures are closely monitored by management, and IBNR loss reserves have
been established to cover estimated ultimate losses. The loss and settlement expense reserves associated with asbestos claims
have been increased each year for the last several years due to continued reporting of new claims at a rate not previously
anticipated, as well as updated internal ultimate loss and settlement expense evaluations. In 2016, the loss and settlement
expense reserves for asbestos claims were strengthened approximately $3.5 million.
Reserves for environmental claims are established in consideration of the implied three-year survival ratio. Estimation
of ultimate liabilities for these exposures is unusually diﬁicult due to unresolved issues such as whether coverage exists, the
definition of an occurrence, the determination of ultimate damages and the allocation of such damages to financially
responsible parties. Therefore, any estimation of these liabilities is subject to greater than normal variation and uncertainty, and
ultimate payments for losses and settlement expenses for these exposures may diﬁer significantly from the carried reserves.
Based upon current facts, management believes the reserves carried for asbestos and environmental-related claims at
December 31, 2016 are adequate. Although future changes in the legal and political environment may result in adjustment to
these reserves, management believes any adjustment will not have a material impact on the Company's financial condition or
results of operations.
Reinsurance Ceded
Property and Casualty Insurance
The pool participants cede insurance in the ordinary course of business for the primary purpose of limiting their
maximum loss exposure. The pool participants also purchase catastrophe reinsurance to cover multiple losses arising from a
single event.
All major reinsurance treaties, with the exception of the pooling agreement, the personal and commercial boiler treaties,
the employment practices liability contract, and the data compromise, cyber liability and identity recovery contracts, are on an
“excess of loss” basis whereby the reinsurer agrees to reimburse the pool participants for covered losses in excess of a
predetermined amount, up to a stated limit. The boiler treaties, data compromise, cyber liability and identity recovery
contracts, and the employment practices liability contract provide for 100 percent reinsurance of the pool’s applicable direct
exposures. F acultative reinsurance from approved markets, which provides reinsurance on an individual risk basis and requires
specific agreement of the reinsurer as to the limits of coverage provided, is purchased when coverage by an insured is required
in excess of treaty capacity, where a high-risk type policy could expose the treaty reinsurance programs, or other reasons where
the pool participants wish to reduce their net loss exposure from a particular risk.
Each type of reinsurance coverage is purchased in layers, and each layer may have a separate retention level. Retention
levels are determined according to reinsurance market conditions and the surplus position of the EMC Insurance
Companies. The pooling agreement aids efficient buying of reinsurance since it allows for higher retention levels and
correspondingly decreased dependence on the reinsurance marketplace.
27