Operations of the pool and the inter-company reinsurance program give rise to inter-company balances with Employers
Mutual, which are generally settled during the subsequent month. The investment and income tax activities of the pool
participants are not subject to the pooling agreement. The pooling agreement provides that Employers Mutual will make up
any shortfall or diﬁerence resulting from an error in its systems and/or computation processes that would otherwise result in the
required restatement of the pool participants’ financial statements.
The purpose of the pooling agreement is to spread the risk of an exposure insured by any of the pool participants among
all the companies. The particular benefits that the Company’s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries realize from
participating in the pooling agreement include the following:
- the ability to produce a more uniform and stable underwriting result from year to year than might be experienced
individually, by spreading the risks over a wide range of geographic locations, lines of insurance written, rate ﬁlings,
commission plans and policy forms;
- the ability to benefit from the capacity of the entire pool (representing $1.6 billion in direct premiums written1 in 2016
and $1.4 billion in statutory surplus as of December 31, 2016) rather than being limited to policy exposures of a size
commensurate with each participant’s own surplus level;
- the achievement of an “A” (Excellent) rating from A.M. Best Company on a “group” basis;
- the ability to take advantage of a significant distribution network of independent agencies that the participants most
likely could not access on an individual basis;
- the ability to negotiate and purchase reinsurance from third-party reinsurers on a combined basis, thereby achieving
larger retentions and better pricing; and
- the ability to achieve and benefit from economies of scale in operations.
1 Premiums written is an industry metric used to quantify the amount of insurance sold during a specified reporting
period. Premiums earned is the recognition of the portion of premiums written directly related to the expired portion
of an insurance policy for a given reporting period.
The amount of insurance a property and casualty insurance company writes under industry standards is commonly
expressed as a multiple of its surplus calculated in accordance with statutory accounting practices. Generally, a ratio of 3 or
less is considered satisfactory by state insurance departments. The ratios of the pool participants for the past three years are as
follows:
7 Year ended December 31, 7
2016 2015 2014
[Employers Mutual1 0.81 0.74 0.74 I
EMCAsco2 1.44 1.54 1.57
[Illinois EMCASC02 1.44 1.52 1.52 ]
Dakota Fire2 1.51 1.59 1.61
[EMC Property & Casualty Company1 (0.27) 0.65 0.64 I
Union Insurance Company of Providence1 (0.27) 0.65 0.65
[Hamilton Mutual Insurance Company 0.88 0.89 0.90 I
1 The ratios for these companies reﬂect changes in their pool participation percentages in 2016. Effective January 1, 2016, the
pool participation rates for EMC Property & Casualty Company and Union Insurance Company of Providence declined to zero,
while Employers Mutual's pool participation rate increased to 68 percent.
2 The ratios for these companies reﬂect the issuance of an aggregate $25.0 million of surplus notes to Employers Mutual.
Surplus notes are considered to be a component of surplus for statutory reporting purposes; however, under GAAP, surplus
notes are considered to be debt and are reported as a liability in the Company’s financial statements.
4