12. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT PLANS
Employers Mutual has various employee benefit plans, including two defined benefit pension plans and two
postretirement benefit plans that provide retiree healthcare and life insurance benefits.
Employers Mutual’s pension plans include a qualified defined benefit pension plan and a non-qualified defined benefit
supplemental pension plan. The qualified defined benefit plan covers substantially all of its employees. This plan is funded by
employer contributions and provides benefits under two different formulas, depending on an employee’s age and date of
service. Benefits generally vest after three years of service or the attainment of 55 years of age. It is Employers Mutual’s
funding policy to make contributions sufficient to be in compliance with minimum regulatory funding requirements plus
additional amounts as determined by management.
Employers Mutual’s non-qualified defined benefit supplemental pension plan provides retirement benefits for a select
group of management and highly-compensated employees. This plan enables select employees to receive retirement benefits
without the limit on compensation imposed on qualified defined benefit pension plans by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
and to recognize compensation that has been deferred in the determination of retirement benefits. The plan is unfunded and
benefits generally vest after three years of service.
Employers Mutual also offers postretirement benefit plans which provide certain health care and life insurance benefits
for retired employees. Substantially all of its employees may become eligible for those benefits if they reach normal retirement
age and have attained the required length of service while working for Employers Mutual. Employers Mutual has a Health
Reimbursement Arrangement (HRA) that is available to participants. Under the HRA, Employers Mutual reimburses
participants, up to a pre-determined maximum, for amounts expended to enroll in publicly available health care plans and/or
pay for qualifying out-of-pocket health care costs. The obligations of the HRA are based on the total amount of
reimbursements expected to be made by Employers Mutual over the lives of the participants, rather than the total amount of
medical benefits expected to be paid over the participants’ lives. Therefore, the obligations of the HRA are not impacted by
changes in the cost of health care. The life insurance plan is noncontributory. The benefits provided under both plans are
subject to change.
Employers Mutual maintains a Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association (VEBA) trust that has historically been
used to accumulate funds for the payment of postretirement health care and life insurance benefits. Contributions to the VEBA
trust have been used to fund the projected postretirement benefit obligation, as well as pay benefits. Given the overfunded
position of the postretirement benefit plans, contributions to the VEBA trust are not anticipated for the foreseeable future.
148