Reinsurance
The IBNR loss reserves for the HORAD book of business are determined and booked each quarter along with the ceding
companies” reported reserves. The methodologies used to establish the IBNR loss reserves produce a range of indicated
reserves for each contract type and contract year. Employers Mutual’s actuaries examine the reasonableness of each range, and
then select a point estimate within those ranges. For the more recent contract years, the selected IBNR loss reserve estimate
tends to be higher in the range, typically in the fourth quartile, due to the considerable uncertainty associated with these
immature contract years. The IBNR loss reserve selected for the more mature contract years tends to be at, or slightly above,
the midpoint of the range of reasonable reserves. In addition to the actuarially determined reserves, an additional IBNR loss
reserve is established when large catastrophic events occur, based on an examination of impacted contracts/exposures and
reported industry-wide loss estimates. In aggregate, the IBNR loss reserve selected using these methods and procedures,
combined with reserves reported by the ceding companies, becomes management’s best estimate of the reinsurance segment’s
overall liability. The next several paragraphs provide addition detail on the HORAD reserving process.
Reserves for the HORAD book of business are reviewed quarterly. Contract years 1988 and subsequent are reviewed
every quarter, while accident years 1981-1987, for which detailed contract year information is not available, are reviewed
separately during the fourth quarter. Management segregates claims data associated with specified catastrophe occurrences
expected to exceed $2.0 million in losses, and establishes a catastrophe specific IBNR loss reserve based upon an evaluation of
the exposed reinsurance contracts. Once established, catastrophe specific IBNR reserves are taken down as claims are
reported, unless the ultimate expected loss is adjusted by management.
Premium, loss and settlement expense data is generally reported by ceding companies on a contract year basis; however,
some loss and settlement expense data is reported on an accident year basis. Some ceding companies also report IBNR loss
reserves. The reinsurance segment books these IBNR loss reserve amounts, and then deducts them from the indicated IBNR
loss reserves calculated by Employers Mutual’s actuaries. The reinsurance segment may also book “additional case loss
reserves” for ceding companies whose reported case loss reserves related to certain claims are believed to be less than
adequate.
Using the reported data, excluding the reported IBNR loss reserves, Employers Mutual's actuaries develop an indicated
ultimate loss, and corresponding IBNR loss reserve, by type of contract (property/casualty/excess/pro rata/multi-line) and by
contract year. The actuaries employ the standard paid and incurred chain ladder (triangle) development methods and the
Bornheutter-Furguson method to produce the indicated ultimate loss, and corresponding IBNR loss reserves. In addition, a loss
ratio approach and judgment are applied to a few minor contract types which represent an insignificant portion of the totals.
For the major contract types, the reinsurance subsidiary uses its own paid and incurred development data aggregated on
a contract year basis. The reason for aggregating by contract year, rather than accident year, is to ensure an accurate
aggregation, as ceding companies have not always provided sufficient detail to determine the proper accident year assignment.
In addition, the reinsurance subsidiary uses Reinsurance Association of America (RAA) development triangles to assist in
estimating reserves for casualty excess contracts.
The expected loss ratios used in the Bornheutter—Ferguson method for the current contract year are calculated by contract
type during the first quarter. Once established, the expected loss ratios for the various contract years are generally not revised.
The expected loss ratios are calculated by dividing the projected ultimate losses for contract years having at least five years of
maturity by the contract-year earned premiums brought to the current rate—level. The current rate-level loss ratios are then
trended to the current contract period. In addition, when large accounts are first written, there is generally some underwriting
or reserving data available from which an expected loss ratio may be determined.
After establishing the ultimate loss, and corresponding IBNR loss reserve, by treaty type and contract year, an allocation
must be made in order to book the IBNR loss reserves by accident year and line-of—business. This is accomplished by a
historical study of the ultimate accident year distribution of reported losses and reported loss types (for those treaty types which
may cover multiple lines of business). For the latest contract years, consideration is also given to the distribution of the
contract effective dates and the expected earnings patterns of the contract types (occurrence vs. risks attaching contracts).
The reinsurance subsidiary also books earned but not reported (EBNR) premiums on pro rata contracts, and accrued
reinstatement premiums on catastrophe excess contracts. EBNR premium is estimated by applying selected earnings patterns
to the expected ultimate contract year premium associated with each individual pro rata account, and netting the reported-to-
date amount from the estimated earned-to-date amount. The account level earnings patterns are selected from an examination
of all available information regarding distribution of risk attachment dates during the contract period and a review of each
ceding company's historical reporting patterns. It is important to note that whenever EBNR premium is booked, there is an
associated IBNR loss reserve established as well. Accrued reinstatement premiums are estimated by applying a historically
selected ratio of ultimate reinstatement premiums to incurred losses to the expected ultimate incurred catastrophe loss by
contract year. Netting the reported reinstatement premiums-to-date from this ultimate produces the recorded amount.
16