ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
Set forth below is a description of risk factors related to the Company’s business, provided to enable investors to assess,
and be appropriately apprised of, certain risks and uncertainties the Company faces in conducting its business. An investor
should carefully consider the risks described below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K which could materially and adversely
affect the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are
also applicable to forward-looking statements contained in this Form lO-K and in other reports filed by the Company with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, and in management presentations delivered and press releases issued by the
Company. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements.
Risks Relating to the Company and Its Business
The Company’s business is highly cyclical and competitive, which may make it difﬁcult for it to market its
products effectively and proﬁtably.
The property and casualty insurance industry is highly cyclical and competitive, and individual lines of business
experience their own cycles within the overall insurance industry cycle. Premium rate levels are subject to many variables,
including the availability of insurance coverage, which can vary according to the level of capital within the industry. Increases
in industry capital have generally been accompanied by increased price competition. If the pool participants find it necessary
to reduce premiums or limit premium increases due to these competitive pressures on pricing, the Company may experience a
reduction in its profit margins and revenues and, therefore, lower profitability.
The pool participants compete with insurers that sell insurance policies through independent agents and/or directly to
their customers. These competitors are not only national companies, but also insurers and independent agents that operate in a
specific region or a single state. Some of these competitors have substantially greater financial and other resources than the
pool participants, and may offer a broader range of products or offer competing products at lower prices. The Company’s
ﬁnancial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by a loss of business to its competitors.
The reinsurance business is also highly cyclical and competitive. Employers Mutual, in writing reinsurance business
through its HORAD operation, competes in the global reinsurance market with numerous reinsurance companies, many of
which have substantially greater financial resources. Competition for reinsurance business is based on many factors, including
the perceived financial strength of the reinsurer, industry ratings, stability in products offered and licensing status. There is a
segment of the market that favors large, highly-capitalized reinsurance companies who are able to provide “mega” line capacity
for multiple lines of business. Employers Mutual faces the risk of ceding companies becoming less interested in diversity and
spread of reinsurance risk in favor of having fewer, highly-capitalized reinsurance companies on their program. If Employers
Mutual loses reinsurance business to its competitors, the Company’s ﬁnancial condition and results of operations could be
materially and adversely affected.
Similar to other industries, the insurance industry is undergoing rapid and significant technological and other change.
Traditional insurance industry participants, technology companies, "InsurTech" start-up companies, the number of which has
increased significantly in recent years, and others are focused on using technology and innovation to alter business models and
cause other potentially disruptive changes in the insurance industry. If management does not anticipate these changes, keep
pace with and adapt to technological and other changes impacting the insurance industry, it could harm the Company's ability
to compete, decrease the value of the Company's products to insureds and agents, and materially and adversely affect the
Company's business. Furthermore, innovation, technological change and changing customer preferences in the markets in
which the Company operates also pose risks to the Company's business.
The frequency and severity of signiﬁcant catastrophe and storm activity could adversely affect the Company’s
business, ﬁnancial condition or results of operations.
The Company's insurance operations expose the Company to claims arising out of catastrophic events. Common
catastrophic events include tornadoes, wind and hail storms, hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, explosions and severe winter
storms. If changing climate conditions result in an increase in the frequency and severity of weather-related losses, the
Company could experience additional losses from catastrophic events and destructive weather patterns. High levels of
catastrophe and storm losses could lead to changes in the reinsurance programs protecting the Company (including the
reinsurance coverage provided by Employers Mutual to the Company’s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries and the
reinsurance subsidiary). These changes could include increases in the amount of losses retained, increased pricing and
decreased availability of catastrophe reinsurance protection. Examples of such changes include increases in the pool
participants’ retention amounts on ceded contracts covering the pool business, and increases in the amount of losses retained by
the reinsurance subsidiary. Future increases in the cost of reinsurance protection, and/or the amount of catastrophe and storm
losses retained, could materially adversely aﬁect the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
38