ACCELERAT E COMMERCIAL INT ERC OMPANY REINSURANCE
AUTO PROFIT ABILIT Y PROGRAMS
The commercial auto line of business is a challenge. The new intercompany reinsurance agreement between
Increases in distracted drivers on the road and in miles EMCI’s three property and casualty insurance subsidiaries
driven due to lower gas prices have resulted in higher and EMCC was effective at the beginning of the year and is
loss frequency. When coupled with an increase in loss in place to provide additional protection against excessive
severity, these macroeconomic and industry trends offset catastrophe and storm losses. It performed as expected,
the beneﬁts we gained from the efforts of our commercial given the reported quarterly amount of catastrophe and
auto task force that was charged with improving the storm losses. EMC Reinsurance Company also enhanced
performance of this business. its existing intercompany reinsurance agreement with
EMCC and strengthened its protection from both the
More intensive work is required to turn this line around, so .
frequency and severity of catastrophe and storm losses. We
we took action by implementing the multiyear Accelerate . .
. . . ' expect our stockholders Will continue to beneﬁt from more
Commerc1al Auto Proﬁtabllity prOJect. It was developed . .
cons1stency in our quarterly results as the programs were
with the oal of returnin commercial auto to roﬁta ili
g g p b ty renewed for the 2017 calendar year.
by mid-2019. This would represent a big improvement to
our results, with incremental improvement anticipated
each year of the project. This comprehensive project
includes eight teams complementing local branch efforts,
each focusing on different opportunities to improve results
in areas such as pricing, claims handling and underwriting.
50 Most Trustworthy Financial Companies List by Forbes
For the third consecutive year, EMCI was listed among the 50 Most Trustworthy Financial Companies, announced by Forbes
in 2016. EMCI was previously listed among the Forbes 100 Most Trustworthy Companies in 2013."‘
*In 2014, MSCI ESG Research began compiling the 50 Most Trustworthy Financial Companies list separately from the Forbes 100 Most Trustworthy Companies list. To create the list,
MSCI ESG Research reviewed nearly 700 publicly-traded North American financial companies with market caps of $250 million or greater for the year ending December 2015. For more
information, go to http://www.iorbes.com/sltes/kathryndill/2016/08/02/amerlcas-50-most-trustworthy-financlal-companies-3/#5687140d567a.
Taking Action 5