The Company’s operations are integrated with those of Employers Mutual, the parent company, and potential
and actual conﬂicts exist between the best interests of the Company’s stockholders and the best interests of the
policyholders of Employers Mutual.
Employers Mutual currently owns shares of the Company’s common stock entitling it to cast approximately 55 percent
of the aggregate votes eligible to be cast by the Company’s stockholders at any meeting of stockholders. These holdings enable
Employers Mutual to control the election of the Company’s board of directors. In addition, one of the five members of the
Company’s board of directors is also a member of the board of directors of Employers Mutual. This director has a fiduciary
duty to both the Company’s stockholders and to the policyholders of Employers Mutual. The Company’s executive officers
hold the same positions with both Employers Mutual and the Company, and therefore also have a fiduciary duty to both the
stockholders of the Company and to the policyholders of Employers Mutual. Certain potential and actual conﬂicts of interest
arise from the Company’s relationship with Employers Mutual and these competing fiduciary duties. Among these conﬂicts of
interest are:
- the Company and Employers Mutual must establish the relative participation interests of all the participating insurers
in the pooling arrangement, along with other terms of the pooling agreement;
- the Company and Employers Mutual must establish the terms of the quota share agreement and the inter-company
reinsurance programs between Employers Mutual and the Company’s reinsurance subsidiary and property and
casualty insurance subsidiaries;
- the Company and Employers Mutual must establish the terms (including the interest rate, which is reviewed every
five years) of the surplus notes issued by the Company’s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries to Employers
Mutual;
- the Company and Employers Mutual must establish the terms (including the interest rate) of any inter-company loans
between Employers Mutual and any of the Company’s insurance company subsidiaries;
- the Company and Employers Mutual must make judgments about the allocation of expenses to the Company and its
subsidiaries and to Employers Mutual’s subsidiaries that do not participate in the pooling agreement; and
- the Company may enter into other transactions and contractual relationships with Employers Mutual and its
subsidiaries or affiliates.
As a consequence, the Company and Employers Mutual have each established an Inter-Company Committee, with the
Company’s Inter-Company Committee consisting of three of the Company’s independent directors who are not directors of
Employers Mutual and Employers Mutual’s Inter-Company Committee consisting of three directors of Employers Mutual who
are not members of the Company’s board of directors. Any new material agreement or transaction between Employers Mutual
and the Company, as well as any proposed material change to an existing material agreement between Employers Mutual and
the Company, must receive the approval of both Inter-Company Committees. This approval is granted only if the members of
the Company ’5 Inter-Company Committee unanimously conclude that the new agreement or transaction, or proposed material
change to an existing material agreement, is fair and reasonable to the Company and its stockholders, and the members of
Employers Mutual ’s Inter-Company Committee unanimously conclude that the new agreement or transaction, or proposed
change to an existing material agreement, is fair and reasonable to Employers Mutual and its policyholders.
The Company relies on Employers Mutual to provide employees, facilities and information technology systems to
conduct its operations.
The Company does not employ any staff to conduct its operations, nor does the Company own or, with one exception,
lease any facilities or information technology systems necessary for its operations. As a result, the Company is totally
dependent on Employers Mutual’s employees, facilities and information technology systems to conduct its business. There are
no agreements in place that obligate Employers Mutual to provide the Company with access to its employees, facilities or
information technology systems. In addition, the Company does not have any employment agreements with its executive
officers, all of whom are employed by Employers Mutual. These arrangements make it unlikely that anyone could acquire
control of the Company or replace its management unless Employers Mutual was in favor of such action. Any of these
arrangements could diminish the value of the Company’s common stock.
The Company depends on Employers Mutual's ability to attract and retain qualified executive oﬁicers, experienced
underwriting talent, and other skilled employees who are knowledgeable about insurance. Providing suitable succession
planning for such positions is also important. If Employers Mutual cannot attract or retain top-performing executive officers,
underwriters, and other employees, if the quality of their performance decreases, or if Employers Mutual fails to implement
succession plans for its key staﬁi Employers Mutual and its subsidiaries and affiliate may be unable to maintain their current
competitive position in the markets in which they operate and be unable to expand operations into new markets.
45