Illinois EMCASCO was formed in Illinois in 1976 (and was re-domesticated to Iowa in 2001), Dakota Fire was formed
in North Dakota in 1957 and EMCASCO was formed in Iowa in 1958, all for the purpose of writing property and casualty
insurance. EMC Reinsurance Company was formed in 1981 to assume reinsurance business from Employers Mutual. The
Company’s excess and surplus lines insurance agency, EMC Underwriters, LLC, was formed in Iowa in 1975 and was acquired
by the Company in 1985. Effective December 31, 1998, the excess and surplus lines insurance agency was converted to a
limited liability company and the ownership was contributed to EMCASCO.
Property and casualty insurance is the most significant segment of the Company’s business, totaling 77 percent of
consolidated premiums earned in 2016. The property and casualty insurance operations are integrated with the property and
casualty insurance operations of Employers Mutual through participation in a reinsurance pooling agreement. Because the
Company conducts its property and casualty insurance operations together with Employers Mutual through the reinsurance
pooling agreement, the Company shares the same business philosophy, management, employees and facilities as Employers
Mutual and oﬁers the same types of insurance products. For a discussion of the reinsurance pooling agreement and its benefits,
please see “Organizational Structure — Property and Casualty Insurance” below.
Reinsurance operations are conducted through EMC Reinsurance Company and accounted for 23 percent of
consolidated premiums earned in 2016. The principal business activity of EMC Reinsurance Company is to assume, through a
quota share reinsurance agreement, 100 percent of Employers Mutual's assumed reinsurance business, subject to certain
exceptions. EMC Reinsurance Company also writes a relatively small amount of assumed reinsurance business on a direct
basis (outside the quota share reinsurance agreement). For a discussion of the quota share reinsurance agreement and its
benefits, please see “Organizational Structure — Reinsurance” below.
The Company’s insurance agency, EMC Underwriters, LLC, specializes in marketing excess and surplus lines of
insurance. The excess and surplus lines markets provide insurance coverage at negotiated rates for risks that are not acceptable
to licensed insurance companies. EMC Underwriters accesses this market by working through independent agents and
functions as managing underwriter for excess and surplus lines insurance for the pool participants. The Company derives
income from this business based on the fees and commissions earned through placement of the business, as opposed to the
underwriting of the risks associated with that business.
Organizational Structure
Property and Casualty Insurance
The Company’s three property and casualty insurance subsidiaries and two subsidiaries and an affiliate of Employers
Mutual (Union Insurance Company of Providence, EMC Property & Casualty Company and Hamilton Mutual Insurance
Company) are parties to reinsurance pooling agreements with Employers Mutual (collectively the “pooling agreement").
Under the terms of the pooling agreement, each company cedes to Employers Mutual all of its insurance business, and assumes
from Employers Mutual an amount equal to its participation in the pool. All premiums, losses, settlement expenses, and other
underwriting and administrative expenses, excluding the voluntary reinsurance business assumed by Employers Mutual from
nonaffiliated insurance companies, are prorated among the parties on the basis of participation in the pool. Employers Mutual
negotiates reinsurance agreements that provide protection to the pool and each of its participants, including protection against
losses arising from catastrophic events. The aggregate participation of the Company’s property and casualty insurance
subsidiaries in the pool is 30 percent.
The Inter-Company Committees of the boards of directors of the Company and Employers Mutual approved a new inter-
company reinsurance program between the Company's insurance subsidiaries in the property and casualty insurance segment
and Employers Mutual for calendar year 2016. This reinsurance program is intended to reduce the volatility of the Company's
quarterly results caused by excessive catastrophe and storm losses, and provide protection from both the frequency and severity
of such losses. The reinsurance program consists of two semi-annual aggregate catastrophe excess of loss treaties. The first
treaty was effective from January 1, 2016 through June 30, 2016, and had a retention of $20.0 million and a limit of $24.0
million. The total cost of this treaty was approximately $6.3 million. The second treaty was effective from July 1, 2016
through December 31, 2016, and had a retention of $15.0 million and a limit of $12.0 million. The total cost of this treaty was
approximately $1.5 million. All catastrophe and storm losses assumed by the property and casualty insurance subsidiaries (net
of applicable reinsurance recoveries from external reinsurance protections purchased by the pool participants) were subject to
the terms of these treaties, and there was no co-participation provision.
All transactions occurring under the pooling agreement and the inter-company reinsurance program with Employers
Mutual are based on statutory accounting principles. Certain adjustments are made to these amounts to bring them into
compliance with US. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
3