The Company’s insurance subsidiaries must maintain adequate liquidity to ensure that their cash obligations are met;
however, because of the property and casualty insurance subsidiaries’ participation in the pooling agreement and the
reinsurance subsidiary’s participation in the quota share agreement, they do not have the daily liquidity concerns normally
associated with an insurance company. This is because under the terms of the pooling and quota share agreements, Employers
Mutual receives all premiums and pays all losses and expenses associated with the insurance business produced by the pool
participants and the assumed reinsurance business ceded to the Company’s reinsurance subsidiary, and then settles inter-
company balances generated by these transactions with the participating companies on a monthly (pool participants) or
quarterly (reinsurance subsidiary) basis.
At the insurance subsidiary level, the primary sources of cash are premium income, investment income and proceeds
from called or matured investments. The principal outﬂows of cash are payments of claims, commissions, premium taxes,
operating expenses, income taxes, dividends, interest and principal payments on debt, and investment purchases. Cash
outﬂows vary because of uncertainties regarding settlement dates for unpaid losses and the potential for large losses, either
individually or in the aggregate. Accordingly, the insurance subsidiaries maintain investment and reinsurance programs
intended to provide adequate funds to pay claims without forced sales of investments. The insurance subsidiaries also have the
ability to borrow funds on a short-term basis (180 days) from Employers Mutual and its subsidiaries and affiliate under an
Inter-Company Loan Agreement. In addition, Employers Mutual maintains access to a line of credit with the Federal Home
Loan Bank that could be used to provide the insurance subsidiaries additional liquidity if needed.
The Company maintains a portion of its investment portfolio in relatively short-term and highly liquid investments to
ensure the availability of funds to pay claims and expenses. A variety of maturities are maintained in the Company’s
investment portfolio to assure adequate liquidity. The maturity structure of the fixed maturity portfolio is also established by
the relative attractiveness of yields on short, intermediate and long-term securities. The Company does not invest in non-
investment grade debt securities. Any non-investment grade securities held by the Company are the result of rating
downgrades subsequent to their purchase.
The Company invests for the long term and generally purchases fixed maturity securities with the intent to hold them to
maturity. Despite this intent, the Company currently classifies fixed maturity securities as available-for—sale to provide
ﬂexibility in the management of its investment portfolio. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company had net unrealized
holding gains, net of deferred taxes, on its fixed maturity securities available-for—sale of $6.6 million and $20.0 million,
respectively. The ﬂuctuation in the fair value of these investments is primarily due to changes in the interest rate environment
during this time period, but also reﬂects ﬂuctuations in risk premium spreads over US. Treasuries. Since the Company intends
to hold fixed maturity securities to maturity, such ﬂuctuations in the fair value of these investments are not expected to have a
material impact on the operations of the Company, as forced liquidations of investments are not anticipated. The Company
closely monitors the bond market and makes appropriate adjustments in its portfolio as conditions warrant.
The majority of the Company’s assets are invested in fixed maturity securities. These investments provide a substantial
amount of investment income that supplements underwriting results and contributes to net earnings. As these investments
mature, or are called, the proceeds are reinvested at current interest rates, which may be higher or lower than those now being
earned; therefore, more or less investment income may be available to contribute to net earnings. Due to the prolonged low
interest rate environment, proceeds from calls and maturities in recent years have been reinvested at lower yields, which has
had a negative impact on investment income.
The Company held $12.5 million and $9.9 million in minority ownership interests in limited partnerships and limited
liability companies at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. During the 2016 and 2015, the Company invested $4.9
million and $4.0 million, respectively, in a limited partnership that is designed to help protect the Company from a sudden and
signiﬁcant decline in the value of its equity portfolio. During 2016, the Company's reinsurance subsidiary invested
approximately $6.6 million in a limited liability company as an investment that conveys renewable energy tax credits. After
reductions for the utilization of tax credits and a $209,000 impairment loss, the carrying value of this investment was
approximately $2.0 million at December 31, 2016. These investments are included in "other long-term investments" in the
Company's financial statements, with the limited partnership carried under the equity method of accounting.
The Company participates in reverse repurchase arrangements, involving the purchase of investment securities from
third-party sellers with the agreement that the purchased securities be sold back to the third-party sellers for agreed-upon prices
at speciﬁed future dates. The third-party sellers are required to pledge collateral with a value greater than the amount of cash
received in the transactions. In accordance with GAAP, the investment securities purchased under the reverse repurchase
agreements are not reﬂected in the Company's consolidated balance sheets, but instead a receivable is recorded for the principal
amount lent. The Company's receivable under reverse repurchase agreements was $20.0 million and $16.9 million at
December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The Company’s cash balance was $307,000 and $224,000 at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
86