From time to time, the United States Congress and certain federal agencies investigate the current condition of the
insurance industry to determine whether federal regulation is necessary. The Company closely monitors the activities of the
United States Congress and federal agencies through its membership in various organizations. In particular, our trade
organizations are working to monitor and ensure appropriate implementation of the federal terrorism risk insurance program, to
shape the activities of the Federal Insurance Office as it continues to evolve and exercise its authority to monitor the insurance
industry, to pass appropriate tax reform legislation, and to extend the judicial relief from the remand to an exemption for
property and hazard and homeowners insurance from application of the Department of Housing and Urban Development’s
Disparate Impact Rule. In addition, regulatory bodies in Europe are developing a new capital adequacy directive for insurers
and reinsurers. The viability of the recently announced covered agreement between the United States and European Union
remains in doubt, and the future impact of this and other such initiatives, if any, on the results of operations or financial
condition of the Company's reinsurance subsidiary cannot be determined at this time. The Company is unable to predict
whether, or to what extent, new laws and regulations that could aﬁect its business will be adopted in the future, the timing of
any such adoption and what effects, if any, they may have on its business, financial condition or results of operations.
Changes in U.S. federal tax laws could adversely affect the Company's ﬁnancial condition and results of
operations.
The Company is subject to U.S. federal tax laws, which may be changed in ways that could adversely impact the
Company. Recently, there has been significant debate about reform of the current U.S. Internal Revenue Code. For example,
federal tax legislation could be enacted to reduce the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate from the current 35 percent. If the
tax rate was reduced, the Company would accordingly reduce any deferred tax asset and would likely be required to recognize
a reduction in income in the period enacted. Other potential changes in U.S. tax laws may increase or decrease the Company's
income tax expense recognized in results of operations. The Company is unable to predict whether, and to what extent,
changes to U.S. tax laws would affect the Company's financial condition or results of operations.
The Company’s business may not continue to grow and may be adversely affected if it cannot retain existing, and
attract new, independent agents, or if insurance consumers increase their use of other insurance delivery systems.
The continued growth of the Company’s business will depend upon the pool participants’ ability to retain existing, and
attract new, independent agents. The pool participants’ agency force is one of the most important components of their
competitive position. To the extent that the pool participants’ existing agents cannot maintain current levels of production, the
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations will suffer. Moreover, if independent agencies find it easier
to do business with the pool participants’ competitors, it could be diﬁicult for them to retain their existing business or attract
new business. While the pool participants believe they maintain good relationships with their independent agents, they cannot
be certain that these independent agents will continue to sell their products to the consumers they represent. Some of the
factors that could adversely affect the ability to retain existing, and attract new, independent agents include:
- competition in the insurance industry to attract independent agents;
- the pool participants’ requirement that independent agents adhere to disciplined underwriting standards; and
- the pool participants’ ability to pay competitive and attractive commissions, profit share bonuses and other
incentives to independent agents as compensation for selling their products.
While the pool participants sell substantially all their insurance through their network of independent agents, many of
their competitors sell insurance through a variety of other delivery methods, including captive agencies, the internet and direct
sales. To the extent that businesses and individuals represented by the pool participants’ independent agents change their
delivery system preferences, the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely aﬁected.
The Company's continued success as an insurance company is substantially dependent on the reputation of EMC
Insurance Companies.
Management believes that one of the reasons independent agents and insureds prefer to purchase insurance from the pool
participants, team members choose Employers Mutual as a place of employment, and vendors choose to do business with
Employers Mutual is the reputation EMC Insurance Companies has built over 105 years. To be successful in the future,
management must continue to preserve, grow, and leverage the value of EMC Insurance Companies reputation. Reputational
value is based in large part on perceptions. While reputations may take decades to build, any negative incidents can quickly
erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse mainstream and social media publicity, governmental
investigations, or litigation. Those types of incidents could have an adverse impact on perceptions and lead to tangible adverse
effects on the Company's business, including loss of trust, loss of premium, loss of accounts, loss of agency contracts, or team
member retention and recruiting difficulties.
44