Employers Mutual’s ownership of the Company’s common stock and provisions of certain state laws make it
unlikely anyone could acquire control of the Company or replace or remove its management unless Employers
Mutual were in favor of such action, which could diminish the value of the Company’s common stock.
Employers Mutual’s ownership of the Company’s common stock and the laws and regulations of Iowa and North Dakota
could delay, or prevent, the removal of members of its board of directors, and could make a merger, tender oﬁer or proxy
contest involving the Company more difficult to complete, even if such events were beneficial to the interest of its stockholders
other than Employers Mutual. The insurance laws of the states in which the Company’ subsidiaries are domiciled prohibit any
person from acquiring control of it, and thus indirect control of its subsidiaries, without the prior approval of each such state
insurance department. Generally, these laws presume that control exists where any person, directly or indirectly, owns,
controls, holds the power to vote, or holds proxies representing 10 percent or more of the Company’s outstanding common
stock. Even persons who do not acquire beneficial ownership of 10 percent or more of the outstanding shares of the
Company’s common stock may be deemed to have acquired such control, if the relevant insurance department determines that
such control exists in fact. Therefore, any person seeking to acquire a controlling interest in the Company would face
regulatory obstacles, which could delay, deter or prevent an acquisition that stockholders might consider to be in their best
interests. Moreover, the Iowa Business Corporation Act, which governs the Company ’5 corporate activities, contains certain
provisions that prohibit certain business combination transactions under certain circumstances. These factors could discourage
a third party from attempting to acquire control of the Company and thus could have a negative impact on the value of the
Company's common stock.
Although the Company has consistently paid cash dividends in the past, it may not be able to pay cash dividends
in the future.
The Company has paid cash dividends to its stockholders on a consistent basis since 1982, following the initial public
offering of its common stock. However, future cash dividends will depend upon various factors, including the ability of the
Company’s subsidiaries to make distributions to it, which may be restricted by financial or regulatory constraints. Also, there
can be no assurance that the Company will continue to pay dividends even if the necessary financial and regulatory conditions
are met and if sufficient cash is available for distribution.
The Company may be adversely affected by foreign currency ﬂuctuations.
The Company's reporting currency is the US. dollar. A portion of the Company's assumed reinsurance business is
written in currencies other than the US. dollar. The Company may, from time to time, experience losses resulting from
ﬂuctuations in the values of foreign currencies, which could adversely affect the Company's financial condition and results of
operations.
47