Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Board of Directors and Stockholders
EMC Insurance Group Inc.
We have audited EMC Insurance Group Inc. and Subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). EMC Insurance Group Inc.
and Subsidiaries’ management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its
assessment of the eﬁectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report
on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control
over financial reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether eﬁective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, EMC Insurance Group Inc. and Subsidiaries maintained, in all material respects, eﬁective internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States), the consolidated balance sheets of EMC Insurance Group Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and
the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash ﬂows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2016 of EMC Insurance Group Inc. and Subsidiaries and our report dated March 6,
2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
Des Moines, Iowa
March 6, 2017
97