Claims Management
Effective claims management is critical to the success of the pool participants. To this end, the pool participants have
adopted a customer-focused claims management process that is cost eﬁicient, and delivers a high level of claims service that
produces superior results. The claims management process is focused on handling claims from their inception, accelerating
communication to insureds and claimants, and compressing the cycle time of claims to control both loss costs and claims-
handling costs. This process provides quality service and results in the appropriate handling of claims, allowing the pool
participants to cost-effectively pay valid claims and contest fraudulent claims.
The claims management operation includes adjusters, appraisers, special investigators, attorneys and claims
administrative personnel. The pool participants conduct their claims management operations out of 16 branch offices and four
service offices located throughout the United States. The home office claims group provides advice and counsel for branch
claims staff in investigating, reserving and settling claims. The home oﬁice claims staff also evaluates branch claims
operations and makes recommendations for improvements in performance. Additional home office services provided include:
complex claim handling, physical damage and property review, medical case management, medical bill review, legal coverage
analysis, a special investigative unit, litigation management and subrogation. Management believes these home oﬁice services
assist the branch claims personnel in producing greater eﬁiciencies than can be achieved at the local level.
Each branch office is responsible for evaluating and settling claims within the authority provided by home office
claims. Authority levels within the branch offices are granted based upon an adj uster’s experience and expertise. A branch
office must request input from home office claims once a case exceeds its authority level. The Senior Vice President of Claims
participates in a claims committee that exists within the home office. This committee meets on a weekly basis to assist the
branches in evaluating and settling claims beyond their authority level.
The pool participants manage litigated claims arising from value disputes and questionable liability, and will defend
appropriate denials of coverage. The pool participants retain outside defense counsel to defend such matters; however, internal
claims professionals manage the litigation process. The pool participants have implemented an internally developed litigation
management system that allows the claims staff to evaluate the quality and cost eﬁectiveness of outside legal services. Cases
are constantly reviewed to adjust the litigation plan as necessary, and all cases going to trial are carefully reviewed to assess the
value of a trial verses a settlement.
Loss and Settlement Expense Reserves
The Company's liabilities for losses and settlement expenses represent management's best estimate at a given point in
time of ultimate unpaid losses and settlement expenses for both reported and unreported claims. The estimates of the liabilities
for losses and settlement expenses include assumptions of future trends and claims severity, judicial theories of liability,
historic loss emergence and other factors. Because of the inherent uncertainties involved in the establishment of reserves for
less mature accident years, management’s reserving methodology for the current and more recent accident years utilizes
prudently conservative assumptions. During the loss settlement period, which may cover many years in some cases, the
inherent uncertainty associated with these accident years declines as the Company learns additional facts regarding individual
claims and potential future claims, and consequently it often becomes necessary to refine and adjust its estimates of
liability. The Company reﬂects any adjustments to its liabilities for losses and settlement expenses in its operating results in the
period in which the changes in estimates are made.
The amount of reserves for reported claims, known as “case loss reserves”, is primarily based upon a case-by-case
evaluation of the specific type of claim, knowledge of the circumstances surrounding each claim and the policy provisions
relating to the type of loss. Case loss reserves on assumed reinsurance business are the amounts reported by the ceding
companies.
Beginning in 2016, the amount of reserves for unreported claims, known as “Incurred But Not Reported (IBNR) loss
reserves”, is generally determined by subtracting paid loss amounts and the case loss reserves carried on reported claims from
the estimated ultimate loss amounts established by line of business and accident year. Prior to 2016, IBNR loss reserves were
determined on the basis of statistical information for each line of insurance with respect to expected loss emergence arising
from occurrences that had not yet been reported. Established reserves (for both reported and unreported claims) are closely
monitored and are frequently examined using a variety of formulas and statistical techniques for analyzing loss development, as
well as other economic and social factors.
Settlement expense reserves are intended to cover the ultimate cost of investigating claims and defending lawsuits
arising from claims. Reserves are established separately for expenses specifically associated with a claim (allocated) and
expenses not specifically associated with a claim (unallocated). To the extent that adjustments are required to be made in the
amount of loss reserves each year, settlement expense reserves are correspondingly revised, if necessary.
13