Deferred policy acquisition costs and related amortization
Acquisition costs, consisting of commissions, premium taxes, and salary and benefit expenses of employees directly
involved in the underwriting of insurance policies that are successfully issued, are deferred and amortized to expense as
premium revenue is recognized. Deferred policy acquisition costs and related amortization are calculated separately for the
property and casualty insurance segment and the reinsurance segment. The methodology followed in computing deferred
policy acquisition costs limits the amount of such deferred costs to the estimated realizable value. In determining estimated
realizable value, the computation gives effect to the premium to be earned, related investment income, anticipated losses and
settlement expenses, anticipated policyholder dividends, and certain other costs expected to be incurred to administer the
insurance policies as the premium is earned. The anticipated losses and settlement expenses are based on the segment’s
projected loss and settlement expense ratios for the next twelve months, which include provisions for anticipated catastrophe
and storm losses based on historical results adjusted for recent trends. Utilizing these projections, deferred policy acquisition
costs for the property and casualty insurance segment and the reinsurance segment were not subject to limitation at
December 31, 2016. Based on an analysis performed by management, the actuarial projections of the expected loss and
settlement expense ratios for the next twelve months would have needed to increase 17.8 percentage points in the property and
casualty insurance segment and 8.5 percentage points in the reinsurance segment before deferred policy acquisition costs would
have been subject to limitation. Such increases in the expected loss and settlement expense ratios would likely be driven by
many factors, including higher provisions for anticipated catastrophe and storm losses.
Deferred income taxes
The realization of the deferred income tax asset is based upon projections indicating that a sufficient amount of future
taxable income will be earned to utilize the tax deductions that will reverse in the future. These projections are based on the
Company’s history of producing significant amounts of taxable income, the current premium rate environment for both the
property and casualty insurance segment and the reinsurance segment, and initiatives that have been implemented recently to
improve performance in the commercial auto and personal lines of business. In addition, management has formulated tax-
planning strategies that could be implemented to generate taxable income if needed. Should the projected taxable income and
tax planning strategies not provide sufficient taxable income to recover the deferred tax asset, a valuation allowance would be
required.
Beneﬁt Plans
Employers Mutual sponsors two defined beneﬁt pension plans (a qualified plan and a non-qualified supplemental plan)
and two postretirement benefit plans that provide retiree healthcare and life insurance coverage. Although the Company has no
employees of its own, it is responsible for its share of the expenses and related prepaid assets and liabilities of these plans, as
determined under the terms of the pooling agreement and the cost allocation methodologies applicable to its subsidiaries that do
not participate in the pooling agreement.
The net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs, as well as the prepaid assets and liabilities of these plans, are
determined by actuarial valuations. Inherent in these valuations are key assumptions regarding the discount rate, the expected
long-term rate of return on plan assets, and the rate of future compensation increases (pension plans only). The assumptions
used in the actuarial valuations are updated annually. Material changes in the net periodic pension and postretirement benefit
costs may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions or changes in other factors, such as the number of plan
participants, the level of benefits provided, asset values and applicable legislation or regulations.
The discount rate utilized in the valuations is based on an analysis of the total rate of return that could be generated by a
hypothetical portfolio of high-quality bonds created to generate cash ﬂows that match the plans’ expected beneﬁt payments.
No callable bonds are used in this analysis and the discount rate produced by this analysis is compared to interest rates of
applicable published indices for reasonableness. The discount rates used in the pension benefit obligation valuations at
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were 4.07 percent, 3.90 percent and 3.57 percent, respectively. The discount rates used in
the postretirement benefit obligation valuations at December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were 4.21 percent, 4.42 percent and 4.04
percent, respectively. The discount rates used in the pension and postretirement benefit obligation valuations are also used in
the calculation of the net periodic benefit costs for the subsequent year. A 0.25 percentage point decrease in the discount rates
used in the 2016 valuations would increase the Company’s net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs for 2017 by
approximately $293,000. Conversely, a 0.25 percentage point increase in the 2016 discount rates would decrease the
Company’s net periodic pension and postretirement beneﬁt costs for 2017 by approximately $278,000.
73