The Company monitors interest rate risk through an analysis of interest rate simulations, and adjusts the average duration
of its fixed maturity portfolio by investing in either longer or shorter term instruments given the results of interest rate
simulations and judgments of cash ﬂow needs. The effective duration of the Company’s fixed maturity portfolio, excluding
interest-only securities, at December 31, 2016 was 5.2. Duration extended slightly during the year as interest rates increased.
The valuation of the Company’s marketable equity portfolio is subject to equity price risk. In general, equities have
more year-to-year price variability than bonds. However, returns from equity securities have been consistently higher over
longer time frames. The Company invests in a diversified portfolio of readily marketable equity securities. A hypothetical 10
percent decrease in the S&P 500 index as of December 31, 2016 would result in a corresponding pre-tax decrease in the fair
value of the Company’s equity portfolio of approximately $17.9 million. Management implemented an equity tail-risk hedging
strategy during 2014 to protect the Company from significant monthly downside price volatility in the equity markets. The cost
of this protection (recorded as a realized investment loss) totaled $6.3 million during 2016. This hedging strategy may be
discontinued in the future depending on market conditions and/or the cost of the protection.
Fixed maturity securities held by the Company generally have an investment quality rating of “A” or better by
independent rating agencies. The following table shows the composition of the Company’s fixed maturity securities, by rating,
as of December 31, 2016.
Securities available-for-sale
($ in thousands) (at fair value)
December 31, 2016 7 Amount Percent 7
Rating: 7 7 7 7
[ AAA $ 461,898 38.5%}
AA 346,075 28.9
[ A 313,401 26.1 ]
BAA 75,314 6.3
[ BA 2,799 0.2 l
B 1 —
[ CAA 211 — 1
Total ﬁxed maturities 7$ 1,199,699 * * 100.0%
Ratings for preferred stocks and fixed maturity securities are assigned by nationally recognized statistical rating
organizations ("NRSRO"). NRSRO rating processes seek to evaluate the quality of a security by examining the factors that
affect returns to investors. NRSRO ratings are based on quantitative and qualitative factors, as well as the economic, social and
political environment in which the issuing entity operates. For further discussion of credit risk and related topics (i.e., “other-
than-temporary” impairment losses, unrealized losses in the investment portfolios, and non-investment grade securities held by
the Company) see the section entitled "Investment Impairments and Considerations” within this Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Municipal fixed maturity securities, including taxable, tax-exempt and pre—refunded securities, totaled $335.8 million as
of December 31, 2016. Municipal securities are well diversified between general obligation and revenue bonds, as well as
geographically. The Company’s credit analysis of municipal securities is predominantly based on the underlying credit quality
of the obligor. Therefore, although a portion of the Company’s municipal securities are guaranteed by financial guaranty
insurers, reliance is placed on the underlying obligor to pay all contractual cash ﬂows. The ratings of insured municipal
securities generally reﬂect the rating of the underlying primary obligor. The average quality of the municipal fixed maturity
securities portfolio is Aa2/AA+ with over 99 percent of securities rated A3/A- or higher. Approximately $49.8 million of the
Company’s municipal securities have been pre—refunded, which means that funds have been set aside in escrow to satisfy the
future interest and principal obligations of the securities.
Prepayment risk refers to changes in prepayment patterns that can shorten or lengthen the expected timing of principal
repayments and thus the average life and the effective yield of a security. Such risk exists within the portfolio of mortgage-
backed securities. Prepayment risk is monitored regularly through the analysis of interest rate simulations. At December 31,
2016, the effective duration of the mortgage-backed securities, excluding interest-only securities, is 4.9 with an average life of
5.9 years and a yield to worst of 2.8 percent. At December 31, 2015, the effective duration of the mortgage-backed securities,
excluding interest-only securities, was 3.6, with an average life of 4.4 years and a yield to worst of 2.9 percent.
94