The proﬁtability of the Company’s reinsurance subsidiary is dependent upon the experience of Employers
Mutual, and changes to this relationship may adversely affect the reinsurance subsidiary’s operations.
The Company’s reinsurance subsidiary operates under a quota share reinsurance agreement with Employers Mutual,
which generated 22 percent of the Company ’5 net premiums earned in 2016. Under the quota share reinsurance agreement, the
reinsurance subsidiary assumes the voluntary reinsurance business written directly by Employers Mutual (subject to certain
limited exceptions). The reinsurance subsidiary also has in place an inter-company reinsurance program with Employers
Mutual. The reinsurance subsidiary primarily relies on these agreements and on Employers Mutual for its business. If
Employers Mutual terminates or otherwise seeks to modify these agreements, the reinsurance subsidiary may not be able to
enter into similar arrangements with other companies and may be adversely affected.
Through the quota share reinsurance agreement, the reinsurance subsidiary assumes the voluntary reinsurance business
written directly by Employers Mutual with unaffiliated insurance companies, and the reinsurance business assumed by
Employers Mutual from MRB, a voluntary underwriting association of property and casualty insurers in which Employers
Mutual participates. If Employers Mutual or the other participants of MRB discontinue or reduce the assumption of property
and casualty risks, the reinsurance subsidiary could be adversely affected. In connection with the risks assumed from MRB,
officers of the reinsurance subsidiary and Employers Mutual have reviewed the relevant underwriting policies and procedures,
however, no officer of the reinsurance subsidiary directly reviews such risks assumed at the time of underwriting. If Employers
Mutual or MRB are unable to sell reinsurance at adequate premium rates, or were to have poor underwriting experience, the
reinsurance subsidiary could be adversely affected. In addition, since MRB is structured on a joint liability basis, Employers
Mutual, and therefore the Company’s reinsurance subsidiary, would be obligated with respect to the proportionate share of risks
assumed by the other participants in the event they were unable to perform. The failure of the other MRB participants to
perform could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations.
Changes in key assumptions or a deterioration in the debt and equity markets could lead to an increase in
Employers Mutual’s employee beneﬁt plans' costs and a decline in the funded status, which could have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s ﬁnancial condition and/or results of operations.
Employers Mutual's employee beneﬁt plans' costs and funded status reﬂect the use of key assumptions regarding the
discount rate, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, and the rate of future compensation increases (pension plans
only). Changes in these assumptions could result in a significant decrease in the plans’ funded status and increase the future net
periodic costs associated with these plans. In addition, large declines in the fair value of the assets held in the plans could result
in a significant decrease in the plans’ funded status and increase the future net periodic costs associated with these plans. A
decrease to the plans' funded status could require Employers Mutual to make significant contributions to its employee beneﬁt
plans to maintain adequate funding levels, and the Company would be responsible for its share of these contributions under the
pooling agreement. The occurrence of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition
and/or results of operations.
The Company may not be successful in reducing its risks and increasing its underwriting capacity through
reinsurance arrangements, which could adversely affect its business, ﬁnancial condition or results of operations.
In order to reduce underwriting risk and increase underwriting capacity, the pool participants transfer portions of the
pool’s insurance risk to other insurers through reinsurance contracts. The availability, cost and structure of reinsurance
protection is subject to changing market conditions that are outside of the pool participants’ control. In order for these contracts
to qualify for reinsurance accounting and thereby provide the additional underwriting capacity that the pool participants desire,
the reinsurer generally must assume significant risk and have a reasonable possibility of a significant loss.
The reinsurance subsidiary assumes and cedes some selected reinsurance business through the quota share agreement in
connection with “fronting” activities initiated by Employers Mutual. Under these arrangements, an agreed upon percentage of
the selected assumed business is ceded to other reinsurer(s) on a pro rata basis. In addition, in 2016 the reinsurance subsidiary
began purchasing additional reinsurance protection from external parties for the assumed reinsurance business.
Although the reinsurers are liable to the extent they assume risk, the Company’s insurance subsidiaries remain ultimately
liable on all risks reinsured. As a result, ceded reinsurance arrangements do not limit the ultimate obligation to pay claims.
The Company’s insurance subsidiaries are subject to the credit risks of their reinsurers. They are also subject to the risk that
their reinsurers may dispute obligations to pay their claims. As a result, the Company’s insurance subsidiaries may not recover
on claims made against their reinsurers in a timely manner, if at all, which could have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
42