ITEM 9.: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
The Company, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the Chief Executive Officer
and the Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s “disclosure controls
and procedures” (as deﬁned in Rule 13a—15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered
by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Oﬁicer and the Chief Financial Oﬁicer concluded that the
Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely making known to them material information relating to
the Company and the Company’s consolidated subsidiaries required to be disclosed in the Company’s reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act.
The report called for by Item 308(a) of Regulation S-K is included in “Management’s Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting,” under Part II, Item 8 of this report.
The attestation report called for by Item 308(b) of Regulation S-K is included in “Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting,” under Part II, Item 8 of this report.
There were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter
ended December 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting.
ITEM 9B2 OTHER INFORMATION
None.
PART III
ITEM 10., DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CiORPORATE GQVERNANCE
The information required by Item 10 regarding the Company’s executive officers is included in “Executive Officers of
the Company” under Part I, Item 1 of this report.
The information required by Item 10 regarding the audit committee financial expert and the members of the Company’s
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption “Corporate
Governance - Information about the Board of Directors and its Committees” in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 25, 2017.
The information required by Item 10 regarding the Company’s directors is incorporated by reference from the
information under the captions “Election of Directors” and “Corporate Governance - Information about the Board of Directors
and its Committees” in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 25, 2017.
The information required by Item 10 regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated by
reference from the information under the caption “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in the
Company’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 25, 2017.
The Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to the Company’s principal executive ofﬁcer, principal financial
officer, principal accounting oﬁicer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. The code of ethics is posted on the
Investors section of the Company’s internet website found at www.cmcins.com. In the event that the Company makes any
amendments to, or grants any waivers from, a provision of the ethics policy that requires disclosure under applicable Securities
and Exchange Commission rules, the Company intends to disclose such amendments or waivers and the reasons therefore on its
website.
17 1