Change in personal lines operation
Effective January 1, 2016, Personal Lines Operations assumed responsibility for the growth and profitability of personal
lines business throughout the country. In connection with this change in oversight, management implemented new personal
auto and homeowners products that are expected to improve proﬁtability. The new products have been rolled-out in all
locations and have been well received by agents and policyholders; however, it will take some time before the anticipated
improvement in personal lines profitability begins to occur. In addition to the potential for improved profitability in the
personal lines of business, this change in oversight has allowed the 16 local branch oﬁices to focus their eﬁorts on commercial
lines of business, which accounts for approximately 92 percent of the property and casualty insurance segment's net written
premiums.
Commercial Auto Line of Business
The Company, like most of the insurance industry, has experienced a significant increase in both claims frequency and
severity in the commercial auto line of business in recent years. The industry is forecasting continued deterioration in the
commercial auto line of business in 2017, and management is forecasting similar deterioration in the property and casualty
insurance segment's results for this line of business if steps are not taken to improve profitability. The commercial auto line of
business represents approximately 25 percent of the property and casualty insurance segment's commercial business, so it is
imperative that profitability is restored to this line of business. Recognizing the importance of this issue, management
implemented an intensive, multi-year Accelerate Commercial Auto Profitability project during 2016, with a goal of returning
this line of business to profitability by mid—2019. While profitability is the end goal of this project, incremental improvements
in performance are expected in each of the next three years as the action plans developed by each of the eight teams charged
with returning this line of business to profitability are implemented.
Investing in innovation
Management is focused on finding innovative solutions and leveraging technology to create insurance-related solutions
that can set our agents apart, while benefiting policyholders. In late 2015, management formed a strategic analytics department
focused on utilizing high-quality data to make better decisions. Key priorities for this department include partnering with the
Company's 16 local branch offices to develop innovative products and services, improving claims fraud detection capabilities,
prioritizing claims resources and integrating a decision science discipline into the decision making process. During 2016, the
strategic analytics department undertook several initiatives, including the creation of an innovation lab, which is comprised of
team members who are empowered to collaborate, make quick decisions and take action to develop new and creative
insurance-related solutions. One of the first projects undertaken by the innovation lab was the development and introduction of
a telematics program, which is currently being piloted with select agencies. Management's approach to telematics has been
much different than other insurance companies, and has been well received by agents. Rather than focusing solely on
improving the Company's underwriting results, the focus has been directed towards agent diﬁerentiation and helping
policyholders lower their costs of doing business through improvements in fuel economy, uptime and driver retention. Other
projects being developed include a computer application to assist insureds in identifying and reporting hazards that can lead to
slip and fall accidents, a pilot program with schools that utilizes sensors to monitor and manage property risks using real-time
data, and a partnership with a start-up company that has developed patent pending wearable technology that monitors
environmental exposures to help identify and address safety risks in industrial workplace environments.
Catastrophe and storm losses
The Company's property and casualty insurance subsidiaries write a large portion of their business in the Midwest, and
therefore have exposure to wind, hail, and tornado losses caused by convective storms. Prior to 2013, the Company
experienced five consecutive years of above average catastrophe and storm losses, and experienced record levels of catastrophe
and storm losses in two of those five years (2008 and 2011). Due to the volatility of catastrophe and storm losses, the
Company's net income has historically varied significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. In an effort to reduce the
volatility of the Company's quarterly net income, management implemented a new inter-company reinsurance program
between the three insurance subsidiaries in the property and casualty insurance segment and Employers Mutual eﬁective
January 1, 2016. In addition, the inter-company reinsurance program between the Company's reinsurance subsidiary and
Employers Mutual was modified for 2016. It is expected that these new reinsurance programs will reduce the volatility of the
Company's quarterly net income caused by excessive catastrophe and storm losses.
57