Internal actuarial evaluations of the prior quarter’s overall loss reserve levels are performed each quarter for all direct
lines of business. There is a certain amount of random variation in loss and allocated settlement expense development patterns,
which results in some uncertainty regarding the estimated ultimate projections, particularly for longer-tail lines such as
workers” compensation, other liability and commercial auto liability. Therefore, the reasonableness of the actuarial projections
is regularly monitored through an examination of the assumptions underlying those projections.
As previously noted, one assumption underlying the reserve estimation process is that the inﬂation trends implicitly built
into the historical loss and allocated settlement expense development patterns will continue into the future. To estimate the
sensitivity of the estimated ultimate loss and allocated settlement expense payments to an unexpected change in inﬂationary
trends, the actuarial department derived expected payment patterns separately for each major line of business. These patterns
were applied to the December 31, 2016 loss and allocated settlement expense reserves to generate estimated annual incremental
loss and allocated settlement expense payments for each subsequent calendar year. Then, for the purpose of sensitivity testing,
an explicit annual inﬂationary variance of one percent was added to the inﬂationary trend that is implicitly embedded in the
estimated payment patterns, and revised incremental loss and settlement expense payments were calculated. This unexpected
inﬂation trend could arise from a variety of sources including a change in economic inﬂation, social inﬂation and, especially
for the workers’ compensation line of business, the introduction of new medical technologies and procedures, changes in the
utilization of procedures and changes in life expectancy. The estimated cumulative impact that this unexpected one percent
variance in the inﬂationary trend would have on the Company’s results of operations over the lifetime of the underlying claims
is shown below. A variance in the inﬂationary trend would also affect the Company’s financial position in that the Company’s
equity would be impacted by an amount equivalent to the change in net income. A variance of this type would typically be
recognized in loss and settlement expense reserves and, accordingly, would not have a material effect on liquidity because the
claims have not been paid. A one percent variance in the projected inﬂationary trend is considered reasonably likely based on
the range of actuarial indications developed during the analysis of the property and casualty insurance segment’s carried
reserves.
After-tax impact on earnings
from a one percent variance
($ in thousands) in the projected inﬂationary
Line of business trend
lPersonal auto liability $(83) to $84 ‘
Commercial auto liability (1,096) to 1,1 17
[Auto physical damage — to — 1
Workers' compensation (4,133) to 4,699
[Other liability (4,401) to 4,891 1
Property (290) to 298
[Homeowners (23) to 24 I
The Company uses standard actuarial methods to produce estimates of ultimate loss ratios by accident year and line of
business. Underlying each selection are explicit assumptions regarding the ultimate claim frequency and severity associated
with the selected ultimate ratio. As the assumptions are based on estimates made at a specific point in time, it is likely that the
ultimate claim frequency and severity experience, and, therefore, the ultimate loss ratio, will vary upwards or downwards from
prior estimates. The expected variation will be greater for less mature accident years, and decreases as each accident year ages.
This uncertainty is reﬂected in the unpaid loss estimates underlying the selected estimated ultimate loss ratios, which produce
the carried loss reserves. Assuming the unpaid loss estimates are unbiased, the cumulative impact on the Company's results of
operations of a one percent variance in the associated carried loss reserves over the lifetime of the underlying claims is shown
below. A variance in carried loss reserves would also affect the Company’s financial position in that the Company’s equity
would be impacted by an amount equivalent to the change in net income. A one percent variance in the unpaid loss estimates
underlying the selected ultimate loss ratio estimates is considered reasonably likely based on the range of actuarial indications
developed during the analysis of the property and casualty insurance segment’s carried loss reserves.
62