On a quarterly basis, the Company receives from its independent pricing service a list of fixed maturity securities, if any,
that were priced solely from broker quotes. For these securities, fair value may be determined using the broker quotes, or by
the Company using similar pricing techniques as the Company’s independent pricing service. Depending on the level of
observable inputs, these securities would be classified as Level 2 or Level 3 fair value measurements. At December 31, 2016
and 2015, the Company had no securities priced solely from broker quotes.
Essentially all securities in the Company’s investment portfolios have transparent pricing. All equity securities (with
two exceptions) are traded on national exchanges with observable prices. Fixed maturity securities are typically high quality,
liquid issues with daily pricing from the Company’s independent pricing source. Prices are validated through a variety of
techniques. When performing these validations, the Company uses graduated tolerance levels for determining exceptions.
Equity securities and US. treasury and government-sponsored agency fixed maturity securities have the highest transparency in
pricing, and therefore have the smallest tolerance levels for variance. These are followed by (in order of decreasing
transparency/increasing tolerance levels) mortgage-backed, corporate, municipal, and finally high-yield fixed maturity
securities. The validations performed include:
1. Comparisons of the prices reported by the independent pricing source to daily runs of offerings and bids from
several brokers for a sample of securities.
2. Comparison of the prices reported by the independent pricing source to prices realized from the Company’s own
purchase and sale transactions.
3. Comparison of the prices reported by the independent pricing source to prices from the Company’s investment
custodian. It should be noted that the independent pricing source used by the Company is often the same source
used by the Company’s investment custodian, thus limiting the confidence gained from this validation technique.
Rarely are the independent pricing source’s prices outside of tolerance levels. This is most likely to occur in less
frequently traded municipal fixed maturity securities, where the price reported by the independent pricing source may have
become stale due to a lack of recent trading activity. If it is believed that the price reported by the independent pricing source
does not reﬂect the quality, maturity, optionality and liquidity characteristics of the fixed maturity security, alternative pricing
sources are examined, including Bloomberg matrix pricing, regression pricing, and broker runs for oﬁering prices of similar
securities. A judgment is then made as to what price best reﬂects the characteristics of the security, and if the result is
materially different than the fair value reported by the independent pricing source for that security, then management’s
judgment of the fair value is used in the financial statements.
Investment I mpairments
The Company regularly monitors its investments which have a fair value that is less than the amortized cost for
indications of “other-than—temporary” impairment. Several factors are used to determine whether the amortized cost of an
individual security has been “other-than-temporarily” impaired. Such factors include, but are not limited to (l) the security’s
value and performance in the context of the overall markets, (2) length of time and extent the security’s fair value has been
below amortized cost, (3) key corporate events, and (4) for equity securities, the ability and intent to hold the security until
recovery to its cost basis.
The evaluation of an impaired fixed maturity security includes an assessment of whether the Company has the intent to
sell the security, and whether it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of
its amortized cost basis. In addition, if the present value of cash ﬂows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost
of the security, a credit loss is deemed to exist and the security is considered “other-than-temporarily” impaired. The portion of
the impairment related to credit loss is recognized through earnings, and the portion of the impairment related to other factors,
if any, is recognized through “other comprehensive income”.
When an equity security is deemed to be “other-than-temporarily” impaired, the amortized cost is reduced to fair value
and a realized loss is recognized through earnings.
72