The insolvency of Employers Mutual or its afﬁliate could result in additional liabilities for the Company’s
insurance subsidiaries participating in the pooling agreement.
The pooling agreement requires each pool participant to assume its pro rata share (based on its participation interest in
the pool) of the liabilities of any pool participant that becomes insolvent or is otherwise subject to liquidation or receivership
proceedings. Under this provision, the Company’s pool participants could become financially responsible for their pro rata
share of the liabilities of one or more of the Employers Mutual pool participants in the event of an insolvency, or a liquidation
or receivership proceeding involving such participant(s).
The Company is dependent on dividends from its subsidiaries for the payment of its operating expenses and
dividends to stockholders; however, its subsidiaries may be unable to pay dividends to the Company.
As a holding company, the Company relies primarily on dividends from its subsidiaries as a source of funds to meet its
corporate obligations and pay dividends to its stockholders. Payment of dividends by the Company’s subsidiaries is subject to
regulatory restrictions, and depends on the surplus position of its subsidiaries. The maximum amount of dividends that the
Company’s subsidiaries can pay it in 2017 without prior regulatory approval is approximately $52.7 million. In addition, state
insurance regulators have broad discretion to limit the payment of dividends by the Company’s subsidiaries in the future. The
ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends to it may be further constrained by business and regulatory considerations, such as
the impact of dividends on surplus, competitive position and the amount of premiums that can be written.
New pricing, claims, coverage issues, class action litigation, and technology innovations are continually emerging
in the property and casualty insurance industry, and these new issues could adversely impact the Company’s
revenues or its methods of doing business.
As property and casualty insurance industry practices, and regulatory, judicial and consumer conditions change,
unexpected and unintended issues related to claims, coverages and business practices may emerge. These issues could have an
adverse eﬁect on the Company’s business by changing the way the pool participants price their products, by extending
coverages beyond their underwriting intent, or by increasing the size of claims. The effect of unforeseen emerging issues could
negatively affect the Company’s results of operations or its methods of doing business. In addition, the advent of driverless
cars and usage-based insurance could materially alter the way that automobile insurance is marketed, priced, and underwritten.
Changes to existing accounting standards may adversely affect the Company’s consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
The Company is required to prepare its consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, as promulgated by
the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"), subject to accounting rules and interpretations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission. Accordingly, the Company is required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by these
authoritative bodies from time to time. It is possible that changes to the Company’s accounting policies resulting from the
adoption of future changes in GAAP, including an updated financial instruments standard issued in January 2016 and a new
credit losses accounting standard issued in June 2016, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s reported financial
condition and/or results of operations. The Company's signiﬁcant accounting policies are described in note 1 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Form lO-K.
Risks Relating to the Company’s Common Stock
Employers Mutual has the ability to determine the outcome of all matters submitted to the Company’s
stockholders for approval. The price of the Company’s common stock may be adversely affected because of
Employers Mutual’s majority ownership of the Company’s common stock.
The Company’s common stock has one vote per share and voting control of the Company is currently vested in
Employers Mutual, which owns approximately 55 percent of the Company’s outstanding common stock. Employers Mutual
must retain a minimum 50.1 percent ownership of the Company ’5 outstanding common stock at all times in order for the pool
participants to have their AM. Best financial strength ratings determined on a “group” basis. Accordingly, Employers Mutual
will retain the ability to control:
- the election of the Company’s entire board of directors, which in turn determines its management and policies,
- the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matter submitted to the Company’s stockholders for approval,
including mergers or other transactions providing for a change of control; and
- the amendment of the Company’s organizational documents.
The interests of Employers Mutual may conﬂict with the interests of the Company ’5 other stockholders and may have a
negative effect on the price of the Company’s common stock.
46