After-tax impact on earnings
($ in thousands) from a one percent variance
Line of business in loss reserves
[Personal auto liability 7 7 $(63) to $64 [
Commercial auto liability (584) to 596
[Auto physical damage (10) to 10 [
Workers' compensation (795) to 81 1
[Other liability (796) to 812 [
Property (228) to 232
[Homeowners (25) to 25 [
Similar to the loss reserving process, the Company uses standard actuarial methods to produce estimates of ultimate
ratios by accident year and line of business for allocated settlement expenses. Underlying each selection are explicit
assumptions regarding the ultimate claim frequency and settlement expense severity associated with the selected estimated
ultimate ratio. As the assumptions are based on estimates made at a specific point in time, it is likely that the ultimate allocated
settlement expense ratios will vary upwards or downwards from prior estimates. The expected variation will be greater for less
mature accident years, and decreases as each accident year ages. This uncertainty is reﬂected in the unpaid allocated settlement
expense estimates underlying the selected estimated ultimate ratios, which produce the carried allocated settlement expense
reserves. Assuming the unpaid allocated settlement expense estimates are unbiased, the cumulative impact on the Company's
results of operations of a one percent variance in the associated allocated settlement expense reserves over the lifetime of the
underlying claims is shown below. A variance in carried allocated settlement expense reserves would also affect the
Company’s financial position in that the Company’s equity would be impacted by an amount equivalent to the change in net
income. A one percent variance in the unpaid allocated settlement expense estimates underlying the selected estimated ultimate
allocated settlement expense ratios is considered reasonably likely based on the range of actuarial indications developed during
the analysis of the property and casualty insurance segment’s carried allocated settlement expense reserves.
After-tax impact on earnings
from a one percent variance
($ in thousands) in allocated settlement
Line of business expense reserves
[Personal auto liability 7 7 33(6) to $6 [
Commercial auto liability (66) to 67
[Auto physical damage (2) to 2 [
Workers' compensation (7 l) to 73
[Other liability (309) to 315 1
Property (32) to 33
[ Homeowners (3) to 3 [
One of the variables impacting the estimation of loss reserves is the assumption that the vast majority of future
construction defect losses will continue to occur in those states in which most construction defect claims have historically
arisen. Since the vast majority of these losses have been confined to a relatively small number of states, which is consistent
with industry experience, there is no provision in the loss reserve for a significant spread of construction defect claims to other
states. It is also assumed that various underwriting initiatives implemented in recent years will gradually mitigate the amount
of construction defect losses experienced. These initiatives include exclusionary endorsements, increased care regarding
additional insured endorsements, a general reduction in the amount of contractor business written relative to the total
commercial lines book of business, and underwriting restrictions on the writing of residential contractors. The estimation of the
Company’s loss reserves also does not contemplate substantial losses from potential mass torts such as Methyl Tertiary Butyl
Ether (a gasoline additive that reduces emissions, but causes pollution), tobacco, silicosis, cell phones and lead. Further,
consistent with general industry practice, the loss reserve for all liability lines does not provide for any significant retroactive
expansion of coverage through judicial interpretation. If these assumptions prove to be incorrect, ultimate paid amounts on
losses may differ substantially from the carried loss reserves.
63