Employees
EMC Insurance Group Inc. and its subsidiaries have no employees. The Company’s business activities are conducted by
the approximately 2,250 employees of Employers Mutual. EMC Insurance Group Inc., EMC Reinsurance Company and EMC
Underwriters, LLC are charged their proportionate share of salary and employee benefit costs based on time allocations. Costs
not allocated to these companies, and other subsidiaries of Employers Mutual outside the pooling agreement, are charged to the
pooling agreement. The Company’s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries share the costs charged to the pooling
agreement in accordance with their pool participation percentages.
Regulation
The Company’s insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation and supervision by their state of domicile, as
well as those states in which they do business. The purpose of such regulation and supervision is primarily to provide
safeguards for policyholders, rather than to protect the interests of stockholders. The insurance laws of the various states
establish regulatory agencies with broad administrative powers, including the power to grant or revoke operating licenses and
regulate trade practices, investments, premium rates, deposits of securities, the form and content of financial statements and
insurance policies, accounting practices and the maintenance of specified reserves and capital for the protection of
policyholders.
Premium rate regulation varies greatly among jurisdictions and lines of insurance. In most states in which the
Company’s subsidiaries and the other pool participants write insurance, premium rates for the various lines of insurance are
subject to either prior approval or limited review upon implementation. States require rates for property and casualty insurance
that are adequate, not excessive, and not unfairly discriminatory.
Like other insurance companies, the pool participants are required to participate in mandatory shared-market
mechanisms or state pooling arrangements as a condition for maintaining their insurance licenses to do business in various
states. The purpose of these state-mandated arrangements is to provide insurance coverage to individuals who, because of poor
driving records or other underwriting reasons, are unable to purchase such coverage voluntarily provided by private insurers.
These risks can be assigned to all insurers licensed in the state and the maximum volume of such risks that any one insurance
company may be assigned typically is proportional to that insurance company’s annual premium volume in that state. The
underwriting results of this mandatory business traditionally have been unproﬁtable.
The Company’s insurance subsidiaries are required to file detailed annual reports with the appropriate regulatory agency
in each state in which they do business based on applicable statutory regulations, which differ from US. generally accepted
accounting principles. Their business and accounts are subject to examination by such agencies at any time. Since three of the
Company’s four insurance subsidiaries and Employers Mutual are domiciled in Iowa, the State of Iowa exercises principal
regulatory supervision, and Iowa law requires periodic examination.
State laws governing insurance holding companies also impose standards on certain transactions with related companies,
which include, among other requirements, that all transactions be fair and reasonable and that an insurer’s surplus as regards
policyholders be reasonable and adequate in relation to its liabilities. Under Iowa law, dividends or distributions made by
registered insurers are restricted in amount and may be subject to approval from the Iowa Commissioner of Insurance.
“Extraordinary” dividends or distributions are subject to prior approval and are defined as dividends or distributions made
within a 12 month period which exceed the greater of 10 percent of statutory surplus as regards policyholders as of the
preceding December 31, or net income of the preceding calendar year on a statutory basis. North Dakota imposes similar
restrictions on the payment of dividends and distributions. At December 31, 2016, $52.7 million was available for distribution
to the Company in 2017 without prior approval. See note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8
of this Form 10-K.
Under state insurance guaranty fund laws, insurance companies doing business in a state can be assessed for certain
obligations of insolvent insurance companies to such companies’ policyholders and claimants. Maximum assessments allowed
in any one year generally vary between one percent and two percent of annual premiums written in that state, but it is possible
that caps on such assessments could be raised if there are numerous or large insolvencies. In most states, guaranty fund
assessments are recoverable either through future policy surcharges or offsets to state premium tax liabilities.
34