For the reinsurance segment, the December 31, 2015 estimate of loss and settlement expense reserves for accident years
2014 and prior decreased $21.3 million from the estimate at December 31, 2014. This decrease represented 10.8 percent of the
December 31, 2014 gross carried reserves and was attributed to several factors, including adjustments made in the offshore
energy and liability proportional account, a reduction in carried IBNR loss reserves that could no longer be justified and a
negative bulk IBNR loss reserve established for the MRB book of business. No changes were made in the key actuarial
assumptions utilized to estimate loss and settlement expense reserves during 2015 ; however, the accident year allocation factors
applied to IBNR loss reserves were revised during 2015. This change resulted in the movement of $1.0 million of reserves
from the current accident year to prior accident years, and hence, was reported as adverse development on prior years' reserves.
Development on prior years’ reserves resulting solely from changes in the allocation of bulk reserves between the current and
prior accident years does not have an impact on earnings.
2014 Development
For the property and casualty insurance segment, the December 31, 2014 estimate of loss and settlement expense
reserves for accident years 2013 and prior decreased $8.1 million from the estimate at December 31, 2013. This decrease
represented 1.9 percent of the December 31, 2013 gross carried reserves and was primarily attributed to better than expected
outcomes on claims reported in prior years and favorable development on prior years' settlement expense reserves. No changes
were made in the key actuarial assumptions utilized to estimate loss and settlement expense reserves during 2014, however, the
accident year allocation factors applied to IBNR loss reserves, bulk case loss reserves and the defense and cost containment
portion of settlement expense reserves were revised at December 31, 2014 as part of the annual review. This change resulted in
the movement of $2.2 million of reserves from the prior accident years to the current accident year, and hence, was reported as
favorable development on prior years' reserves. Development on prior years’ reserves resulting solely from changes in the
allocation of bulk reserves between the current and prior accident years does not have an impact on earnings.
For the reinsurance segment, the December 31, 2014 estimate of loss and settlement expense reserves for accident years
2013 and prior decreased $12.7 million from the estimate at December 31, 2013. This decrease represented 6.9 percent of the
December 31, 2013 gross carried reserves and was largely attributed to reported losses being lower than what was expected as
of December 31, 2014 for accident years 2012 and prior, and a reduction of IBNR loss reserves on older accident years because
the amount previously carried was no longer indicated in the actuarial analysis.
Following is information about reported incurred and paid claims development as of December 31, 2016, net of
reinsurance, as well as cumulative claim frequency and the amount of IBNR loss reserves carried. The information displayed
for assumed reinsurance is restated to reﬂect all foreign currency denominated transactions on the basis of current (December
31, 2016) exchange rates. The number of reported claims (cumulative claim frequency) for the Company’s direct insurance
business represents the total number of claims reported by the participants in the pooling agreement, and is determined on the
basis of each unique combination of claimant, specific policy coverage, and type of loss. This is in contrast to all other
reported amounts that are stated at the aggregate 30 percent pool participation percentage of the Company's property and
casualty insurance subsidiaries. The cumulative claim frequency for the Company’s assumed reinsurance business is not
readily available. Consistent with industry practices, bordereauxs on pro rata accounts often exclude claim frequency
information, and if it is included, the level of detail provided by the ceding companies can vary significantly. Excess of loss
contracts customarily report total losses subject to the treaty without detailed loss listings.
119