As an investor, EMC is funding the insurance technology Recent loss control innovations include:
startups accepted into the program. We have also
. . Walkway CheckSM
commltted staff and company expertise to mentor these
0 O 0 x.
startups through the critical early stages of growth to foster The average COSt Ofa Shp and fall mJury exceeds $12’000'
their success With the Walkway Check app, organizations can easily
identify and report hazards that lead to slip and fall
incidents—the leading cause of unintentional injuries in
the Un'ted States.
LOSS CONTROL INNOVATIONS 1
Sensors for Real-Time Monitorin in Schools
We have been an innovator of loss control services for the EMC bl h f dg 1 d
. . . . , ' ' ' H B ' ,
past 90 years. Early in our company’s h1story, we identiﬁed . m partnfers p Wlt art or Steam . 01 “er Starte a
the best way to control losses—prevent them before they pilot program in late 2016 that uses a monitoring system to
happen which is Why we invest more per dollar of premium help schools manage risks using real-time data. It features
in loss (:Omrol services than most of our competitors remote-operated sensors that monitor doors, temperature,
. humidi , vibrat'on and ater. If t ' d th '11
These value-added services are available to all commercial ty 1 t W nggere e seldsors WI
policyholders improve workplace safety an d potentially send alerts so policyholders can ﬁnd solutions to improve
’ . th ' k ° 1: f .
reduce future losses. Implementatlon of a strong loss elf wor enmronmen and 8a ety
control program could lead to a future reduction in their Makusafe Partnership
eOSt Ofinsuranee, While beneﬁting the independent agent Recognizing the potential beneﬁts offered from sensors
and EMC through improved underwriting results. These through real-time monitoring, EMC partnered with
setViceS PTOVide us With anOthet competitive advantage and MakuSafe in early 2017. MakuSafe is an innovative startup
differentiator in this complex business environment. that developed patenepending wearable teehnology that
monitors environmental exposures to identify risks in
industrial workplaces.
*Occupational Safety and Health Administration
( . ' _
‘ "i/ ‘
I z a a t _ \“\,\ f! 7!
t '- , / /
,1- " i.‘ t ’. ' 3
V x; .t._ I .\\\il'v a /
. ". v- t \ t "X {It/“f/