Accounts Receivable
The accounts receivable balance consists of assumed reinsurance premiums receivable (net of any commissions) on
business written directly by the reinsurance subsidiary, and commission income receivable on excess and surplus lines business
marketed by EMC Underwriters, LLC. These receivables are carried at their initial recognition amounts. It is the Company’s
policy to reﬂect the impairment of receivables through a valuation allowance until ultimately collected or charged-off. No
valuation allowance is currently carried, as no amounts are deemed impaired. No interest income, other fees, or deferred costs
related to these receivables are assessed or recognized.
Off-Balance-Sheet Credit Exposure
Employers Mutual collects from agents, policyholders and ceding companies all written premiums associated with the
insurance business produced by the pool participants and the assumed reinsurance business ceded to the reinsurance subsidiary.
Employers Mutual also collects from its reinsurers all losses and settlement expenses recoverable under the reinsurance
contracts protecting the pool participants and, starting in 2016, the additional reinsurance protection (see note 2) protecting the
reinsurance subsidiary, as well as the fronting business ceded to the reinsurance subsidiary. Employers Mutual settles with the
pool participants (monthly) and the reinsurance subsidiary (quarterly) the premiums written from these insurance policies and
the paid losses and settlement expenses recoverable under the external reinsurance contracts, providing full credit for the
premiums written and the paid losses and settlement expenses recoverable under the external reinsurance contracts generated
during the period (not just the collected portion). Due to this arrangement, and since a significant portion of the premium
balances are collected over the course of the underlying coverage periods, Employers Mutual carries a substantial receivable
balance for insurance and reinsurance premiums in process of collection and, to a lesser extent, paid losses and settlement
expenses recoverable from the external reinsurance companies. Any of these receivable amounts that are ultimately deemed to
be uncollectible are charged-off by Employers Mutual and the expense is charged to the reinsurance subsidiary or allocated to
the pool members on the basis of pool participation. As a result, the Company has off-balance sheet arrangements with an
unconsolidated entity that results in credit-risk exposures (Employers Mutual’s insurance and reinsurance premium receivable
balances, and paid loss and settlement expense recoverable amounts) that are not reﬂected in the Company’s financial
statements. The average annual expense for such charge-offs allocated to the Company over the past ten years is
$362,000. Based on this historical data, this credit-risk exposure is not considered to be material to the Company’s results of
operations or financial position and, accordingly, no loss contingency liability has been recorded.
Foreign Currency Transactions
Included in the underlying reinsurance business assumed by the reinsurance subsidiary are reinsurance transactions
conducted with foreign cedants denominated in their local functional currencies. In accordance with the terms of the quota
share agreement (see note 2), the reinsurance subsidiary assumes all foreign currency exchange gains/losses associated with
contracts incepting on January 1, 2006 and thereafter that are subject to the quota share agreement. The reinsurance subsidiary
also has foreign currency exchange gains/losses associated with the business assumed outside the quota share agreement. The
assets and liabilities resulting from these foreign reinsurance transactions are reported in US. dollars based on the foreign
currency exchange rates that existed at the balance sheet dates. The foreign currency exchange rate gains/losses reported in the
consolidated statements of income that resulted from these foreign reinsurance transactions are reported in US. dollars re-
measured from the foreign currency exchange rates that existed at the inception of each reinsurance contract. The foreign
currency exchange rate gains/losses resulting from these re-measurements to US. dollars are reported as a component of other
income in the consolidated statements of income.
Net Income Per Share - Basic and Diluted
The Company’s basic and diluted net income per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding during each period. As previously noted, the Company receives the current fair value
for all shares issued under Employers Mutual ’s stock plans. As a result, the Company had no potential common shares
outstanding during 2016, 2015 or 2014 that would have been dilutive to the calculation of net income per share.
109