Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The following fair value hierarchy prioritizes inputs to
valuation techniques used to measure fair value.
Level 1 - Unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the Company has the ability
to access.
Level 2 - Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets
or liabilities in inactive markets; or valuations based on models where the significant inputs are observable
(e. g., interest rates, yield curves, prepayment speeds, default rates, loss severities, etc.) or can be
corroborated by observable market data.
Level 3 - Prices or valuation techniques that require significant unobservable inputs because observable inputs are not
available. The unobservable inputs may reﬂect the Company’s own judgments about the assumptions that
market participants would use.
The Company uses an independent pricing source to obtain the estimated fair values of a majority of its securities,
subject to an internal validation. The fair values are based on quoted market prices, where available. This is typically the case
for equity securities and money market funds, which are accordingly classiﬁed as Level 1 fair value measurements. In cases
where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on a variety of valuation techniques depending on the type
of security. Fixed maturity securities, non-redeemable preferred stocks and various short-term investments in the Company’s
portfolio may not trade on a daily basis; however, observable inputs are utilized in their valuations, and these securities are
therefore classified as Level 2 fair value measurements. Following is a brief description of the various pricing techniques used
by the independent pricing source for different asset classes.
° US. Treasury securities (including bonds, notes, and bills) are priced according to a number of live data sources,
including active market makers and inter-dealer brokers. Prices from these sources are reviewed based on the
sources” historical accuracy for individual issues and maturity ranges.
° U.S. government-sponsored agencies and corporate securities (including fixed-rate corporate bonds and medium-
term notes) are priced by determining a bullet (non-call) spread scale for each issuer for maturities going out to forty
years. These spreads represent credit risk and are obtained from the new issue market, secondary trading, and dealer
quotes. An option adjusted spread model is incorporated to adjust spreads of issues that have early redemption
features. The final spread is then added to the US. Treasury curve.
° Obligations of states and political subdivisions are priced by tracking and analyzing actively quoted issues and
reported trades, material event notices and benchmark yields. Municipal bonds with similar characteristics are
grouped together into market sectors, and internal yield curves are constructed daily for these sectors. Individual
bond evaluations are extrapolated from these sectors, with the ability to make individual spread adjustments for
attributes such as discounts, premiums, alternative minimum tax, and/or whether or not the bond is callable.
- Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities are first reviewed for the appropriate pricing speed (if prepayable),
spread, yield and volatility. The securities are priced with models using spreads and other information solicited
from market buy- and sell-side sources, including primary and secondary dealers, portfolio managers, and research
analysts. To determine a tranche’s price, first the benchmark yield is determined and adjusted for collateral
performance, tranche level attributes and market conditions. Then the cash ﬂow for each tranche is generated (using
consensus prepayment speed assumptions including, as appropriate, a prepayment projection based on historical
statistics of the underlying collateral). The tranche-level yield is used to discount the cash ﬂows and generate the
price. Depending on the characteristics of the tranche, a volatility-driven, multi-dimensional single cash ﬂow
stream model or an option-adjusted spread model may be used. When cash ﬂows or other security structure or
market information is not available, broker quotes may be used.
On a quarterly basis, the Company receives from its independent pricing service a list of fixed maturity securities, if any,
that were priced solely from broker quotes. For these securities, fair value may be determined using the broker quotes, or by
the Company using similar pricing techniques as the Company’s independent pricing service. Depending on the level of
observable inputs, these securities would be classified as Level 2 or Level 3 fair value measurements. At December 31, 2016
and 2015, the Company had no securities priced solely from broker quotes.
136