Losses and settlement expenses
Losses and settlement expenses increased 4.4 percent to $386.9 million in 2016 from $370.7 million in 2015, and the
loss and settlement expense ratio increased slightly to 65.3 percent in 2016 from 65.0 percent in 2015. An increase in the
reinsurance segment's loss and settlement expense ratio was largely offset by a decline in the property and casualty insurance
segment's ratio. During the third quarter of 2016, management implemented a new reserving methodology for the
determination of direct bulk reserves in the property and casualty insurance segment, which impacted the process for
determining how reserve adequacy is measured, and how reserves are allocated by accident year. Due to the expansion of the
number of historical accident years included in the review process, the size of the range of reasonable reserves increased. The
actuarial analysis of the Company’s carried reserves at December 31, 2016 indicates that they are in the upper half of the range
of reasonable reserves. This placement in the range is lower than in previous years due to the range expansion associated with
the process change; however, exclusive of the process change, the adequacy of the carried reserves appears to be consistent
with prior evaluations.
The loss and settlement expense ratio for the property and casualty insurance segment decreased to 64.5 percent in 2016
from 65.3 percent in 2015. This decrease is primarily attributed to a significant amount of favorable reserve development
experienced on loss reserves and allocated settlement expense reserves in the workers' compensation and other liability lines of
business. The favorable development in the workers' compensation line of business was generated by decreases in the claim
frequency assumption for accident year 2015 and decreases in the claim severity assumptions for the five most recent accident
years. The favorable development in the other liability line of business was generated by decreases in the claim severity
assumptions for the last ten accident years. As previously noted, approximately $5.6 million of "mechanical" favorable
development was generated during the implementation of the new reserving methodology in 2016. This development did not
have any impact on earnings because it resulted from the movement of direct bulk reserves from prior accident years into the
current accident year, with no change in total reserves.
Other factors impacting the property and casualty insurance segment's 2016 loss and settlement expense ratio include an
increase in claim severity in the commercial auto line of business, and an increase in catastrophe and storm losses. Both the
commercial auto and personal lines of business continued to generate unfavorable results in 2016, posting loss and settlement
expense ratios of 84.2 percent and 72.8 percent, respectively. The industry is forecasting continued deterioration in the
commercial auto line of business in 2017, and management is forecasting similar deterioration in the property and casualty
insurance segment's results for this line of business if no additional steps are taken to improve profitability. Recognizing the
importance of this issue, management implemented an intensive, multi-year Accelerate Commercial Auto Profitability project
during 2016, with a goal of returning this line of business to profitability by mid—2019. Management continues to focus on the
implementation of its new personal lines strategy, and has completed the roll-out of the new personal auto and homeowners
policies in all states where personal lines business is written. Early indications are that the new policies have been well
received by agents and policyholders; however, it will take some time before profitability improves.
Catastrophe and storm losses accounted for 7.7 percentage points of the property and casualty insurance segment's loss
and settlement expense ratio in 2016, compared to 6.6 percentage points in 2015. The most recent 10-year average for this
period is 9.8 percentage points. The property and casualty insurance segment recovered $7.5 million of catastrophe and storm
losses under the new inter-company reinsurance program with Employers Mutual in 2016 ($5.0 million under the treaty
covering the period from January 1 through June 30, and $2.5 million under the treaty covering the period from July 1 through
December 31). Taking the loss recoveries received and the premiums paid to Employers Mutual into consideration, the new
inter-company reinsurance program with Employers Mutual reduced the catastrophe and storm loss ratio for 2016 by 0.5
percentage points.
The loss and settlement expense ratio for the reinsurance segment increased to 68.1 percent in 2016 from 64.1 percent in
2015. The loss and settlement expense ratio for 2015 reﬂects an unusually low amount of reported large losses (losses greater
than $100,000) and two large reductions in reported reserves for prior accident year events. A decline in catastrophe and storm
losses helped limit the increase in the reinsurance segment's loss and settlement expense ratio. The largest catastrophe and
storm loss incurred in 2016 was a $3.5 million loss stemming from the Alberta, Canada wildfire, while the largest loss incurred
in 2015 was $4.5 million ($4.1 million net of reinsurance recovery under the inter-company reinsurance program with
Employers Mutual) from the Tianjin, China explosion. No recoveries were made under the revised inter-company reinsurance
program with Employers Mutual during 2016. The decline in the total cost of the revised inter-company reinsurance program
with Employers Mutual produced a 1.4 percentage point decline in the loss and settlement expense ratio for 2016. This
reduction is reﬂected in the catastrophe and storm loss ratio, which declined to 9.3 percentage points in 2016 from 12.0
percentage points in 2015. The most recent 10-year average for catastrophe and storm losses is 13.0 percentage points.
80