Carried reserves established in addition to those reported by the ceding companies totaled approximately $70.7 million
at December 31, 2016. Since many ceding companies in the HORAD book of business do not report IBNR loss reserves,
Employers Mutual establishes a bulk IBNR loss reserve to cover the lag in reporting. For the few ceding companies that do
report IBNR loss reserves, Employers Mutual carries them as reported. These reported IBNR loss reserves are subtracted from
the total IBNR loss reserve calculated by Employers Mutual ’s actuaries, with the diﬂerence carried as bulk IBNR loss reserves.
Except for a negative bulk IBNR loss reserve established by Employers Mutual's actuaries in 2016 and 2015, and a small IBNR
loss reserve generally established to cover a one-month lag in reporting, the MRB IBNR loss reserve is established by the
management of MRB. Employers Mutual rarely records additional case loss reserves.
Assumed reinsurance losses tend to be reported later than direct losses. This lag is reﬂected in loss projection factors for
assumed reinsurance that tend to be higher than for direct business. The result is that assumed reinsurance IBNR loss reserves
as a percentage of total reserves tend to be higher than for direct loss reserves. IBNR loss reserves totaled $98.4 million and
$101.8 million at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and accounted for approximately 48 percent and 51 percent,
respectively, of the reinsurance segment’s total loss and settlement expense reserves. IBNR loss reserves are, by nature, less
precise than case loss reserves. A five percent change in IBNR loss reserves at December 31, 2016 would equate to $3.2
million, net of tax, which represents 6.9 percent of the net income reported for 2016 and 0.6 percent of stockholders’ equity.
As previously noted, the assumptions implicit in the methodologies utilized to establish reserves for the reinsurance
segment are stability in the mix of business, consistent claims processing procedures, immaterial impact of loss cost trends on
development patterns, consistent case loss reserving practices and appropriate Bornhuetter—Ferguson expected loss ratio
selections. The tables below display the impact on the Company’s results of operations from (1) a one percent variance in case
loss reserve adequacy from the level anticipated in the incurred loss projection factors, (2) a one percent variance in the implicit
annual claims inﬂation rate, (3) a one percent variance in IBNR losses as a percentage of reported incurred losses (due, for
example, to changes in mix of business or claims processing procedures) and (4) a one percent variance in the expected loss
ratios used with the Bornhuetter—Ferguson method. In other words, under each scenario, future loss and settlement expense
payments would be expected to vary from actuarial reserve estimates by the amounts shown below. These variances in future
loss and settlement expense payments could occur in one year or over multiple years. Variances in future loss and settlement
payments would also affect the Company’s ﬁnancial position in that the Company’s equity would be impacted by an amount
equivalent to the change in net income. Variances of this type would typically be recognized in loss and settlement expense
reserves and, accordingly, would not have a material effect on liquidity because the claims have not been paid. Such variances
are considered reasonably likely based on the range of actuarial indications developed during the analysis of the reinsurance
segment’s carried reserves.
The after-tax impact on the Company’s earnings under each scenario is as follows:
Reinsurance segment
($ in thousands) MRB HORAD
[(1) One percent variance in case loss reserve adequacy from the J
level anticipated in the incurred loss projection factors $(l 16) to $1 18 $(l,104) to $1,126
{(2) One percent variance in the implicit annual claims inﬂation rate (516) to 565 (4,588) to 5,192 I
[(3) One percent variance in IBNR losses from the level anticipated ]
in the loss projection factors (91) to 91 (633) to 633
[(4) One percent variance in the expected loss ratios used with the ]
Bornhuetter-Ferguson method (72) to 72 (875) to 875
To ensure the accuracy and completeness of the information received from the ceding companies, Employers Mutual ’s
actuarial department reviews contract years 1988 and subsequent every quarter, and all policy years on an annual basis. Any
signiﬁcant unexplained departures from historical reporting patterns are brought to the attention of the reinsurance department’s
staff, who contacts the ceding company or broker for clarification.
Employers Mutual’s actuarial department annually reviews the MRB reserves for reasonableness. These analyses use a
variety of actuarial techniques, which are applied at a line-of—business level. MRB staﬂ supplies the reserve analysis data,
which is verified for accuracy by Employers Mutual ’s actuaries. This review process is replicated by certain other MRB
member companies, using actuarial techniques they deem appropriate. Based on these reviews, Employers Mutual and the
other MRB member companies have consistently found the MRB reserves to be adequate.
65