[LETTER TC) (EUR
STGCKHGLDERS
' l ' ' ' W W ’7" ' For 2016, we reported a GAAP combined ratio of 97.7
' J 'y’tfif— N "\M percent, our third best in the past 10 years. Having been in
W KIN _ business for more than 100 years, EMC Insurance Companies
i has successfully navigated many market cycles and varying
, p economic conditions, so it was no surprise that we reported
" v.7; / '5? ) ( another proﬁtable year. Entering 2016 against the backdrop
7 ‘ l ' V of a challenging market, which included rate softening and
If ' increased competition pressuring both of our operating
L l . \ segments, we had to take action to lessen the impact on
/ , p I I, \ operations. We rely on our guiding beliefs of honesty and
r 7 ﬂ 7 W r r: _ 77 integrity, service, teamwork and continuous improvement
when we take action.
Bruce G. Kelley, J.D., CPCU, CLU
President, Chief Executive Ofﬁcer 8c Treasurer VALUED PARTNER F OR OUR
INDEPENDENT AGENTS
We market exclusively through the independent agency system
our goal is to Oﬁey ‘1 Vidl) because independent agents bring real value and knowledge
can 31' Stent expem'ence to 61/37:}; to the insurance process and can best represent their
customer and provide our c11ents’ interests. We rely on our agents to represent us and
promote our products and serv1ces to their clients. We select
StOCkhOZdeVS With exceptional independent agents who provide us with the opportunity to
value. And we know this doesn’t write proﬁtable business within our risk appetite.
juSt happen. It takes (15.17.0712 Our unique branch ofﬁce structure, with 16 full-service branch
dedication) innovation and (1 ofﬁces and 4 service ofﬁces located strategically throughout
vision to be the best the country, is ideal for cultivating close relationships With our
agents in the 41 states where we actively wr1te buSiness. Our
agents tell us that this is a true competitive advantage that sets
us apart. We are available in person, on the phone or online
anytime our agents need assistance or have questions.