ITEM 8.: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management of EMC Insurance Group Inc. and Subsidiaries is responsible for the preparation, integrity and objectivity
of the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements, as well as all other financial information in this report. The
Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with US. generally accepted
accounting principles and include amounts that are based on management’s estimates and judgments where necessary.
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, including
safeguarding of assets and reliability of financial records. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting, designed by
or under the supervision of management, includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of ﬁnancial statements in
accordance with US. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements. This control structure is further reinforced by a program of internal
audits, including audits of the Company’s decentralized branch locations, which requires responsive management action.
There are inherent limitations in the eﬁectiveness of any internal control, including the possibility of human error and
the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, adequate internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance
with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control
may vary over time.
Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on criteria
established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO criteria). Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of December 31,
2016, the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting.
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is comprised of three directors who are independent of the Company’s
management. The Audit Committee is responsible for the selection of the independent registered public accounting firm. It
meets periodically with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and the internal auditors to ensure that
they are carrying out their responsibilities. In addition to reviewing the Company’s financial reports, the Audit Committee is
also responsible for performing an oversight role by reviewing and monitoring the financial, accounting and auditing
procedures of the Company. The independent registered public accounting firm and the internal auditors have full and free
access to the Audit Committee, with or without the presence of management, to discuss the adequacy of internal control over
ﬁnancial reporting and any other matters which they believe should be brought to the attention of the Audit Committee.
The Company’s financial statements and internal control over financial reporting have been audited by Ernst & Young
LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. Management has made available to Ernst & Young LLP all of the
Company’s financial records and related data, as well as the minutes of the stockholders’ and directors’ meetings. Furthermore,
management believes that all representations made to Ernst & Young LLP during its audit were valid and appropriate. Their
reports with respect to the fairness of presentation of the Company’s financial statements and the effectiveness of the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting appear elsewhere in this annual report.
/s/ Bruce G. Kelley /s/ Mark E. Reese
7 Bruce G. Kelley 7 7 Mark E. Reese 7
President, Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
(Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
96