New Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
In May 2014, the FASB updated its guidance related to the Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 of the
ASC. The objective of this update (and other related following updates) is to improve the reporting of revenue by providing a
more robust framework for addressing revenue issues, and improved disclosure requirements. Current revenue recognition
guidance in US. GAAP is comprised of broad revenue recognition concepts together with numerous revenue requirements for
particular industries or transactions, which sometimes result in different accounting for economically similar transactions. This
guidance is to be applied retrospectively to annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early
adoption permitted as of the original effective date (annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2016). The Company will adopt this guidance during the first quarter of 20 1 8. Since premium revenue from insurance
contracts is excluded from the scope of this updated guidance, adoption is expected to have little or no impact on the
consolidated financial condition or operating results of the Company. The Company's largest non-premium revenue items are
service charges related to the billing of the pool participants' direct written premiums to policyholders, and commission income
on excess and surplus lines business marketed by EMC Underwriters, LLC, both of which are included in "Other income" in
the consolidated statements of income.
In January 2016, the FASB updated its guidance related to the Financial Instruments-Overall Subtopic 825-10 of the
ASC. The objective of this update is to enhance the reporting model for financial instruments to provide financial statement
users with more decision-useful information. The major change in reporting from this update that will impact the Company is a
requirement that equity investments (excluding those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that are
consolidated) be measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in net income. While all of the Company's
equity investments are already measured at fair value (with the exception of those that are consolidated and those that are
accounted for under the equity method of accounting), the Company currently classifies all of its investments in equity
securities as available-for—sale, and as such, the changes in fair value are currently recognized in other comprehensive income
rather than net income. This guidance is to be applied to annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2017, with recognition of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of
adoption. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company will adopt this guidance during the first quarter of 20 1 8. Adoption is
not expected to impact consolidated stockholders’ equity, but is expected to introduce a material amount of volatility to the
Company's operating results.
In February 2016, the FASB issued updated guidance in Leases Topic 842 of the ASC, which supersedes the guidance in
Leases Topic 840 of the ASC. The objective of this update is to increase transparency and comparability among organizations
by requiring recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet, and disclosure of key information about
leasing arrangements. This guidance is eﬁective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and is to
be applied using a modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is permitted. The Company will adopt this guidance
during the first quarter of 2019. Management continues to research this guidance, which thus far has lead management to a
preliminary determination that this update will not have a material impact to the Company's consolidated ﬁnancial condition or
operating results.
In June 2016, the FASB issued updated guidance in Financial Instruments-Credit Losses Topic 326 of the ASC. The
objective of this update is to provide information about expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments
to extend credit. Specifically, this updated guidance replaces the current incurred loss impairment methodology, which delays
recognition of a loss until it is probable a loss has been incurred, with a methodology that reﬂects expected credit losses
considering a broader range of reasonable and supportable information. This guidance covers financial assets that are not
accounted for at fair value through net income, thus will not be applicable to the Company's equity investments upon
implementation of the updated guidance described above for the Financial Instruments-Overall Subtopic 825-10. This
guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and is to be applied with a cumulative-
effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is eﬁective
(modified-retrospective approach). Early adoption is permitted, but only to fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018.
The Company will adopt this guidance during the first quarter of 2020. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this
guidance will have on the Company's consolidated financial condition and operating results.
2. AFFILIATION AND TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES
The operations of the Company are highly integrated with those of Employers Mutual through participation in a property
and casualty reinsurance pooling agreement (the "pooling agreement"), a quota share retrocessional reinsurance agreement (the
"quota share agreement") and inter-company reinsurance programs. All transactions occurring under the pooling agreement,
quota share agreement and the inter-company reinsurance programs are based on statutory accounting principles. Certain
adjustments are made to the statutory-basis amounts assumed by the property and casualty insurance subsidiaries and the
reinsurance subsidiary to bring the amounts into compliance with GAAP.
111