The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is developed considering actual historical results, current and
expected market conditions, the mix of plan assets and investment strategy. The expected long-term rate of return on plan
assets produced by this analysis and used in the calculation of the net periodic pension beneﬁt costs for the years ended
December 31, 2016 and 2015 was 7.00 percent and 7.00 percent, respectively. The expected long-term rate of return on plan
assets used in the calculation of the net periodic postretirement beneﬁt costs for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015
was 6.50 percent and 6.50 percent, respectively. The expected rate of return on plan assets to be used in the calculation of the
2017 net periodic benefit costs for the pension and postretirement benefit plans will be 7 .00 percent and 6.50 percent,
respectively. The actual rate of return earned on plan assets during 2016 was approximately 9 percent for the pension plan and
6 percent for the postretirement benefit plans. The expected long-term rate of return assumption is subject to the general
movement of the economy, but is generally less volatile than the discount rate assumption. A decrease in the expected long-
term rate of return assumption increases future expenses, whereas an increase in the assumption reduces future expenses. A
0.25 percentage point change in the expected long-term rate of return assumption for 2017 would change the Company’s net
periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs by approximately $272,000. For detailed information regarding the current
allocation of assets within the pension and postretirement beneﬁt plans, see note 12 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
In accordance with GAAP, actuarial gains/losses contained in the valuations that result from (1) actual experience that
differs from that assumed, or (2) a change in actuarial assumptions, is accumulated and, if in excess of a specified corridor,
amortized to expense over future periods. As of December 31, 2016, all of the benefit plans had accumulated actuarial losses in
excess of the corridor that will be partially amortized into expense in 2017. The Company’s share of the accumulated actuarial
losses that will be amortized into expense during 2017 amounts to $1.5 million. Prior service costs/credits for plan
amendments are also contained in the valuations, and are amortized into expense/income over the future service periods of the
participants. As of December 31, 2016, the postretirement benefit plans have prior service credits that are being amortized into
income in future periods, while the qualified defined benefit pension plan has prior service costs that are being amortized into
expense in future periods. The net amount of prior service credit being amortized into income during 2017 is $3.2 million.
In accordance with GAAP, the funded status of deﬁned benefit pension and other postretirement plans is recognized as
an asset or liability on the balance sheet. Changes in the funded status of the plans are recognized through other comprehensive
income.
74