For the HORAD book of business, paid and incurred loss development patterns for relatively short-tail lines of business
(property and marine) are based on data reported by the ceding companies. Employers Mutual has determined that there is
sufficient volume and stability in the reported losses to base projections of ultimate losses on these patterns. For longer tail
lines of business (casualty), industry incurred development patterns supplement the data reported by ceding companies due to
the instability of the development patterns based on reported historical losses.
For long-tail lines of business, unreliable estimates of unreported losses can result from the application of loss projection
factors to reported losses. To some extent, this is also true for short-tail lines of business in the early stages of a policy year’s
development. Therefore, in addition to loss-based projections, Employers Mutual generates estimates of unreported losses
based on premiums earned. The latter estimates are sometimes more stable and reliable than projections based on losses.
Disputes with ceding companies do not occur often. Employers Mutual performs claims audits and encourages prompt
reporting of reinsurance claims. Employers Mutual also reviews claim reports for accuracy, completeness and adequate
reserving. Most reinsurance contracts contain arbitration clauses to resolve disputes, but such disputes are generally resolved
without arbitration due to the long-term and ongoing relationships that exist with those companies. There were no matters in
dispute at December 31, 2016.
Toxic tort (primarily asbestos), environmental and other uncertain exposures (property and casualty insurance segment and
reinsurance segment;
Toxic tort claims include those where the claimant seeks compensation for harm allegedly caused by exposure to a toxic
substance or a substance that increases the risk of contracting a serious disease, such as cancer. Typically the injury is caused
by latent effects of direct or indirect exposure to a substance or combination of substances through absorption, contact,
ingestion, inhalation, implantation or injection. Examples of toxic tort claims include injuries arising out of exposure to
asbestos, silica, mold, drugs, carbon monoxide, chemicals and lead.
Since 1989, the pool participants have included an asbestos exclusion in liability policies issued for most lines of
business. The exclusion prohibits liability coverage for “bodily injury”, “personal injury” or “property damage” (including any
associated clean-up obligations) arising out of the installation, existence, removal or disposal of asbestos or any substance
containing asbestos fibers. Therefore, the pool participants’ current asbestos exposures are primarily limited to commercial
policies issued prior to 1989. At present, the pool participants are defending approximately 1,856 asbestos bodily injury
lawsuits, some of which involve multiple plaintiffs. Claims activity associated with eight policyholders dominates the pool
participants’ asbestos claims, representing an aggregate 1,812 lawsuits with 2,074 claimants. Most of the lawsuits are subject
to express reservation of rights based upon the lack of an injury within the applicable policy periods, because many asbestos
lawsuits do not specifically allege dates of asbestos exposure or dates of injury. The pool participants’ policyholders named as
defendants in these asbestos lawsuits are typically peripheral defendants who have little or no exposure and are often dismissed
from asbestos litigation with nominal or no payment (i.e., small contractors, supply companies, and a furnace manufacturer).
Prior to 2008, actual losses paid for asbestos-related claims had been minimal due to the plaintiffs’ failure to identify an
exposure to any asbestos-containing products associated with the pool participants’ current and former policyholders.
However, paid losses and settlement expenses have increased significantly since 2008 as a result of claims attributed to one
former policyholder. During the period 2009 through 2016, the Company's share of paid losses and settlement expenses
attributed to this former policyholder, a furnace manufacturer, was $11.2 million (mostly settlement expenses). The asbestos
exposure associated with this former policyholder has increased in recent years, and this trend may possibly continue into the
future with increased per plaintiff settlements. Settlement expense payments associated with this former policyholder have
increased significantly since 2008 and have been a driver behind recently implemented reserve increases. The primary cause of
this increase in paid settlement expenses is the retention of a national coordinating counsel in 2008 due to this former
policyholder’s exposure in numerous jurisdictions. The national coordinating counsel has provided, and continues to provide,
significant services in the areas of document review, discovery, deposition and trial preparation. Approximately 728 asbestos
exposure claims associated with this former policyholder remain open. Whenever possible, the pool participants have
participated in cost sharing agreements with other insurance companies to reduce overall expenses.
The pool participants are defending approximately 70 claim files as a result of lawsuits alleging “silica” exposure in
Texas and Mississippi jurisdictions, some of which involve multiple plaintiffs. The plaintiffs allege employment exposure to
“airborne respirable silica dust,” causing “serious and permanent lung injuries” (i.e., silicosis). Silicosis injuries are identified
in the upper lobes of the lungs, while asbestos injuries are localized in the lower lobes.
66