The following table sets forth the geographic distribution of the aggregate direct premiums written by all parties to the
pooling agreement for the three years ended December 31, 2016.
7 Year ended December 31, 7
2016 2015 2014
[Illinois 4.2% 4.2% 43%]‘
Iowa 12.5 13.0 13.3
[Kansas 8.0 8.5 9.2 I
Michigan 4.9 4.6 4.3
{Minnesota 5.1 4.7 4.6 I
Nebraska 5.4 5.3 5.2
[North Carolina 3.5 3.1 2.8 ]
Texas 4.3 4.1 3.9
[Wisconsin 5.9 5.6 5 .4 I
Other * 7 46.2 7 7 46.9 7 7 47.0 7
l T 100.0% 7, 100.0% 7, 100.0%}
* Includes all other jurisdictions, none of which accounted for more than 3 percent.
Reinsurance
The reinsurance subsidiary currently obtains 95 percent of its business from Employers Mutual through the quota share
agreement, and writes 5 percent directly. The reinsurance subsidiary relies on the financial strength of Employers Mutual to
write reinsurance business, as well as the competitive advantage that Employers Mutual has by virtue of being licensed in all 50
states and the District of Columbia. Reinsurance marketing is undertaken by Employers Mutual in its role as the direct writer
of the reinsurance business; however, the reinsurance subsidiary is utilized in the marketing eﬁorts to help differentiate the
reinsurance business from the direct insurance business that is written by Employers Mutual and the other pool participants.
The reinsurance business is derived from two sources. Approximately 84 percent of the reinsurance subsidiary’s
assumed reinsurance premiums written in 2016 were generated through the activities of Employers Mutual’s Home Office
Reinsurance Assumed Department (also known as “HORAD”). The reinsurance business written by HORAD is primarily
generated through independent intermediaries. The risks assumed through HORAD are directly underwritten by Employers
Mutual. As such, Employers Mutual has discretion with respect to the type and size of risks which it assumes and services
through these activities. Since the reinsurance subsidiary utilizes Employers Mutual ’s underwriting personnel and systems to
process its direct business, HORAD also includes the business written directly by the reinsurance subsidiary.
The remaining 16 percent of the reinsurance subsidiary’s assumed reinsurance premiums written in 2016 were generated
through Employers Mutual’s participation in MRB, an unincorporated association through which Employers Mutual and four
other unaﬁiliated insurance companies participate in a voluntary reinsurance pool to meet the reinsurance needs of small and
medium-sized, unaffiliated mutual insurance companies. Employers Mutual has participated in MRB since 1957. MRB is
controlled by a board of directors composed of the five member companies, including one representative designated by
Employers Mutual. As a member of this organization, Employers Mutual assumes its proportionate share of the risks assumed
by MRB from unaffiliated insurers. Since MRB is structured on a joint liability basis, Employers Mutual, and therefore the
Company’s reinsurance subsidiary, would be obligated with respect to the proportionate share of risks assumed by the other
participants in the event they were unable to perform. MRB, which is operated by an independent management team, manages
assumed risks through typical underwriting practices, including loss exposure controls provided through reinsurance coverage
obtained for the benefit of MRB. The reinsurance risks for MRB arise primarily from the Northeast and Midwest markets.
Underwriting of risks and pricing of coverage is performed by MRB management under general guidelines established by
Employers Mutual and the other participating insurers. Except for this general oversight, Employers Mutual has only limited
control over the risks assumed by, and the operating results of, MRB. Because of the joint liability structure, MRB
participating companies must generally maintain a rating of “A-” (Excellent) or above from AM. Best Company, Inc. and meet
certain other standards. During 2012, the rating of one of the members was reduced to "B++". The other four participating
companies continue to monitor the financial strength of this member, and have determined that removal of this member is not
warranted at this time.
9