One of the distinguishing features of the property and casualty insurance industry is that its products are priced before
the costs are known, as premium rates are generally determined before losses are reported. Accordingly, the pool participants
must establish premium rates from forecasts of the ultimate costs they expect to incur from risks underwritten during the policy
period, and premiums may not be adequate to cover the ultimate losses incurred. Further, the pool participants must establish
reserves for losses and settlement expenses based upon estimates involving actuarial and statistical projections of expected
ultimate liability at a given time, and it is possible that the ultimate liability will exceed these estimates because of the future
development of known losses, the existence of losses that have occurred but are currently unreported, or larger than expected
settlements on pending and unreported claims. Prior to the end of each quarter, Employers Mutual's actuaries review the
adequacy of the pool's previous quarter's reserves for the various lines of business underwritten and these reviews have in the
past, and may in the future, indicate that additional reserves are necessary to adequately cover anticipated losses and settlement
expenses. The process of estimating reserves is inherently judgmental and can be inﬂuenced by factors that are subject to
variation. If the premium rates or reserves established are not suﬁicient, the Company’s business, financial condition and/or
results of operations may be adversely impacted.
The Company's results are also subject to the expenses incurred by its subsidiaries and the other pool participants. One
of the metrics used to evaluate property and casualty insurance companies is the underwriting expense ratio. This ratio weighs
earned premiums against expenses. Underwriting and administrative expenses should be kept within an acceptable range. This
range must be determined and managed with both a short term and long term outlook with regards to premium levels, the
underwriting cycle, industry benchmarks, internal trends, and the annual corporate budgeting process. Pursuant to the terms of
the pooling agreement, underwriting and administrative expenses are prorated between the participants in the pool. Thus, if the
Company's subsidiaries or other pool participants fail to control underwriting or administrative expenses, the Company's
financial condition or results of operation could suffer.
An increase in asbestos and environmental claims could have a material adverse effect on the Company's
ﬁnancial condition or results of operations.
The Company has exposure to asbestos and environmental claims arising primarily from the other liability line of
business written by the parties to the pooling agreement, as well as the pro rata and excess of loss business assumed by the
reinsurance subsidiary. These exposures are closely monitored by management and reserves have been established to cover
estimated ultimate losses. Estimating loss and settlement expense reserves for asbestos and environmental claims is very
difficult due to the many uncertainties surrounding these types of claims, such as whether coverage exists, the definition of an
occurrence, determination of ultimate damages and the assignment of damages to the responsible parties. These uncertainties
are compounded by the fact that claims typically emerge long after a policy has expired. It is possible that the ultimate liability
for these exposures may increase significantly as a result of the settlement of lawsuits or the receipt of additional claims, which
could have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and/or results of operations.
The Company’s investment portfolio is subject to economic loss, principally from changes in the market value of
ﬁnancial instruments.
The Company had fixed maturity investments with a fair value of $1.2 billion at December 31, 2016 that are subject to:
- market risk, which is the risk that the Company’s invested assets will decrease in value due to:
- an increase in interest rates or a change in the prevailing market yields on its investments,
- an unfavorable change in the liquidity of an investment, or
- an unfavorable change in the financial prospects, or a downgrade in the credit rating, of the issuer of an
investment;
- reinvestment risk, which is the risk that interest rates will decline and funds reinvested will earn less investment
income than previously earned, and
- liquidity risk, which is the risk that the Company may have to sell assets at an undesirable time and/or price to
provide cash for the payment of claims.
The Company maintains a well diversified portfolio of fixed maturity securities in an attempt to manage market,
reinvestment and liquidity risk. The Company primarily pursues a buy and hold strategy for fixed maturity investments. Fixed
maturity securities are purchased as new funds become available to the portfolio. This strategy has a laddering effect on
portfolio maturities that mitigates some of the effects of adverse interest rate movements.
40