The pool participants currently conduct business in all 50 states and the District of Columbia, with a large
portion of business in the Midwest. The occurrence of catastrophes, or other conditions affecting losses in this
region, could adversely affect the Company’s business, ﬁnancial condition or results of operations.
In 2016, 69 percent of the pool participant’s direct premiums written were generated through ten Midwest branch offices,
with 13 percent of the direct premiums written generated in Iowa. While the pool participants actively manage their exposure
to catastrophes through their underwriting process and the purchase of third-party reinsurance, a single catastrophic occurrence,
destructive weather pattern, changing climate conditions, general economic trend, terrorist attack, regulatory development or
any other condition affecting the states in which the pool participants conduct substantial business could materially adversely
affect the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations. Moreover, the Company’s revenues and
profitability are aﬁected by the prevailing regulatory, economic, demographic, competitive and other conditions in these
states. Changes in any of these conditions could make it more costly or more difficult for the pool participants to conduct their
business. Adverse regulatory developments in these states could include reductions in the maximum rates permitted to be
charged, restrictions on rate increases, or fundamental changes to the design or operation of the regulatory framework, and any
of these could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
The Company cannot predict the impact that changing climate conditions, including legal, regulatory, and social
responses thereto, may have on the Company’s business, ﬁnancial condition or results of operations.
Some scientists, environmentalists, and other experts believe that changing climate conditions have added to the
unpredictability, frequency, and severity of weather-related losses. If climate conditions are changing and affecting weather
patterns, the Company could experience additional losses from catastrophic events and destructive weather patterns. The
Company cannot predict the impact that changing climate conditions, if any, will have on the Company’s business, financial
condition or results of operations. It is also possible that legal, regulatory and social responses to climate change could have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
Losses related to a terrorist attack could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, ﬁnancial
condition or results of operations.
Terrorist attacks could cause significant losses from insurance claims related to the property and casualty insurance
operations of the pool participants and the reinsurance operations of the Company’s reinsurance subsidiary, and have a material
adverse impact on the Company ’5 business, financial condition or results of operations. The TRIA Reauthorization Act
requires that some coverage for terrorism losses be oﬁered by primary property and casualty insurers, and provides federal
assistance for recovery of a portion of claims incurred (effective through December 31, 2020). While the pool participants are
protected by this federally funded terrorism reinsurance with respect to claims under most commercial insurance products, the
pool participants are prohibited from adding terrorism exclusions to the commercial lines policies they write, and a substantial
deductible must be met before the TRIA Reauthorization Act provides coverage to the pool. The pool participants’ personal
lines products do not provide terrorism coverage. The pool participants have underlying reinsurance coverage to partially cover
the TRIA Reauthorization Act deductible, but the Company can oﬁer no assurances that the threats or actual occurrence of
future terrorist-like events in the United States and abroad, or military actions by the United States, will not have a material
adverse eﬁect on its business, financial condition or results of operations.
The Company’s results of operations could suffer if the pool participants were to forecast future losses
inaccurately, experience unusually severe or frequent losses, inadequately price their insurance products, or fail
to control expenses.
The Company’s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries participate in a pooling agreement under which they share
the underwriting results of the property and casualty insurance business written by all the pool participants (excluding certain
assumed reinsurance business). Because of the pooled business the Company is allocated, the insurance operations of the
Company’s pool participants are integrated with the insurance operations of the Employers Mutual pool participants, and the
Company’s results of operations depend upon the forecasts, pricing and underwriting results of the Employers Mutual pool
participants. Although the pool is intended to produce a more uniform and stable underwriting result from year to year for the
participants than they would experience separately by spreading the risk of losses among the participants, if any of the pool
participants experience unusually severe or frequent losses or do not adequately price their insurance products, the Company’s
business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer.
39