Management evaluates the Company’s operations by monitoring key measures of growth and profitability. Management
measures the Company’s growth by examining direct premiums written and, perhaps more importantly, premiums written
assumed from affiliates. Management generally measures the Company’s operating results by examining the Company’s net
income and return on equity, as well as the loss and settlement expense, acquisition expense and combined ratios. The
following provides further explanation of the key measures management uses to evaluate the Company’s results:
Direct Premiums Written. Direct premiums written is the sum of the total policy premiums, net of cancellations,
associated with policies underwritten and issued by the Company’s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries. These direct
premiums written are transferred to Employers Mutual under the terms of the pooling agreement and are reﬂected in the
Company’s consolidated ﬁnancial statements as premiums written ceded to affiliates. See note 3 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements.
Premiums Written Assumed From Aﬁliates and Premiums Written Assumed From Nonafﬁliates. For the property and
casualty insurance segment, premiums written assumed from affiliates and nonaffiliates reﬂects the property and casualty
insurance subsidiaries’ aggregate 30 percent participation interest in 1) the total direct premiums written by all the participants
in the pooling arrangement, and 2) the involuntary business assumed by the pool participants pursuant to state law, respectively.
For the reinsurance segment, premiums written assumed from nonaﬂiliates reﬂects the reinsurance business assumed through
the quota share agreement (including “fronting” activities initiated by Employers Mutual) and reinsurance business assumed
outside the quota share agreement. See note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Management uses premiums
written assumed from affiliates and nonaffiliates, which excludes the impact of written premiums ceded to reinsurers, as a
measure of the underlying growth of the Company’s insurance business from period to period.
Net Premiums Written. Net premiums written is calculated by summing direct premiums written, premiums written
assumed from affiliates and nonaffiliates, and then subtracting from that result premiums written ceded to aﬂiliates and
nonaffiliates. For the property and casualty insurance segment, premiums written ceded to nonaﬂiliates is the portion of the
direct and assumed premiums written that is transferred to l) reinsurers in accordance with the terms of the underlying
reinsurance contracts, based upon the risks they accept, and 2) state organizations on a mandatory basis in connection with
various workers' compensation and assigned risk programs. For the reinsurance segment, premiums written ceded to
nonaffiliates reﬂects reinsurance business that is ceded to other insurance companies in connection with “fronting” activities
initiated by Employers Mutual. Premiums written ceded to affiliates includes both the cession of the Company’s property and
casualty insurance subsidiaries’ direct business to Employers Mutual under the terms of the pooling agreement, and premiums
ceded by the Company’s subsidiaries to Employers Mutual under the terms of the inter-company reinsurance programs with
Employers Mutual. See note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Management uses net premiums written to
measure the amount of business retained after cessions to reinsurers.
Loss and Settlement Expense Ratio. The loss and settlement expense ratio is the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of
losses and settlement expenses incurred to premiums earned, and measures the underwriting profitability of a company’s
insurance business. The loss and settlement expense ratio is generally measured on both a gross (direct and assumed) and net
(gross less ceded) basis. Management uses the gross loss and settlement expense ratio as a measure of the Company’s overall
underwriting profitability of the insurance business it writes and to assess the adequacy of the Company’s pricing. The net loss
and settlement expense ratio is meaningful in evaluating the Company’s financial results, which are net of ceded reinsurance, as
reﬂected in the consolidated financial statements. The loss and settlement expense ratios are generally calculated in the same
way for GAAP and statutory accounting purposes.
Acquisition Expense Ratio. The acquisition expense ratio is the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of net acquisition and
other expenses incurred to premiums earned, and measures a company’s operational eﬂiciency in producing, underwriting and
administering its insurance business. For statutory accounting purposes, acquisition and other expenses of an insurance
company exclude investment expenses. There is no such industry definition for determining an acquisition expense ratio for
GAAP purposes. As a result, management applies the statutory definition to calculate the Company’s acquisition expense ratio
on a GAAP basis. The net acquisition expense ratio is meaningful in evaluating the Company’s ﬁnancial results, which are net
of ceded reinsurance, as reﬂected in the consolidated financial statements.
GAAP Combined Ratio. The combined ratio (expressed as a percentage) is the sum of the loss and settlement expense
ratio and the acquisition expense ratio, and measures a company’s overall underwriting profit/loss. If the combined ratio is at
or above 100, an insurance company cannot be profitable without investment income (and may not be profitable if investment
income is insufficient). Management uses the GAAP combined ratio in evaluating the Company’s overall underwriting
profitability and as a measure for comparison of the Company’s profitability relative to the profitability of its competitors who
prepare GAAP-basis financial statements.
5 9