The Company is subject to comprehensive regulation that may restrict its ability to earn proﬁts.
The Company is subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision by the insurance departments in the states where
its subsidiaries are domiciled and where its subsidiaries and the other pool participants sell insurance products, issue policies
and handle claims. Certain regulatory restrictions and prior approval requirements may affect the pool participants’ ability to
operate, compete, innovate or obtain necessary rate adjustments in a timely manner, and may also increase their costs and
reduce profitability.
Supervision and regulation by insurance departments extend, among other things, to:
Required Licensing. The pool participants operate under licenses issued by various state insurance departments. These
licenses govern, among other things, the types of insurance coverages, agency and claims services, and products that the pool
participants may offer consumers in the states in which they operate. The pool participants must apply for and obtain
appropriate licenses before they can implement any plan to expand into a new state or oﬁer a new line of insurance or other
new products that require separate licensing. If a regulatory authority denies or delays granting a new license, the pool
participants’ ability to enter new markets quickly or oﬁer new products they believe will be profitable can be substantially
impaired.
Regulation of Premium Rates and Approval of Policy Forms. The insurance laws of most states in which the pool
participants operate require insurance companies to file premium rate schedules and insurance policy forms for review and
approval. State insurance departments have broad discretion in judging whether the pool participants’ rates are adequate, not
excessive and not unfairly discriminatory. The speed at which the pool participants can change their rates in response to
competition or increased costs depends, in part, on the method by which the applicable state’s rating laws are administered.
Generally, state insurance departments have the authority to disapprove the pool participants’ requested rates. Thus, if the pool
participants begin using new rates before they are approved, as permitted in some states, they may be required to issue
premium refunds or credits to their policyholders if the new rates are ultimately deemed excessive or unfair, and are
disapproved by the applicable state department. In addition, in some states, there has been pressure in past years to reduce
premium rates for automobile and other personal insurance, or to limit how often an insurer may request increases for such
rates. In states where such pressure is applied, the pool participants’ ability to respond to market developments or increased
costs can be adversely affected.
Restrictions on Cancellation, Non-Renewal or Withdrawal. Many states have laws and regulations that limit an
insurer’s ability to exit a market. Some states prohibit an insurer from withdrawing from one or more lines of business in the
state, except pursuant to a plan approved by the state insurance department. A state insurance department may disapprove a
plan that may lead, under its analyses, to market disruption. These laws and regulations could limit the pool participants’
ability to exit unprofitable markets or discontinue unproﬁtable products in the future.
Investment Restrictions. The Company’s subsidiaries are subject to state laws and regulations that require
diversification of their investment portfolios, and that limit the amount of investments in certain categories. Failure to comply
with these laws and regulations would cause nonconforming investments to be treated as non-admitted assets for purposes of
measuring statutory surplus and, in some instances, would require divestiture.
Other Regulations. The Company must also comply with laws and regulations involving, among other things:
- disclosure, and in some cases prior approval, of transactions between members of an insurance holding company
system;
- acquisition or disposition of an insurance company, or of any company controlling an insurance company;
- involuntary assignments of high-risk policies, participation in reinsurance facilities and underwriting associations,
and assessments and other governmental charges;
- use of non-public consumer information and related privacy issues; and
- use of credit history in underwriting and rating.
These laws and regulations could adversely aﬁect the Company’s profitability.
The Company cannot provide any assurance that states will not make existing insurance laws and regulations more
restrictive in the future, or enact new restrictive laws.
43