Reserving methodology
During the third quarter of 2016, management implemented a new reserving methodology for the determination of bulk
reserves in the property and casualty insurance segment. The new methodology, which is referred to as the accident year
ultimate estimate approach, better conforms to industry practices and will provide increased transparency of the drivers of the
property and casualty insurance segment's performance.
The implementation of the new reserving methodology did not have a material impact on total carried reserves for the
property and casualty insurance segment; however, approximately $5.6 million of incurred but not reported (IBNR) loss
reserves and allocated settlement expense reserves were reallocated from prior accident years to the current accident year in
multiple lines of business. This reduction in prior accident year reserves is reported as favorable development; however, this
development is "mechanical" in nature, and did not have any impact on earnings because the total amount of carried reserves
did not change as a result of this reallocation.
The property and casualty insurance segment's prior reserving methodology was focused on maintaining a consistent
level of overall reserve adequacy. Case and IBNR loss reserves, as well as settlement expense reserves, were established
independently of each other and added together to get the total loss and settlement expense reserve. The prior reserving
methodology also separated the calculation of the aggregate reserves from the allocation of those reserves to the various
accident years, and thus did not utilize explicit claim frequency and severity assumptions.
There is an inherent amount of uncertainty involved in the establishment of insurance liabilities. This uncertainty is
greatest in the current and more recent accident years because a smaller percentage of the expected ultimate claims have been
reported, adjusted and settled compared to more mature accident years. For this reason, the property and casualty insurance
segment's carried reserves for these accident years reﬂect prudently conservative assumptions. As the carried reserves for these
accident years run off, the overall expectation is that, more often than not, favorable development will occur.
Management believes the explicit assumptions utilized in the new reserving methodology provide more meaningful
accident year information than the implicit assumptions underlying the prior methodology.
European Union/ United States Covered Agreement
Solvency 11 came into effect in the European Union (EU) on January 1, 2016. Solvency II requires that in order for
insurers and reinsurers outside of the EU to conduct business in the European market, their country of domicile regulatory
system must be deemed equivalent. The US regulatory system has not been deemed equivalent at this time.
Due to this requirement, some European countries (primarily Germany and Belgium) have begun to enforce Solvency
II, requiring that nonequivalent reinsurers establish a branch oﬁice in their country in order to conduct business. Both countries
granted exceptions to this rule for 2017 renewals, which allowed the reinsurance segment to renew most of its EU business;
however, these exceptions are not likely to be extended beyond 2017.
On January 13, 2017, the United States and the European Union announced they had completed negotiation of a
"Bilateral Agreement between the European Union and the United States of America on Prudential Measures Regarding
Insurance and Reinsurance" (the "Covered Agreement"). This agreement was submitted to the US Congress and the Oﬁice of
the US Trade Representative on the same day so they could begin a required 90-day review of this document. The Covered
Agreement eliminates collateral and local presence requirements for US and EU reinsurers operating on a cross-border basis;
however, to qualify for the elimination of these requirements, reinsurers must meet several requirements, including a minimum
of $250 million of capital and surplus. At December 31, 2016, the reinsurance subsidiary had $209 million of capital and
surplus.
Management is closely monitoring this situation. If the agreement is ultimately approved, management will have to
consider its alternatives. Such alternatives could include injecting additional capital into the reinsurance subsidiary, ceasing
operations in the EU, fronting the business through other reinsurers, or utilizing other arrangements deemed acceptable by
regulators. In 2017, the Company expects to write approximately $9 million of assumed reinsurance business in the EU.
MEASUREMENT OF RESULTS
The Company’s consolidated financial statements are prepared on the basis of GAAP. The Company also prepares
ﬁnancial statements for each of its insurance subsidiaries based on statutory accounting principles that are filed with insurance
regulatory authorities in the states where they do business. Statutory accounting principles are designed to address the concerns
of state regulators and stress the measurement of the insurer ’s ability to satisfy its obligations to its policyholders and creditors.
58