EMC INSURANCE GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
ITEM 7.: MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIALTCONDITION AND RESULTS OF:
OPERATIONS
The term “Company” is used below interchangeably to describe EMC Insurance Group Inc. (Parent Company only) and
EMC Insurance Group Inc. and its subsidiaries. The following discussion and analysis of the Company’s financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides issuers the opportunity to make cautionary statements
regarding forward-looking statements. Accordingly, any forward-looking statement contained in this report is based on
management’s current beliefs, assumptions and expectations of the Company’s future performance, taking all information
currently available into account. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as the result of many possible events
or factors, not all of which are known to management. If a change occurs, the Company’s business, financial condition,
liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives may vary materially from those expressed in the forward-looking
statements. The risks and uncertainties that may affect the actual results of the Company include, but are not limited to, the
following:
- catastrophic events and the occurrence of significant severe weather conditions;
- the adequacy of loss and settlement expense reserves;
° state and federal legislation and regulations;
- changes in the property and casualty insurance industry, interest rates or the performance of financial markets and
the general economy;
- rating agency actions;
- “other-than-temporary” investment impairment losses; and
° other risks and uncertainties inherent to the Company’s business, including those discussed under the heading “Risk
Factors” in Part I, Item 1A, of this Form lO-K.
Management intends to identify forward-looking statements when using the words “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”,
“estimate”, “project” or similar expressions. Undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements. The
Company disclaims any obligation to update such statements or to announce publicly the results of any revisions that it may
make to any forward-looking statements to reﬂect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances after
the date of such statements.
COMPANY OVERVIEW
The Company, a majority owned subsidiary of Employers Mutual Casualty Company (Employers Mutual), is an
insurance holding company with operations in property and casualty insurance and reinsurance. The operations of the
Company are highly integrated with those of Employers Mutual through participation in a property and casualty reinsurance
pooling agreement (the "pooling agreement"), a quota share retrocessional reinsurance agreement (the "quota share agreement")
and inter-company reinsurance programs with Employers Mutual. All transactions occurring under the pooling agreement,
quota share agreement and the inter-company reinsurance programs with Employers Mutual are based on statutory accounting
principles. Certain adjustments are made to these amounts to bring them into compliance with US. generally accepted
accounting principles (GAAP).
53