The Company regularly monitors its investment portfolio for securities whose fair value is less than the carrying value
for indications of “other-than-temporary” impairment. Several factors are used to determine whether the carrying value of an
individual security has been “other-than-temporarily” impaired. Such factors include, but are not limited to (1) the security’s
value and performance in the context of the overall markets, (2) length of time and extent the security’s fair value has been
below carrying value, (3) key corporate events, (4) for fixed maturity securities, the amount of collateral available, and (5) for
equity securities, the ability and intent to hold the security until recovery to its cost basis. When an equity security is deemed to
be “other-than-temporarily” impaired, the carrying value is reduced to fair value and a realized loss is recognized and charged
to income. For fixed maturity securities, if the present value of cash ﬂows expected to be collected is less than the amortized
cost of the security, a credit loss is deemed to exist and the security is considered “other-than-temporarily” impaired. The
portion of the impairment related to a credit loss is recognized through earnings, and the portion of the impairment related to
other factors, if any, is recognized through “other comprehensive income”. Alternatively, if the Company has the intent to sell a
ﬁxed maturity security that is in an unrealized loss position, or determines that it will "more likely than not" be required to sell
a fixed maturity security that is in an unrealized loss position before recovery of its amortized cost basis, then the carrying
value is reduced to fair value and the entire amount of the impairment is recognized through earnings.
Income Taxes
The Company files a consolidated Federal income tax return with its subsidiaries. Consolidated income taxes/benefits
are allocated among the entities based upon separate tax liabilities.
Deferred income taxes are provided for temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and the
reported amounts of those assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to
be recovered or settled. Income tax expense provisions increase or decrease in the same period in which a change in tax rates is
enacted. A valuation allowance is established to reduce deferred tax assets to their net realizable value if it is “more likely than
not” that a tax benefit will not be realized.
An assessment of the Company’s current tax positions indicated no uncertainties that would warrant diﬁerent recognition
and valuation from that applied in the Company’s tax returns.
Stock-Based Compensation
The Company has no stock-based compensation plans of its own; however, Employers Mutual has several stock plans
that utilize the common stock of the Company. The Company receives the current fair value for all shares issued under these
plans. A portion of the compensation expense recognized by Employers Mutual (as the requisite service period for granted
options and restricted stock awards is rendered) is allocated to the Company’s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries
though their participation in the pooling agreement (see note 2). Because a portion of Employers Mutual’s stock compensation
expense is reﬂected in the Company’s financial statements and issuances of the Company’s stock under Employers Mutual’s
stock plans have an impact on the Company’s capital accounts, the disclosures required by the Compensation — Stock
Compensation Topic 718 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards CodificationTM
(Codification or ASC) are included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
Employee Retirement Plans
Employers Mutual has various employee benefit plans, including two defined benefit pension plans, and two
postretirement benefit plans that provide retiree healthcare and life insurance benefits. Although the Company has no
employees of its own, it is responsible for its share of the plans' expenses and related prepaid assets and liabilities (the "funded
status") as determined under the terms of the pooling agreement. Accordingly, the Company recognizes its share of the funded
status of Employers Mutual’s pension and postretirement benefit plans on its balance sheet, with changes in the funded status of
the plans recognized through “other comprehensive income.” In addition,the Company is responsible for its share of costs of
these plans allocated by Employers Mutual to subsidiaries that do not participate in the pooling agreement (see note 2). During
2016, Employers Mutual's management determined that an allocation of the plans' funded status to the Company's reinsurance
subsidiary would no longer be made because the amounts were immaterial and significant time and cost was needed to
determine the allocation. As a result, the assets and liabilities allocated to the reinsurance subsidiary as of December 31, 2015
were settled with Employers Mutual during 2016.
108