Statutory Combined Ratio. The statutory combined ratio (expressed as a percentage) is calculated in the same manner as
the GAAP combined ratio, but is based on results determined pursuant to statutory accounting rules and regulations. The
statutory “trade combined ratio” differs from the statutory combined ratio in that the acquisition expense ratio is based on net
premiums written rather than net premiums earned. Management uses the statutory trade combined ratio as a measure for
comparison of the Company’s profitability relative to the proﬁtability of its competitors, all of whom must file statutory-basis
ﬁnancial statements with insurance regulatory authorities.
Catastrophe and storm losses. For the property and casualty insurance segment, catastrophe and storm losses include
losses attributed to events that have occurred in the United States which have been assigned an occurrence number by the
Property & Liability Resource Bureau (PLRB) Catastrophe Services. According to PLRB, an occurrence number is assigned
when an event has produced conditions severe enough to have caused, or to be likely to have caused, property damage. For the
reinsurance segment, catastrophe and storm losses include losses that have occurred in the United States, Puerto Rico and the
US. Virgin Islands which have been designated as catastrophes by Property Claims Services (PCS), as well as non-U.S.
catastrophe and storm losses reported by the ceding companies. According to PCS, catastrophe serial numbers are assigned to
events that cause $25.0 million or more in direct insured losses to property, and affect a significant number of policyholders and
insurers.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
The preparation of the Company's financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to adopt
accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that aﬁect amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. The Company's significant accounting policies are described in note 1, Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies, of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Form lO-K. The following
estimates and assumptions are considered by management to be critically important in the preparation and understanding of the
Company's financial statements and related disclosures. The estimates and assumptions utilized are complex and require
subjective judgment.
Loss and settlement expense reserves
Processes and assumptions for establishing loss and settlement expense reserves
In the property and casualty insurance segment, the methodology used to establish direct loss and allocated settlement
expense reserves changed in 2016. Beginning in September, estimated ultimate loss and allocated settlement expense amounts
for most claims are established by accident year and line of business using standard actuarial techniques. At each reporting
date, the amounts to be carried for IBNR loss reserves and allocated settlement expense reserves are determined by subtracting
the amounts incurred to date (paid amounts plus case loss reserves carried for reported claims) from the estimated ultimate
amounts. Under this methodology, changes in the incurred amounts will result in corresponding adjustments to the reserve
amounts. Prior to September 2016, case loss reserves (including bulk case loss reserves), IBNR loss reserves and settlement
expense reserves were all established independently of each other, and the amounts were added together to determine the total
liability for losses and settlement expenses. Under that methodology, adjustments to any of the reserve components did not
result in corresponding adjustments to the other reserve components. The implementation of the new reserving methodology
did not have a material impact on total carried reserves for the property and casualty insurance segment; however, there was
some movement of allocated settlement expense reserves to IBNR loss reserves, and a reallocation of loss and allocated
settlement expense reserves by accident year. In connection with this reallocation of reserves by accident year, approximately
$5.6 million of IBNR loss and allocated settlement expense reserves were moved from prior accident years to the current
accident year in multiple lines of business. This reduction in prior accident years' reserves is reported as favorable
development; however, this development is "mechanical in nature", and did not have any impact on earnings because the total
amount of carried reserves did not change.
In the reinsurance segment, Employers Mutual records the case and IBNR loss reserves reported by the ceding
companies for the Home Office Reinsurance Assumed Department (“HORAD”) book of business. Since many ceding
companies in the HORAD book of business do not report IBNR loss reserves, Employers Mutual establishes a bulk IBNR loss
reserve, which is based on an actuarial reserve analysis, to cover a lag in reporting. For MRB, Employers Mutual records the
case and IBNR loss reserves reported to it by the management of the association, along with a relatively small IBNR loss
reserve to cover a one-month reporting lag. The booking of the lag IBNR loss reserve may be suspended, and negative bulk
IBNR loss reserves may be established, during periods when the actuarial reviews indicate MRB's carried reserves are more
than adequate to cover its liabilities. To verify the adequacy of the reported reserves, an actuarial evaluation of MRB’s reserves
is performed at each year-end.
60