The Company’s ﬁxed maturity investment portfolio includes mortgage-backed securities. As of December 31, 2016,
mortgage-backed securities constituted approximately 11.8 percent of the fixed maturity portfolio. As with other fixed maturity
investments, the fair value of these securities ﬂuctuates depending on market and other general economic conditions and the
interest rate environment. Changes in interest rates can expose the Company to prepayment risks on these investments. In
periods of declining interest rates, mortgage prepayments generally increase and mortgage-backed securities are paid more
quickly, requiring the Company to reinvest the proceeds at the then current market rates.
The Company’s common stock equity portfolio, with a fair value of $193.5 million as of December 31, 2016, is subject
to economic loss from a decline in market prices. The Company invests in publicly traded companies listed in the United
States with large market capitalizations. An adverse development in the stock market, or one or more securities that the
Company invests in, could adversely affect its capital position. The Company is currently invested in a limited partnership that
is designed to help protect the Company from significant monthly downside price volatility in the equity markets. However,
this type of protection may be discontinued in the future depending on market conditions and/or the cost of the protection.
The success of any investment activity is affected by general economic conditions, which may adversely aﬁect the
markets for fixed maturity and equity securities. Unexpected volatility or illiquidity in the markets in which the Company
holds securities could reduce its liquidity and stockholders’ equity. To mitigate these risks, the Company’s insurance and
reinsurance subsidiaries are able to borrow funds on a short-term basis from Employers Mutual and its subsidiaries and aﬁiliate
under an Inter-Company Loan Agreement.
The Company relies on Employer Mutual’s information technology and telecommunication systems, and the
disruption or failure of these systems, or the compromise of the security of the systems that results in the misuse
of conﬁdential information, could materially and adversely affect its business.
The Company’s business is highly dependent upon the successful and uninterrupted functioning of Employers Mutual’s
information technology and telecommunications systems. The Company relies on the capacity, reliability and security of these
systems to process new and renewal business, provide customer service, process and pay claims, and facilitate collections and
cancellations. These systems also enable the performance of actuarial and other modeling functions necessary for underwriting
and rate development and establishing and evaluating reserves. Despite security measures in place, the information technology
systems could be vulnerable to computer malware or viruses, unauthorized access, or other cyber attacks that could disrupt the
systems. The failure or disruption of these systems could interrupt the Company’s operations through reduced ability to
underwrite and process new and renewal business, pay claims in a timely manner and provide customer service.
A security breach of information technology systems that results in the misuse or misappropriation of confidential
information could expose Employers Mutual to litigation, or damage Employers Mutual ’s reputation. Any legal or other
expenses resulting from the misuse of confidential information would be shared by all users of the systems, including the
Company and its subsidiaries, and such losses could be significant.
Although Employers Mutual maintains insurance on its real property and other physical assets, this insurance will not
compensate Employers Mutual for losses that may occur due to disruptions in service as a result of a computer, data processing
or telecommunication systems failure unrelated to covered property damage. Also, this insurance may not necessarily
compensate Employers Mutual for all losses resulting from covered events. Employers Mutual retains the risks from
disruptions in computer processing and telecommunications services, and has implemented a variety of controls to mitigate
these risks including, but not limited to, off-site back-up and redundant processing capabilities, access restrictions to
confidential customer data, and documented plans for resuming operations upon the occurrence of an event. A portion of any
losses resulting from the failure or disruption of Employers Mutual’s information technology and telecommunication systems
would be shared by all users of the systems, including the Company and its subsidiaries, and such losses could be significant.
The failure of the pool participants to maintain their current ﬁnancial strength rating could materially and
adversely affect the Company’s business and competitive position.
The pool participants, including the Company’s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries, are currently rated
“A” (Excellent) by AM. Best, an industry-accepted source of property and casualty insurance company financial strength
ratings. AM. Best ratings are specifically designed to provide an independent opinion of an insurance company’s financial
health and its ability to meet ongoing obligations to policyholders. These ratings are directed toward the protection of
policyholders, not investors. If the ratings of the pool participants were to be downgraded (particularly below "A-") by AM.
Best, it would adversely affect the Company’s competitive position and make it more diﬁicult for it to market its products, and
retain its existing agents and policyholders. A downgrade of Employers Mutual's rating below "A-" could make it ineligible to
assume certain reinsurance business, which could lead to a reduction in the amount of business ceded to the Company's
reinsurance subsidiary under the quota share agreement. Thus, a downgrade in the pool participants’ (including Employers
Mutual’s) AM. Best ratings below "A-" would likely result in a material reduction in the amount of the Company’s business.
41