Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
Employers Mutual collects from agents, policyholders and ceding companies all written premiums associated with the
insurance business produced by the pool participants and the assumed reinsurance business ceded to the reinsurance subsidiary.
Employers Mutual also collects from its reinsurers all losses and settlement expenses recoverable under the reinsurance
contracts protecting the pool participants and, starting in 2016, the reinsurance subsidiary, as well as the fronting business
ceded to the reinsurance subsidiary. Employers Mutual settles with the pool participants (monthly) and the reinsurance
subsidiary (quarterly) the premiums written from these insurance policies and the paid losses and settlement expenses
recoverable under the external reinsurance contracts, providing full credit for the premiums written and the paid losses and
settlement expenses recoverable under the external reinsurance contracts generated during the period (not just the collected
portion). Due to this arrangement, and since a significant portion of the premium balances are collected over the course of the
underlying coverage periods, Employers Mutual carries a substantial receivable balance for insurance and reinsurance
premiums in process of collection and, to a lesser extent, paid losses and settlement expenses recoverable from the external
reinsurance companies. Any of these receivable amounts that are ultimately deemed to be uncollectible are charged-off by
Employers Mutual and the expense is charged to the reinsurance subsidiary or allocated to the pool members on the basis of
pool participation. As a result, the Company has off-balance sheet arrangements with an unconsolidated entity that results in
credit-risk exposures (Employers Mutual’s insurance and reinsurance premium receivable balances, and paid loss and
settlement expense recoverable amounts) that are not reﬂected in the Company ’5 financial statements. The average annual
expense for such charge-offs allocated to the Company over the past ten years is $362,000. Based on this historical data, this
credit-risk exposure is not considered to be material to the Company’s results of operations or financial position and,
accordingly, no loss contingency liability has been recorded.
Investment Impairments and Considerations
The Company recorded $1.3 million of “other-than—temporary” investment impairment losses during 2016, compared to
$1.5 million during 2015. With the exception of a $209,000 impairment loss recorded in 2016 on a new investment that
conveys renewable energy tax credits (included in other long-term investments), these impairment losses were recognized on
securities held in the Company's equity portfolio.
At December 31, 2016, the Company had unrealized losses on available-for—sale securities as presented in the following
table. The estimated fair value is based on quoted market prices, where available. In cases where quoted market prices are not
available, fair values are based on a variety of valuation techniques depending on the type of security. None of these securities
are considered to be in concentrations by either security type or industry. The Company uses several factors to determine
whether the carrying value of an individual security has been “other-than—temporarily” impaired. Such factors include, but are
not limited to, the security’s value and performance in the context of the overall markets, length of time and extent the
security’s fair value has been below carrying value, key corporate events and, for fixed maturity securities, the amount of
collateral available. Based on these factors, the absence of management’s intent to sell these securities prior to recovery or
maturity, and the fact that management does not anticipate that it will be forced to sell these securities prior to recovery or
maturity, it was determined that the carrying value of these securities were not “other-than—temporarily” impaired at
December 31, 2016. Risks and uncertainties inherent in the methodology utilized in this evaluation process include interest
rate risk, equity price risk, and the overall performance of the economy, all of which have the potential to adversely aﬁect the
value of the Company’s investments. Should a determination be made at some point in the future that these unrealized losses
are “other-than—temporary”, the Company’s earnings would be reduced by approximately $15.1 million, net of tax; however,
the Company’s financial position would not be affected because unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities are reﬂected
in the Company ’5 financial statements as a component of stockholders’ equity, net of deferred taxes.
89