Property and casualty insurance operations are conducted through three subsidiaries and represent the most significant
segment of the Company’s business, totaling 77 percent of consolidated premiums earned in 2016. The Company’s three
property and casualty insurance subsidiaries and two subsidiaries and an aﬁiliate of Employers Mutual (Union Insurance
Company of Providence, EMC Property & Casualty Company and Hamilton Mutual Insurance Company) are parties to a
pooling agreement with Employers Mutual. Under the terms of the pooling agreement, each company cedes to Employers
Mutual all of its insurance business, and assumes from Employers Mutual an amount equal to its participation in the pool. All
premiums, losses, settlement expenses, and other underwriting and administrative expenses, excluding the voluntary
reinsurance business assumed by Employers Mutual from nonaﬁiliated insurance companies, are prorated among the parties on
the basis of participation in the pool. Employers Mutual negotiates reinsurance agreements that provide protection to the pool
and each of its participants, including protection against losses arising from catastrophic events. The aggregate participation of
the Company’s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries in the pool is 30 percent.
The Inter-Company Committees of the boards of directors of the Company and Employers Mutual approved a new inter-
company reinsurance program between the Company's insurance subsidiaries in the property and casualty insurance segment
and Employers Mutual for calendar year 2016. This reinsurance program is intended to reduce the volatility of the Company's
quarterly results caused by excessive catastrophe and storm losses, and provide protection from both the frequency and severity
of such losses. The reinsurance program consists of two semi-annual aggregate catastrophe excess of loss treaties. The first
treaty was effective from January 1, 2016 through June 30, 2016, and had a retention of $20.0 million and a limit of $24.0
million. The total cost of this treaty was approximately $6.3 million. The second treaty was effective from July 1, 2016
through December 31, 2016, and had a retention of $15.0 million and a limit of $12.0 million. The total cost of this treaty was
approximately $1.5 million. All catastrophe and storm losses assumed by the property and casualty insurance subsidiaries (net
of applicable reinsurance recoveries from external reinsurance protections purchased by the pool participants) were subject to
the terms of these treaties, and there was no co-participation provision.
Operations of the pool and the inter-company reinsurance program give rise to inter-company balances with Employers
Mutual, which are generally settled during the subsequent month. The investment and income tax activities of the pool
participants are not subject to the pooling agreement. The pooling agreement provides that Employers Mutual will make up
any shortfall or diﬁerence resulting from an error in its systems and/or computation processes that would otherwise result in the
required restatement of the pool participants’ financial statements.
The purpose of the pooling agreement is to spread the risk of an exposure insured by any of the pool participants among
all the companies. The pooling agreement produces a more uniform and stable underwriting result from year to year for all
companies in the pool than might be experienced individually. In addition, each company benefits from the capacity of the
entire pool, rather than being limited to policy exposures of a size commensurate with its own assets, and from the wide range
of policy forms, lines of insurance written, rate filings and commission plans offered by each of the companies.
Reinsurance operations are conducted through EMC Reinsurance Company and accounted for 23 percent of
consolidated premiums earned in 2016. The Company’s reinsurance subsidiary is party to a quota share agreement and an
inter-company reinsurance program with Employers Mutual. Under the terms of the quota share agreement, the reinsurance
subsidiary assumes 100 percent of Employers Mutual ’s assumed reinsurance business, subject to certain exceptions. The inter-
company reinsurance program in place with Employers Mutual covers both business assumed from Employers Mutual through
the quota share agreement, as well as business obtained outside the quota share agreement. The Inter-Company Committees of
the boards of directors of the Company and Employers Mutual approved a change in the inter-company reinsurance program
between the Company's reinsurance subsidiary and Employers Mutual for calendar year 2016. The 2016 reinsurance program
consists of two treaties. The first was a per occurrence catastrophe excess of loss treaty with a retention of $10.0 million, a
limit of $10.0 million, 20 percent co-participation, and no reinstatement. The total cost of this treaty was approximately $2.0
million. The second was an annual aggregate catastrophe excess of loss treaty with a retention of $20.0 million, a limit of
$100.0 million, and 20 percent co-participation. The total cost of this treaty was approximately $3.1 million. Any losses
recovered under the per occurrence treaty inure to the benefit of the aggregate treaty, and only catastrophic events with total
losses greater than $500,000 are subject to the terms of the aggregate treaty. Prior to 2016, the reinsurance program with
Employers Mutual consisted of a single excess of loss reinsurance agreement. Under the terms of that agreement, the
reinsurance subsidiary retained the first $4.0 million of losses per event, and also retained 20.0 percent of any losses between
$4.0 million and $10.0 million and 10.0 percent of any losses between $10.0 million and $50.0 million. The cost of the excess
of loss reinsurance protection, which included reimbursement for the cost of reinsurance protection purchased by Employers
Mutual to protect itself from the assumption of excessive losses in the event of a major catastrophe, was 8.0 percent of the
reinsurance subsidiary’s total assumed reinsurance premiums written in 2015 and 2014.
54