Certain commercial lines of business written by the property and casualty insurance subsidiaries, including workers’
compensation, are eligible for policyholder dividends in accordance with provisions of the underlying insurance policies. Net
premiums written subject to policyholder dividends represented approximately 22 percent of the property and casualty
insurance subsidiaries’ total net commercial line premiums written in 2016. Policyholder dividends are accrued over the terms
of the underlying policy periods.
Liabilities for losses reﬂect losses incurred through the balance sheet date and are based upon the estimated ultimate loss
ratios established by line of business and accident year, and estimates of losses expected under assumed reinsurance contracts.
Liabilities for settlement expenses are provided by estimating expenses expected to be incurred in settling the claims provided
for in the loss reserves. Changes in reserves estimates are reﬂected in net income in the year such changes are recorded (see
note 4).
Ceded reinsurance amounts with nonaffiliated reinsurers relating to reinsurance receivables for unpaid losses and
settlement expenses and prepaid reinsurance premiums are reported on the balance sheet on a gross basis. Amounts ceded to
Employers Mutual under the affiliated reinsurance pooling agreement and the inter-company reinsurance programs (see note 2)
have not been grossed up because the contracts provide that receivables and payables may be oﬂset upon settlement.
Based on current information, the liabilities for losses and settlement expenses are considered to be adequate. Since the
provisions are necessarily based on estimates, the ultimate liabilities may be more or less than such provisions.
Investments
Currently, all securities are classiﬁed as available-for—sale and are carried at fair value, with unrealized holding gains and
losses reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders” equity, net of deferred income
taxes. Other long-term investments consist of holdings in limited partnerships that are carried under the equity method of
accounting, and holdings in limited partnerships and limited liability companies that are carried at amortized cost. The
Company has an investment in a limited partnership that is designed to help protect the Company from a sudden and significant
decline in the value of its equity portfolio. This limited partnership is carried under the equity method of accounting. Because
of the nature of this investment, which is used solely to support the equity tail-risk hedging strategy, changes in the carrying
value of the limited partnership are recorded as realized investment gains (losses), rather than as a component of investment
income. Short-term investments generally include money market funds, US. Treasury bills and commercial paper that are
carried at fair value, which approximates cost.
The Company participates in a reverse repurchase arrangement involving the purchase of investment securities from
third-party sellers, with the agreement that the purchased securities be sold back to the third-party sellers for agreed-upon prices
at specified future dates. The third-party sellers are required to pledge collateral with a value greater than the amount of cash
received in the transactions. In accordance with GAAP, the investment securities purchased under the reverse repurchase
agreements are not reﬂected in the Company's consolidated balance sheets, but instead a receivable is recorded for the principal
amount lent. Net proceeds/disbursements related to the reverse repurchase transactions are reported as a component of
investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash ﬂows, and the income as a component of operating activities.
The Company uses independent pricing sources to obtain the estimated fair value of securities. The fair value is based
on quoted market prices, where available. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on a
variety of valuation techniques depending on the type of investment. The fair values obtained from independent pricing
sources are reviewed for reasonableness and any discrepancies are investigated for final valuation (see note 8). The Company
uses a practical expedient to measure the pooled separate account investments in Employers Mutual's qualified pension plan at
the net asset value per share (see note 12).
Premiums and discounts on fixed maturity securities are amortized over the life of the security as an adjustment to yield
using the effective interest method. Amortization of premiums and discounts on mortgage-backed securities incorporates
prepayment assumptions to estimate expected lives. Gains and losses realized on the disposition of investments are included in
net income. The cost of investments sold is determined on the specific identification method using the highest cost basis first.
Included in investments at December 31, 2016 and 2015 are securities on deposit with various regulatory authorities as required
by law amounting to $11.0 million and $11.2 million, respectively.
107