The Company has exposure to construction defect claims arising from general liability policies issued by the pool
participants to contractors. Most of the pool participants’ construction defect claims are concentrated in a limited number of
states, and the pool participants have taken steps to mitigate this exposure. Construction defect is a highly uncertain exposure
due to such issues as whether coverage exists, definition of an occurrence, determination of ultimate damages, and allocation of
such damages to financially responsible parties. Newly reported construction defect claims numbered 374, 338 and 385 in
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and produced incurred losses and paid settlement expenses of approximately $3.6 million,
$3.2 million and $2.9 million in each respective period. Incurred losses and paid settlement expenses on all construction defect
claims totaled approximately $4.2 million in 2016. At December 31, 2016, the Company carried case loss reserves of
approximately $5.6 million on 372 open construction defect claims.
The Company’s assumed casualty excess reinsurance business is also considered a highly uncertain exposure due to the
signiﬁcant periods of time that can elapse during the settlement of the underlying claims, and the fact that a reinsurance
company generally has less knowledge than the ceding company about the underlying book of business and the ceding
company’s reserving practices. Employers Mutual attempts to account for this uncertainty by establishing bulk IBNR loss
reserves, using conservative assumed treaty limits and, to a much lesser extent, booking of individual treaty IBNR loss reserves
(if reported by the ceding company) or establishing additional case loss reserves if the reported case loss reserves appear
inadequate on an individual claim. While Employers Mutual is predominantly a property reinsurer, it does write casualty
excess business oriented mainly towards shorter-tail casualty lines of coverage. Employers Mutual avoids reinsuring large
company working layer casualty risks, and does not write risks with heavy product liability exposures, risks with obvious latent
injury manifestation and medical malpractice. Casualty excess business on large companies is written, but generally on a
“clash” basis only (layers above the limits written for any individual policyholder) or specialty casualty written with claims-
made forms.
68