6. STATUTORY INFORMATION AND DIVIDEND RESTRICTIONS
The Company’s insurance subsidiaries are required to file financial statements with state regulatory authorities. The
accounting principles used to prepare these statutory financial statements follow prescribed or permitted accounting practices
that differ from GAAP. Prescribed statutory accounting principles include state laws, regulations and general administrative
rules issued by the state of domicile, as well as a variety of publications and manuals of the National Association of Insurance
Commissioners (NAIC). Permitted accounting practices encompass all accounting practices not prescribed, but allowed by the
state of domicile. The Company’s insurance subsidiaries had no permitted accounting practices during 2016, 2015 or 2014.
Statutory surplus of the Company’s insurance subsidiaries was $526.8 million and $485.2 million at December 31, 2016
and 2015, respectively. Statutory net income of the Company’s insurance subsidiaries was $48.3 million, $48.8 million and
$32.2 million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
The NAIC utilizes a risk-based capital model to help state regulators assess the capital adequacy of insurance companies
and identify insurers that are in, or are perceived as approaching, financial diﬁiculty. This model establishes minimum capital
needs based on the risks applicable to the operations of the individual insurer. The risk-based capital requirements for property
and casualty insurance companies measure three major areas of risk: asset risk, credit risk and underwriting risk. Companies
having less statutory surplus than required by the risk-based capital requirements are subject to varying degrees of regulatory
scrutiny and intervention, depending on the severity of the inadequacy. At December 31, 2016, the Company’s insurance
subsidiaries had total adjusted statutory capital of $526.8 million, which exceeds the minimum risk-based capital requirement
of $87.3 million.
The amount of dividends available for distribution to the Company by its insurance subsidiaries is limited by law to a
percentage of the statutory unassigned surplus of each of the subsidiaries as of the previous December 31, as determined in
accordance with accounting practices prescribed by insurance regulatory authorities of the state of domicile of each subsidiary.
Subject to this limitation, the maximum dividend that may be paid within a 12 month period without prior approval of the
insurance regulatory authorities is generally restricted to the greater of 10 percent of statutory surplus as regards policyholders
as of the preceding December 31, or net income of the preceding calendar year on a statutory basis, not greater than earned
statutory surplus. At December 31, 2016, $52.7 million was available for distribution to the Company in 2017 without prior
approval.
7. SEGMENT INFORMATION
The Company’s operations consist of a property and casualty insurance segment and a reinsurance segment. The
property and casualty insurance segment writes both commercial and personal lines of insurance, with a focus on medium-sized
commercial accounts. The reinsurance segment provides reinsurance for other insurers and reinsurers. The segments are
managed separately due to differences in the insurance products sold and the business environments in which they operate.
Management evaluates the performance of its insurance segments using financial measurements based on Statutory Accounting
Principles (SAP) instead of GAAP. Such measures include premiums written, premiums earned, statutory underwriting profit
(loss), and investment results, as well as loss and loss adjustment expense ratios, trade underwriting expense ratios, and
combined ratios. The GAAP accounting policies of the segments are described in note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies.
13 l