Marketing and Distribution
Property and Casualty Insurance
The pool participants market a wide variety of commercial and personal lines insurance products through 16 branch
offices, which actively write business through independent agents in 41 states. Beginning in 2016, the accountability and
responsibility for personal lines business was taken out of the branch oﬁices and assigned to a new personal lines operation in
the home oﬁice. The pool participants’ products are marketed exclusively through a network of 2,121 local independent
agency relationships through 4,114 offices. The pool participants primarily focus on the sale of commercial lines of property
and casualty insurance to small and medium-sized businesses, which are considered to be policyholders that pay less than
$100,000 in annual premiums. The pool participants also seek to provide more than one policy to a given customer, because
this “account selling” strategy diversifies risks and generally improves underwriting results.
The pool participants wrote approximately $1.6 billion in direct premiums in 2016, with 92 percent of this business
coming from commercial lines products and 8 percent coming from personal lines products. Although a large portion of the
pool participants’ business is generated by sales in the Midwest, Employers Mutual’s branch offices are located across the
country to take advantage of local market conditions and opportunities, as well as to spread risk geographically. Each branch
office performs its own underwriting, claims, marketing and risk management functions according to policies and procedures
established and monitored by the home office. This decentralized network of branch oﬁices allows the pool participants to
develop marketing strategies, products and pricing that target the needs of individual marketing territories and take advantage
of different opportunities for profit in each market. This operating structure also enables the pool participants to develop close
relationships with their agents and customers.
Although each branch office offers a slightly different combination of products, the branches generally target three
customer segments:
- a wide variety of small to medium-sized businesses, through a comprehensive package of property and liability
coverages;
° businesses and institutions eligible for the pool participants’ target market, safety dividend group and EMC Choice
programs (described below), which offer specialized products geared to their members’ unique protection needs; and
- individual consumers, through a number of personal lines products such as homeowners, automobile and umbrella
coverages.
The pool participants write a number of target market, safety dividend group and EMC Choice programs throughout the
country, and have developed a strong reputation for these programs within the marketplace. These programs provide enhanced
insurance protection to businesses or institutions that have similar hazards and exposures, and are willing to implement loss
prevention programs. These groups include public schools, small municipalities, petroleum marketers, and contractors. As an
example, the pool participants write coverage for approximately 1,500 school districts throughout the Midwest. These
programs have been successful because they offer loss control products and services that are targeted to the needs of the group
members through a local independent agent.
8