The vast majority of HORAD’s favorable development occurred in four contract types; ocean marine pro rata ($8.5
million), casualty excess ($5.1 million), per risk excess ($3.3 million), and property pro rata with wind ($2.0 million).
Approximately 15.0 percent of the favorable development experienced in ocean marine pro rata is attributable to a large
negative premium adjustment (for contracts eﬁective during the three previous years) reported by the ceding company for the
offshore energy and liability proportional account, which reduced the amount of IBNR loss reserves carried for those years. In
addition, as this particular set of contracts has matured, carried IBNR loss reserves have declined because emerged loss
experience has been better than expected. The development in the remaining contract types experiencing favorable
development is attributable to the reinsurance segment's prudently conservative reserving approach, and reﬂects a reduction in
carried IBNR loss reserves that could no longer be justified. Three contract types experienced adverse development; property/
casualty global pro rata ($3.0 million), property/casualty global excess ($389,000), and crop/hail pro rata ($86,000). For the
property/casualty global contracts, increases in cedants’ reported losses exceeded the decrease in IBNR loss reserves.
Significant IBNR loss reserves remain for these contract types, so the possibility for improved profitability on prior accident
years still exists.
Historically, the MRB book of business has experienced very little development on prior years’ loss and settlement
expense reserves. The Company’s actuarial reviews of MRB's reported reserves have consistently indicated that those reserves
challenge the upper level of the range of reasonable reserves. To address this issue, a negative bulk IBNR loss reserve was
established in 2015 for this business. This negative IBNR loss reserve is responsible for approximately $3.0 million of the $3.2
million of favorable development reported on prior years’ reserves.
No changes were made in the "expected loss ratios" utilized for prior contract years. The "expected loss ratios" utilized
for the 2015 contract year were based on an extensive actuarial analysis of trended historic ultimate loss ratios based on
current-level earned premiums. Where applicable, new contract loss information or loss histories were also incorporated into
the "expected loss ratio" selection process. Compared to the 2014 contract year selections, the 2015 contract year expected loss
ratios for the per risk excess and casualty excess lines of business increased by 7.5 percentage points and 2.5 percentage points,
respectively. The 2015 contract year expected loss ratio for the ocean marine pro rata line of business decreased 5.5 percentage
points due to the favorable experience that has occurred during the previous three contract years.
Year ended December 31, 2014
Property and casualty insurance segment
For the property and casualty insurance segment, the December 31, 2014 estimate of loss and settlement expense
reserves for accident years 2013 and prior decreased $8.1 million from the estimate at December 31, 2013. This decrease
represented 1.9 percent of the December 31, 2013 carried reserves. No changes were made in the key actuarial assumptions
utilized to estimate loss and settlement expense reserves during 2014; however, the accident year allocation factors applied to
IBNR loss reserves, bulk case loss reserves, and the defense and cost containment portion of settlement expense reserves were
revised at December 31, 2014 as part of the annual review. This change resulted in the movement of $2.2 million of reserves
from prior accident years to the current accident year, and hence, was reported as favorable development on prior years’
reserves.
Reserves on previously reported claims developed favorably in 2014 by approximately $5.9 million. This included
$432,000 of adverse development attributable to revised accident year allocation factors for bulk case loss reserves, which was
offset by $5.0 million of favorable development experienced on prior years’ reported claims (exclusive of the bulk case loss
reserve) and $1.3 million of favorable development from changes in the line of business distribution of the bulk case loss
reserves. Of the $5.9 million of favorable development, accident years 2011-2013 experienced adverse development of $3.6
million, while all remaining accident years experienced aggregate favorable development of $9.5 million. While all lines of
business continued to experience very favorable development on claims which “closed” during 2014, adverse development on
claims remaining “open” in the commercial auto liability line outpaced the favorable development experienced on "closed"
claims by $9.4 million. Favorable development on the combined "case plus bulk case loss reserves" occurred in all lines of
business except commercial auto liability, which experienced adverse development of $5.8 million. The following table
displays the development experienced on previously reported claims, as well as the development amounts generated by the
change in accident year allocation factors, by line of business:
23