In connection with the change in the inter-company reinsurance program in 2016, the reinsurance subsidiary began
purchasing additional reinsurance protection in peak exposure territories from external parties in which coverage is triggered
when losses experienced by the insurance industry from a catastrophic event exceed a specified threshold. Any reinsurance
recoveries received from external parties reduces the amount of losses ceded to Employers Mutual under the inter-company
reinsurance program. The net cost of this external reinsurance protection was approximately $3.5 million in 2016.
The reinsurance subsidiary does not directly reinsure any of the insurance business written by Employers Mutual or the
other pool participants; however, Employers Mutual assumes reinsurance business from the Mutual Reinsurance Bureau
underwriting association (MRB), which provides a small amount of reinsurance protection to the members of the EMC
Insurance Companies pooling agreement. As a result, the reinsurance subsidiary’s assumed exposures include a small portion
of the EMC Insurance Companies’ direct business, after ceded reinsurance protections purchased by MRB are applied. In
addition, the reinsurance subsidiary does not reinsure any “involuntary” facility or pool business that Employers Mutual
assumes pursuant to state law. The reinsurance subsidiary assumes all foreign currency exchange gain/loss associated with
contracts incepting on January 1, 2006 and thereafter that are subject to the quota share agreement. Operations of the quota
share agreement and the inter-company reinsurance program give rise to inter-company balances with Employers Mutual,
which are generally settled during the month following the end of each quarter. The investment and income tax activities of the
reinsurance subsidiary are not subject to the quota share agreement.
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
An insurance company’s underwriting results reﬂect the profitability of its insurance operations, excluding investment
income. Underwriting profit or loss is calculated by subtracting losses and expenses incurred from premiums earned.
Insurance companies collect cash in the form of insurance premiums and pay out cash in the form of loss and settlement
expense payments. Additional cash outﬂows occur through the payment of acquisition and underwriting costs such as
commissions, premium taxes, salaries and general overhead. During the loss settlement period, which varies by line of
business and by the circumstances surrounding each claim and may cover several years, insurance companies invest the cash
premiums, thereby earning interest and dividend income. This investment income supplements underwriting results and
contributes to net earnings. Funds from called and matured fixed maturity securities are reinvested at current interest rates.
The low interest rate environment that has existed during the past several years has had a negative impact on the insurance
industry’s investment income.
Insurance pricing has historically been cyclical in nature. Periods of excess capital and increased competition encourage
price reductions and liberal underwriting practices (referred to as a soft market) as insurance companies compete for market
share, while attempting to cover the inevitable underwriting losses from these actions with investment income. A prolonged
soft market generally leads to a reduction in the adequacy of capital in the insurance industry. To cure this condition,
underwriting practices are tightened, premium rate levels increase and competition subsides as companies strive to strengthen
their balance sheets (referred to as a hard market). At the end of 2013, premium rate level increases were beginning to decline,
after increasing consistently during the three previous years. This trend of declining premium rate increases continued through
2016, where premium rate increases were slightly positive. It is important to note that the hardening of the market that
occurred during 2011, 2012 and 2013 was somewhat unusual in that it was not driven by a reduction in capital adequacy, but
rather by a persistent decline in investment income and an increase in severe weather events. The outlook for 2017 is that the
Company's overall premium rate level will remain steady or increase slightly.
A substantial determinant of an insurance company’s underwriting results is its loss and settlement expense reserving
practices. Insurance companies must estimate the amount of losses and settlement expenses that will ultimately be paid to
settle claims that have occurred to date (loss and settlement expense reserves). This estimation process is inherently subjective
with the possibility of widely varying results, particularly for certain highly volatile types of claims (i.e., asbestos,
environmental and various casualty exposures, such as products liability, where the loss amount and the parties responsible are
difficult to determine). During a soft market, inadequate premium rates put pressure on insurance companies to under-estimate
their loss and settlement expense reserves in order to report better results. Correspondingly, inadequate reserves can play an
integral part in bringing about a hard market, because increased profitability from higher premium rate levels can be used to
strengthen inadequate reserves.
The Company closely monitors the activities of state legislatures, the United States Congress and federal and state
agencies through its membership in various organizations. In particular, our trade organizations are working to achieve a
nationwide data security and breach standard, to promote accident avoidance and accident prevention technology, to oppose
legislative or regulatory changes that weaken the private workers' compensation insurance marketplace, to prevent the Federal
Insurance Ofﬁce and other federal and international entities expanding their control of the insurance industry from undermining
the consumer-focused state insurance regulatory system, to pass appropriate tax reform legislation, and to continue eﬁorts to
obtain an exemption for homeowners’ insurers from disparate impact liability under the Fair Housing Act.
55