Reinsurance
The Company’s reinsurance subsidiary is party to a quota share reinsurance retrocessional agreement (the “quota share
agreement”) with Employers Mutual. Under the terms of the quota share agreement, the reinsurance subsidiary assumes 100
percent of Employers Mutual’s assumed reinsurance business, subject to certain exceptions. EMC Reinsurance Company also
writes a relatively small amount of assumed reinsurance business on a direct basis (outside the quota share reinsurance
agreement).
The Company's reinsurance subsidiary also has an inter-company reinsurance program in place with Employers Mutual,
covering both business assumed from Employers Mutual through the quota share agreement, as well as business obtained
outside the quota share agreement. The Inter-Company Committees of the boards of directors of the Company and Employers
Mutual approved a change in the inter-company reinsurance program between the Company's reinsurance subsidiary and
Employers Mutual for calendar year 2016. The 2016 reinsurance program consists of two treaties. The first was a per
occurrence catastrophe excess of loss treaty with a retention of $10.0 million, a limit of $10.0 million, 20 percent co-
participation, and no reinstatement. The total cost of this treaty was approximately $2.0 million. The second was an annual
aggregate catastrophe excess of loss treaty with a retention of $20.0 million, a limit of $100.0 million, and 20 percent co-
participation. The total cost of this treaty was approximately $3.1 million. Any losses recovered under the per occurrence
treaty inure to the benefit of the aggregate treaty, and only catastrophic events with total losses greater than $500,000 are
subject to the terms of the aggregate treaty. Prior to 2016, the reinsurance program with Employers Mutual consisted of a
single excess of loss reinsurance agreement. Under the terms of that agreement, the reinsurance subsidiary retained the first
$4.0 million of losses per event, and also retained 20.0 percent of any losses between $4.0 million and $10.0 million and 10.0
percent of any losses between $10.0 million and $50.0 million. The cost of the excess of loss reinsurance protection, which
included reimbursement for the cost of reinsurance protection purchased by Employers Mutual to protect itself from the
assumption of excessive losses in the event of a major catastrophe, was 8.0 percent of the reinsurance subsidiary’s total
assumed reinsurance premiums written in 2015 and 2014.
In connection with the change in the inter-company reinsurance program in 2016, the reinsurance subsidiary began
purchasing additional reinsurance protection in peak exposure territories from external parties in which coverage is triggered
when losses experienced by the insurance industry from a catastrophic event exceed a specified threshold. Any reinsurance
recoveries received from external parties reduces the amount of losses ceded to Employers Mutual under the inter-company
reinsurance program. The net cost of this external reinsurance protection was approximately $3.5 million in 2016.
All transactions occurring under the quota share agreement and the inter-company reinsurance program are based on
statutory accounting principles. Certain adjustments are made to the statutory-basis amounts assumed by the Company's
reinsurance subsidiary to bring the amounts into compliance with GAAP.
The reinsurance subsidiary does not directly reinsure any of the insurance business written by Employers Mutual or the
other pool participants; however, Employers Mutual assumes reinsurance business from the Mutual Reinsurance Bureau
underwriting association (MRB), which provides a small amount of reinsurance protection to the members of the EMC
Insurance Companies pooling agreement. As a result, the reinsurance subsidiary’s assumed exposures include a small portion
of the EMC Insurance Companies’ direct business, after ceded reinsurance protections purchased by MRB are applied. In
addition, the reinsurance subsidiary does not reinsure any “involuntary” facility or pool business that Employers Mutual
assumes pursuant to state law. The reinsurance subsidiary assumes all foreign currency exchange gain/loss associated with
contracts incepting on January 1, 2006 and thereafter that are subject to the quota share agreement.
Operations of the quota share agreement and the inter-company reinsurance program give rise to inter-company balances
with Employers Mutual, which are generally settled during the month following the end of each quarter. The investment and
income tax activities of the reinsurance subsidiary are not subject to the quota share agreement.
Property and Casualty Insurance and Reinsurance
The Company does not have any employees of its own. Employers Mutual performs all operations for all of its
subsidiaries and aﬁiliate. Such services include data processing, claims, ﬁnancial, actuarial, legal, auditing, marketing and
underwriting. Employers Mutual allocates a portion of the cost of these services to its subsidiaries that do not participate in the
pooling agreement based upon a number of criteria, including usage of the services and the number of transactions. The
remaining costs are charged to the pooling agreement and each pool participant shares in the total cost in accordance with its
pool participation percentage.
Investment expenses are based on actual expenses incurred by the Company plus an allocation of other investment
expenses incurred by Employers Mutual, which is based on a weighted—average of total invested assets and number of
investment transactions.
5