FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT INDUSTRY SEGMENTS
For information concerning the Company’s revenues, results of operations and identifiable assets attributable to each of
its industry segments over the past three years, see note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8
of this Form lO-K.
NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
Principal Products
Property and Casualty Insurance
The Company’s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries and the other parties to the pooling agreement underwrite
both commercial and personal lines of property and casualty insurance. Those coverages consist of the following types of
insurance:
Commercial Lines
- Automobile - policies purchased by insureds engaged in a commercial activity that provide protection against liability
for bodily injury and property damage arising from automobile accidents, and protection against loss from damage to
automobiles owned by the insured.
- Property - policies purchased by insureds engaged in a commercial activity that provide protection against damage or
loss to property (other than autos) owned by the insured.
° Workers’ Compensation - policies purchased by employers to provide benefits to employees for injuries incurred
during the course of employment. The extent of coverage is established by the workers’ compensation laws of each
state.
- Liability - policies purchased by insureds engaged in a commercial activity that provide protection against liability for
bodily injury or property damage to others resulting from acts or omissions of the insured or its employees.
° Other - includes a broad range of policies purchased by insureds engaged in a commercial activity that provide
protection with respect to burglary and theft loss, aircraft, marine and other types of losses. This category also
includes fidelity and surety bonds issued to secure performance.
Personal Lines
- Includes automobile policies purchased by individuals that provide protection against liability for bodily injury and
property damage arising from automobile accidents, and protection against loss from damage to automobiles owned
by the insured; homeowners policies purchased by individuals that provide protection against damage or loss to
property (other than autos) owned by the individual; and umbrella policies purchased by individuals that provide
protection against liability for bodily injury or property damage to others resulting from acts or omissions of the
insured.
6