Fifteen different averaging periods/methods are used in the incurred and paid chain ladder methods to produce
development factors to ultimate, from which the five medial estimates are generally selected to produce the chain ladder
ultimate estimates. Thus, using both the incurred and paid chain ladder methods, ten ultimate loss estimates are produced
for each accident year and accident quarter. Since the pool participants do not establish settlement expense reserves on an
individual claim basis, there is no corresponding incurred allocated settlement expense data upon which to apply the chain
ladder method. Therefore, only five ultimate allocated settlement expense estimates are produced for each accident year
and accident quarter as only the paid chain ladder method can be applied.
In addition to the accident year and accident quarter ultimate loss and allocated settlement expense estimates
produced from the chain ladder methods, the actuarial department employs the following methodologies on an incurred
and paid basis: Bornhuetter-Ferguson, Benktander (iterative Bornhuetter-Ferguson), Ultimate Frequency-Severity and
Generalized Cape Cod. The actuarial department will also sometimes apply the Expected Loss Ratio Method for
extremely immature accident years/quarters. For allocated settlement expenses, the actuarial department also produces
ultimate estimates by applying the chain ladder approach to the ratio of paid allocated settlement expenses to paid losses.
The ultimate factors from these paid-to-paid ratios are applied to the ultimate losses determined by the paid chain ladder
method to produce ultimate allocated settlement expense dollar amounts.
Range of Reasonable Ultimates and Management's Best Estimate: Except for the Expected Loss Ratio Method,
each of the above listed methods are employed, where applicable, using each of the five factors to ultimate from the
incurred and paid chain ladder methods. This results in forty-five ultimate loss estimates and thirty-five ultimate allocated
settlement expense estimates, exclusive of the special situations where the Expected Loss Ratio Method is also applied.
The actuarial department examines the indicated ultimate amounts for each category (losses and allocated settlement
expenses) and each accident year/quarter, and applies judgment and knowledge of each method’s biases (if any) to exclude
unreasonable estimates. The maximum and minimum of the remaining estimates define the range of reasonable ultimates.
The point estimates within the range are further scrutinized for evenness of spread or for evidence of clustering around
specific estimates. A comparison is also made to previous estimates. For the latest accident years, management generally
selects an estimate in the third, or possibly fourth, quartile of the reasonable range as the best estimate. For more mature
years, the mean is generally selected to be management's best estimate.
The selected point estimate for each accident year/quarter is divided by its corresponding earned premiums to
produce the expected ultimate loss and allocated settlement expense ratios. At quarter end, the ratios are applied to the
corresponding calendar year/quarter earned premiums to produce the ultimate estimated dollar amounts, from which the
amounts incurred to date are subtracted to produce the IBNR loss and allocated settlement expense reserves to be recorded.
Reserves for Storms ana’ Catastrophic Events
IBNR loss reserves for storms and catastrophic events are established by the branch oﬁices in conjunction with the
home office claims department. IBNR loss reserves associated with storms and catastrophic events are event-specific. The
pool participants define a storm or catastrophic event as any event for which the Property Liability Research Bureau
(PLRB) assigns an occurrence number. When a storm or catastrophic event occurs, the location of the event is overlaid
with a map of the pool participants’ exposures. Using this information and other factors (such as wind speed and the size
of any hail), the affected branch office(s) are contacted and requested to develop a loss estimate based on projections of
loss frequency and severity in their location. To develop this loss estimate, large accounts located in the affected areas are
contacted. Based on this information and discussions with local agents, both the number and severity of estimated losses
are projected by location. Management then compiles and analyzes this information and calculates a total loss
estimate. The total loss estimate is generally established within two weeks of an event and is adjusted, if necessary, as the
actual claims are inspected. At each reporting date, the total amount of reported losses associated with each storm/
catastrophic event is compared to the most recent total loss estimate for that event, and the difference is recorded as the
storm/catastrophe IBNR loss reserve. Since the pool participants do not establish separate settlement expense reserves for
individual storm and catastrophe claims, the reserving methodology for settlement expenses on these claims is included in
the settlement expense reserving process for general claims.
Reserves for Asbestos and Environmental Claims
The IBNR loss and settlement expense reserves are established jointly for asbestos and environmental liabilities as
the available estimation methodologies require the consideration of both loss and settlement expense payments together.
Management's internal ultimate loss and settlement expense evaluations consist of runoff scenarios based on recent
payment activity and various future payout decay assumptions. The assumptions include published research on industry
payout curves as well as reasonable alternative assumptions selected by the actuarial department. Internal and industry
survival ratios are also monitored to assist in validating assumptions underlying the payout scenarios.
15