EMC INSURANCE GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Description of Business
EMC Insurance Group Inc., a majority owned subsidiary of Employers Mutual Casualty Company (Employers Mutual),
is an insurance holding company with operations in property and casualty insurance and reinsurance. The Company conducts
its property and casualty insurance operations through the following subsidiaries: EMCASCO Insurance Company, Illinois
EMCASCO Insurance Company and Dakota Fire Insurance Company, and its reinsurance operations through its subsidiary,
EMC Reinsurance Company. The Company also has an excess and surplus lines insurance agency subsidiary, EMC
Underwriters, LLC. The term “Company” is used interchangeably to describe EMC Insurance Group Inc. (Parent Company
only) and EMC Insurance Group Inc. and its subsidiaries.
The Company writes property and casualty insurance in both commercial and personal lines of insurance, with a focus
on medium-sized commercial accounts. Approximately 37 percent of the premiums written are in Iowa and contiguous states.
The Company’s reinsurance business is primarily written through a quota share reinsurance agreement with Employers Mutual.
A small portion of the assumed reinsurance business is written on a direct basis, outside the quota share reinsurance agreement.
Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of US. generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP), which differ in some respects from those followed in reports to insurance regulatory authorities. All significant inter-
company balances and transactions have been eliminated.
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. The Company has evaluated all subsequent events through the date the financial
statements were issued.
Property and Casualty Insurance and Reinsurance Operations
Premiums written is the amount charged for policies issued during a reporting period. Property and casualty insurance
premiums are recognized as revenue ratably over the terms of the respective policies. Unearned premiums are calculated on
the daily pro rata method. Both domestic and foreign assumed reinsurance premiums are recognized as revenues ratably over
the terms of the related contracts and underlying policies. Amounts paid as ceded reinsurance premiums are reported as
prepaid reinsurance premiums and are amortized over the remaining contract period in proportion to the amount of reinsurance
protection provided. Reinsurance reinstatement premiums are recognized in the same period as the loss event that gave rise to
the reinstatement premiums.
Costs related to the acquisition of insurance contracts are deferred and amortized to expense as the associated premium
revenue is recognized. Only incremental costs or costs directly related to the successful acquisition of new or renewal
insurance contracts are capitalized. Accordingly, acquisition costs consist of commissions, premium taxes, and salary and
benefit expenses of employees directly involved in the underwriting of insurance policies that are successfully issued.
The method followed in computing deferred policy acquisition costs limits the amount of such deferred costs to the
estimated realizable value. In determining estimated realizable value, the computation gives effect to the premium to be
earned, related investment income, anticipated losses and settlement expenses, anticipated policyholder dividends, and certain
other costs expected to be incurred to administer the insurance policies as the premium is earned. The anticipated losses and
settlement expenses are not discounted and are based on the Company’s projected loss and settlement expense ratios for the
next twelve months, which include catastrophe loads based on historical results adjusted for recent trends. The occurrence of a
significant catastrophic event, and/or the accumulation of catastrophe losses would not have a direct impact on the
determination of premium deficiencies; however, such occurrences would be included in the historical results that are used to
establish the catastrophe loads. A premium deficiency is first recognized by expensing the amount of unamortized deferred
policy acquisition costs necessary to eliminate the deficiency. If the premium deficiency is greater than the unamortized
deferred policy acquisition costs, a liability is accrued for the excess deficiency. The Company did not record a premium
deficiency for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 or 2014.
106