Premiums - Amounts paid by policyholders to purchase insurance coverages.
Premiums Earned - The recognition of the portion of premiums written directly related to the expired
portion of an insurance policy for a given reporting period.
Net Premiums Written - Premiums written during a given reporting period, net of assumed and ceded
reinsurance, which correlate directly to the insurance coverage provided.
Unearned Premium - The portion of premiums written which would be returned to a policyholder upon
cancellation.
Premiums Written - The cost of insurance coverage. Premiums written refer to premiums for all policies
sold during a speciﬁed accounting period.
Quota Share Reinsurance Agreement — A form of reinsurance in which the reinsurer assumes a stated percentage
of all premiums, losses and related expenses in a given class of business.
Realized Investment Gains/Losses - The amount of net gains/losses realized when an investment is sold at a
price higher or lower than its original cost or carrying amount. Also the amount of loss recognized when an
investment’s carrying value is reduced to fair value due to an other—than-temporary impairment in the fair value
of that investment.
Reinsurance - The contractual arrangement by which one or more insurers, called reinsurers, in exchange for
premium payments, agree to assume all or part of a risk originally undertaken by another insurer. Reinsurance
“spreads risk” among insurance enterprises, allowing individual companies to reduce exposure to losses and provide
additional capacity to write insurance.
Reserves - The provision for the estimated future cost of all unpaid claims. The total includes known claims as well
as amounts for claims that have occurred but have not been reported to the insurer (IBNR).
Return on Equity (ROE) - Net income divided by average stockholders” equity.
Risk-Based Capital - A model developed by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners which attempts
to measure the minimum statutory capital needs of property and casualty insurance companies based upon the risks
in a company’s mix of products and investment portfolio.
Settlement Expenses - Expenses incurred in the process of investigating and settling claims.
Statutory Accounting - Accounting practices used by insurance companies to prepare ﬁnancial statements
submitted to state regulatory authorities. Statutory accounting differs from GAAP in that it stresses insurance
company solvency rather than the matching of revenues and expenses.
Underwriting Gain/Loss - Represents insurance premium income less insurance claims, settlement and
underwriting expenses.
Unrealized Holding Gains/Losses on Investments - Represents the difference between the current market
value of investments and the basis at the end of a reporting period.