There is an inherent amount of uncertainty involved in the establishment of insurance liabilities. This uncertainty is
greatest in the current and more recent accident years because a smaller percentage of the expected ultimate claims have been
reported, adjusted and settled compared to more mature accident years. For this reason, carried reserves for these accident
years reﬂect prudently conservative assumptions. As the carried reserves for these accident years run oﬁ, the overall
expectation is that, more often than not, favorable development will occur. However, there is also the possibility that the
ultimate settlement of liabilities associated with these accident years will show adverse development, and such adverse
development could be substantial.
During the third quarter of 2016, management implemented a new reserving methodology for the determination of direct
bulk reserves in the property and casualty insurance segment. The new methodology, which is referred to as the accident year
ultimate estimate approach, better conforms to industry practices and will provide increased transparency of the drivers of the
property and casualty insurance segment's performance. In connection with this change in reserving methodology, there was a
reallocation of IBNR loss and allocated settlement expense reserves from prior accident years to the current accident year in
multiple lines of business. This change resulted in the movement of approximately $5.6 million of reserves from prior accident
years to the current accident year that is reported as favorable development; however, this development is "mechanical in
nature", and did not have an impact on earnings because the total amount of carried reserves did not change.
Changes in reserve estimates are reﬂected in net income in the year such changes are recorded. Following is an analysis
of the reserve development the Company has experienced during the past three years. Care should be exercised when
attempting to analyze the financial impact of the reported development amounts because, as noted above, 1) the overall
expectation is that, more often than not, favorable development will occur as the prior accident years’ reserves run off, and 2)
development on prior years' reserves resulting solely from changes in the allocation of bulk reserves between the current and
prior accident years does not have any impact on earnings.
2016 Development
For the property and casualty insurance segment, the December 31, 2016 estimate of loss and settlement expense
reserves for accident years 2015 and prior decreased $30.0 million from the estimate at December 31, 2015. This decrease
represents 6.2 percent of the December 31, 2015 gross carried reserves and is primarily attributed to a significant amount of
favorable reserve development experienced in the workers' compensation and other liability lines of business. The favorable
development in the workers' compensation line of business was generated from a change in assumptions due to better than
expected loss frequency for accident year 2015 and loss severity for the most recent accident years. The favorable development
in the other liability line of business was generated from a change in assumptions due to better than expected loss severity.
For the reinsurance segment, the December 31, 2016 estimate of loss and settlement expense reserves for accident years
2015 and prior decreased $10.9 million from the estimate at December 31, 2015. This decrease represents 5.5 percent of the
December 31, 2015 gross carried reserves and is primarily attributed to favorable development in the 2015 accident year in the
HORAD pro rata line of business, and an increase in the amount of negative bulk IBNR loss reserve carried on prior years'
reserves in the MRB book of business.
During 2016, the expected loss ratios utilized for prior contract years remained unchanged, except for ocean marine pro
rata business. The expected loss ratios associated with this contract type were decreased in contract years 2012, 2014 and 2015
from the ratios utilized during 2015. Additionally, the expected loss ratio for contract year 2013 was increased slightly relative
to the 2015 value. These changes were made in response to reserving information supplied by the ceding company, a large
writer of ocean marine pro rata business.
2015 Development
For the property and casualty insurance segment, the December 31, 2015 estimate of loss and settlement expense
reserves for accident years 2014 and prior decreased $13.8 million from the estimate at December 31, 2014. This decrease
represented 3.0 percent of the December 31, 2014 gross carried reserves and was primarily attributed to better than expected
outcomes on claims reported in prior years and favorable development on prior years' settlement expenses. No changes were
made in the key actuarial assumptions utilized to estimate loss and settlement expense reserves during 2015; however, the
accident year allocation factors applied to IBNR loss reserves, bulk case loss reserves and the defense and cost containment
portion of settlement expense reserves were revised at December 31, 2015 as part of the annual review. This change resulted in
the movement of $423,000 of reserves from prior accident years to the current accident year, and hence, was reported as
favorable development on prior years' reserves. Development on prior years’ reserves resulting solely from changes in the
allocation of bulk reserves between the current and prior accident years does not have an impact on earnings.
118