GLOSSARY
Assumed Reinsurance - When one or more insurers, in exchange for a share of the premium, accepts responsibility
to indemnify risk underwritten by another as reinsurance. See “Reinsurance.”
Catastrophe and Storm Losses - Losses from the occurrence of an earthquake, hurricane, explosion, ﬂood, hail
storm or other similar event which results in substantial loss.
Ceded Reinsurance - The transfer of all or part of the risk of insurance loss from an insurer to another as
reinsurance. See “Reinsurance.”
Combined Ratio - A measure of property/casualty underwriting results. It is the ratio of claims, settlement and
underwriting expenses to insurance premiums. When the combined ratio is under 100%, underwriting results are
generally proﬁtable; when the ratio is over 100%, underwriting results are generally unproﬁtable. Underwriting
results do not include net investment income, which may make a signiﬁcant contribution to overall proﬁtability.
Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs - The capitalization of commissions, premium taxes and other expenses related
to the production of insurance business. These costs are deferred and amortized in proportion to related premium
revenue.
Excess of Loss Reinsurance - Coverage for the portion of losses which exceed predetermined retention limits.
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) - The set of practices and procedures that provides the
framework for ﬁnancial statement measurement and presentation. Financial statements in this report were prepared
in accordance with US. GAAP.
Incurred But Not Reported (IBNR) — An estimate of liability for losses that have occurred but not yet been
reported to the insurer. For reinsurance business IBNR may also include anticipated increases in reserves for claims
that have previously been reported.
Incurred Losses and Settlement Expenses - Claims and settlement expenses paid or unpaid for which the
Company has become liable for during a given reporting period.
Loss Reserve Development - A measure of how the latest estimate of an insurance company’s claim obligations
compares to an earlier projection. This is also referred to as the increase or decrease in the provision for insured
events of prior years.
Net Investment Income - Dividends and interest earned during a speciﬁed period from cash and invested assets,
reduced by related investment expenses.
Net Investment Yield - Net investment income divided by average invested assets.
Other-Than-Temporary Investment Impairment Loss — A realized investment loss that is recognized when an
investment’s fair value declines below its carrying value and the decline is deemed to be other-than-temporary.
Pooling Agreement - A joint underwriting operation in which the participants assume a predetermined and ﬁxed
interest in the premiums, losses, expenses and proﬁts of insurance business.