The Company does not discount reserves. Inﬂation is implicitly provided for in the reserving function through analysis
of cost trends, reviews of historical reserving results and projections of future economic conditions. Estimates of individual
case loss reserves are monitored and reviewed on a regular basis by claim staff members. Special attention is given to claims
of $100,000 or greater, and long-term and lifetime medical claims. Based on currently available information, individual case
loss reserves are revised to reﬂect changes in estimated ultimate settlement values.
Despite the inherent uncertainties of estimating loss and settlement expense reserves, management believes that the
Company’s reserves are being calculated in accordance with sound actuarial practices and, based upon current information, that
the reserve for losses and settlement expenses at December 31, 2016 represents management’s best estimate of the Company’s
overall liability.
Reserving Methodology and Determination of Management’s Best Estimate of Overall Liability:
Property and casualty insurance
The property and casualty insurance segment establishes case loss, IBNR loss and settlement expense reserves separately
for three categories of losses, which are (1) all claims other than those stemming from storms, catastrophic events, asbestos and
environmental exposures (general claims), (2) storms and catastrophic events, and (3) asbestos and environmental claims. Case
loss reserves are established on a common basis for all three categories based on the specific facts for each reported claim.
Individual case loss reserves are based on the probable, or most likely, outcome for each claim, with probable outcome defined
as what is most likely to be awarded if the case were to be decided by a civil court in the applicable venue or, in the case of a
workers’ compensation case, by that state’s Workers’ Compensation Commission. IBNR loss and settlement expense reserves
are established differently for the three categories of losses as discussed below.
Reserves for General Claims
Effective September 30, 2016, IBNR loss reserves for general claims are calculated by subtracting paid loss
amounts and the case loss reserves carried on reported claims from the estimated ultimate loss amounts established by line
of business and accident year. Allocated settlement expense reserves are established in a similar manner, except that only
paid expenses to date are subtracted from the estimated ultimates, as adjusters do not establish case-basis settlement
expense reserves. Unallocated settlement expenses reserves are determined through a study of historical paid expenses
compared to paid loses. The unallocated settlement expense reserve established through this process is for all accident
years combined, and the total is allocated to the various accident years proportional to the loss reserves.
Lines of Business and Process Overview
Reserves are evaluated for adequacy on a quarterly basis, and are the end-product of a broader process by which
management establishes estimated ultimate loss (net of salvage, subrogation and reimbursement recoveries) and allocated
settlement expense amounts by line of business and accident year. At quarter-end, carried bulk reserves are established as
the difference between management's estimated ultimate amounts, and the reported amounts incurred to date. At the
highest level, the actuarial department establishes estimated ultimate loss and allocated settlement expense amounts by
accident year for claims aggregated into eight reserving lines of business: personal auto liability, commercial auto liability,
auto physical damage, workers' compensation, other liability, commercial property, homeowners, and an “all other”
category, which consists mostly of fidelity and surety bonds.
For each line of business, the establishment of IBNR loss and allocated settlement expense reserves begins with a
review of historical experience as of the end of the previous quarter. The actuarial department utilizes standard actuarial
incurred and paid chain ladder (triangle) development methods, expected loss and settlement expense ratio methods, and
various methodologies which blend the development and expected ratio methods, such as the Bornhuetter—Ferguson
method. The actuarial department employs these methods using incurred and paid losses and paid allocated settlement
expenses aggregated on both a calendar/accident year basis and an accident quarter basis. The calendar/accident year
development triangles generated in this process contain thirty-five years of historic data, and provide the tail development
factors used in the accident quarter development triangles, which only utilize ten years of historic data. The end result of
the process is a separate set of estimated ultimate ratios to earned premiums for losses and allocated settlement expenses
by reserving line of business and accident year/quarter. At the end of each quarter, the selected estimated ultimate ratios
are applied to the corresponding calendar year/quarter earned premiums to produce the estimated ultimate dollar amounts,
from which the amounts reported to date are subtracted to produce the IBNR loss reserves and allocated settlement
expense reserves to be recorded.
14