TAKHNG SHAPE
High—Scoring Claims Service
We rely on our team members, and they PERSONAL LINES
deliver. The proof is in our outstanding . . .
customer service score for our Claims In order to be the carrier of chOice for our independent agents, we
service; 4.6 in 2016 on a ﬁve—point must have a comprehensive suite of products and services to meet the
scale, which is a 92 percent satisfaction insurance needs of policyholders. With this in mind, we took action
rate- The survey is COHdUCted by an by developing new personal lines products and creating Personal
1ndependent ﬁrm and aSkS quesuons Lines Operations, which marked its ﬁrst year in 2016. This centralized
about professionalism, courtesy, . . . . . .
_ , , operation includes underwriting, research, claims and marketing.
timeliness and whether or not the claims .
. Our new personal auto and homeowners products were implemented
process was thoroughly explained. Our
team members consistently give great effectively in the 22 states where we write personal lines business. As
claims service, and for ﬁve years our we re-underwrite our existing book of personal lines business, our
SCOl’e has been 4.6 01‘ abOVe. independent agents are enthusiastic about these new products and our
competitive position in the marketplace.
EMC Named N0. 2 on 40 Best Public Th . . . . . .
o e personal lines new buSiness premium trend is now pOSitive after
compamesfor Leaders several years of declining premium as we took action by reducing
For the fourth C0nS€CutiV€ Year, EMC exposure concentrations and limiting the impact of underperforming
is liSted as one Of the 40 beSt Public business. We now have an opportunity to carefully grow personal lines
compames for leaders m the Jamaal/.37 business and prudently achieve a more diversiﬁed book of business.
February 2016 issue of ChiefExecum/e
magazine. EMC ranked 2nd in 2016,
moving up from 4th in 2015. "‘
We encourage the development of C 2016 PREMI MS EARNED
our team members through education EM I U
and training programs as we cultivate /7 1% Bonds
the next generation of our company
leaders. This investment in professional Reinsurance Commercial
development enables us to ﬁll a majority AUtO
of our open management positions @% m
with internal candidates, and these
knowledgeable team members give
EMC a com etitive advanta e over .
p . g Personal 3% \ Commercial
other companies. Lines \ [3% Property
*The annual ranking is based on a survey of “(3% \\
organizations worldwide conducted by Chief Executive - \\
in cooperation with GrowthPlay. For more information \
on the 40 Best Companies for Leaders, go to
http://chiefexecutive.net/201 6-best—companies—for-Ieaders.
Workers’ / Commercial
Compensation Liability
l
4