Property and Casualty Insurance Segment
Following is a summary of the carried loss and settlement expense reserves for the property and casualty insurance
segment at December 31, 2016 and 2015.
December 31,
($ in thousands)
Line of business 2016 2015
Commercial lines:
[ Automobile $ 107,328 $ 95,564 1
Property 36,303 34,072
[ Workers' compensation 154,435 160,645 I
Liability 170,580 168,062
[ Other 2,193 2,170 1
Total commercial lines 470,839 460,513
Personal lines 15,548 19,900
[ Total property and casualty insurance segment 733 486,387 7 8 480,413
Branch claims personnel establish case loss reserves for individual claims, with mandatory home office claims
department review of reserves that exceed a speciﬁed threshold. The philosophy utilized to establish case loss reserves is
exposure based, and implicitly assumes a consistent inﬂationary and legal environment. When claims department personnel
establish case loss reserves, they take into account various factors that inﬂuence the potential exposure.
The claims department has implemented specific line-of-business guidelines that are used to establish the individual case
loss reserve estimates. These guidelines, which are used for both short-tail and long-tail claims, require the claims department
personnel to reserve for the probable (most likely) exposure for each claim. Probable exposure is defined as what is likely to be
awarded if the case were to be decided by a civil court in the applicable venue or, in the case of a workers” compensation case,
by that state ’5 Workers’ Compensation Commission. This evaluation process is repeated throughout the life of the claim at
regular intervals, and as additional information becomes available. While performing these regular reviews, the branch claims
personnel are able to make adjustments to the case loss reserves for location and time specific factors, such as legal venue,
inﬂation, and changes in applicable laws.
To provide consistency in the reserving process, the claims department utilizes established claims management processes
and an automated claims system. Claims personnel conduct periodic random case loss reserve reviews to verify the accuracy
of the reserve estimates and adherence to the reserving guidelines. In addition, the claims department has specific line-of-
business management controls for case loss reserves. For example, all workers” compensation claim files are reviewed by
management before benefits are declined, and all casualty case loss reserves are reviewed every 60 days for reserve adequacy.
The automated claims system utilizes an automatic diary process that helps ensure that case loss reserve estimates are
reviewed on a regular basis. The claims system requires written documentation each time a case loss reserve is established or
modified, and provides management with the information necessary to perform individual reserve reviews and monitor reserve
development. In addition, the claims system produces monthly reports that allow management to analyze case loss reserve
development in the aggregate, by branch, by line of business, or by claims adjuster.
As previously noted, a new reserving methodology was implemented in 2016. Under this new methodology, ultimate
loss and allocated settlement expense amounts expected to be incurred are established by accident year and line of business.
The amount of IBNR loss and allocated settlement expense reserves carried at each reporting dated is determined by
subtracting the amounts incurred to date from the ultimate estimated incurred amounts.
Ceded loss reserves are derived by applying the ceded contract terms to the direct loss reserves. For excess of loss
contracts (excluding the catastrophe contract), this is accomplished by applying the ceded contract terms to the case loss
reserves of the ceded claims. For the catastrophe excess of loss contract, ceded loss reserves are calculated by applying the
contract terms to (1) the aggregate case loss reserves on claims stemming from catastrophes and (2) the estimate of IBNR loss
reserves developed for each individual catastrophe. For quota share contracts, ceded loss reserves are calculated as the quota
share percentage multiplied by both case and IBNR loss reserves on the direct business.
61