The program trigger threshold for federal participation in losses was $120.0 million in 2016, and increases $20.0 million
per year until reaching $200.0 million on January 1, 2020. A loss must be $5.0 million or more to count towards the program
trigger threshold. Each insurer has a deductible amount (20 percent of the prior year’s direct commercial lines premiums
earned for the applicable lines of business) and a retention above the deductible (16 percent in 2016, increasing by one
percentage point each year until reaching 20 percent on January 1, 2020). The TRIA Reauthorization Act caps losses at $100.0
billion annually; no insurer that has met its deductible will be liable for payment of any portion of losses above that amount.
For the Company, the TRIA Reauthorization Act deductible is approximately $60.9 million.
Coverage for terrorism losses is included in the pool participants’ reinsurance programs for property and casualty risks
(including coverage for the aggregation of property claims from catastrophic losses). In summary, coverage under the property
contracts includes both domestic and foreign terrorism, though it is restricted to exclude from coverage nuclear, biological,
chemical and radiation (NBCR) losses. Coverage under the casualty contracts also includes both domestic and foreign
terrorism, though NBCR terrorism is covered for one limit per layer.
Reinsurance
In connection with the change in the inter-company reinsurance program in 2016, the reinsurance subsidiary began
purchasing additional reinsurance protection in peak exposure territories from external parties in which coverage is triggered
when losses experienced by the insurance industry from a catastrophic event exceed a specified threshold. Any reinsurance
recoveries received from external parties reduces the amount of losses ceded to Employers Mutual under the inter-company
reinsurance program. The net cost of this external reinsurance protection was approximately $3.5 million in 2016.
The reinsurance subsidiary also assumes and cedes some selected reinsurance business through the quota share
agreement in connection with “fronting” activities initiated by Employers Mutual whereby an agreed upon percentage of the
selected assumed business is ceded to other reinsurer(s) on a pro rata basis. Ceded earned premiums associated with this
fronting activity amounted to $3.7 million during 2016. The ceding of this reinsurance business through these fronting
activities does not discharge the reinsurance subsidiary from its assumed liability to the original cedants, and the ability to
collect reinsurance is subject to the solvency of the reinsurers.
30