REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board of Directors and Stockholders
EMC Insurance Group Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of EMC Insurance Group Inc. and Subsidiaries (the
Company) as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income,
stockholders’ equity and cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016. Our audits also
included the ﬁnancial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15(a). These financial statements and schedules are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and
schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
ﬁnancial position of EMC Insurance Group Inc. and Subsidiaries at December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results
of their operations and their cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with
US. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedules, when considered
in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects the information set forth
therein.
We also have audited, in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
EMC Insurance Group Inc. and Subsidiaries” internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on
criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 6, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
Des Moines, Iowa
March 6, 2017
98