3 Interest expense on long-term debt reﬂects the interest expense on the surplus notes issued by the Company’s property and
casualty insurance subsidiaries to Employers Mutual. The interest rate on the surplus notes is subject to change every five
years (rate was decreased to 1.35 percent effective February 1, 2013, with the next review scheduled for 2018). Interest
payments on the surplus notes are subject to prior approval of the regulatory authorities of the issuing company’s state of
domicile. The balance shown under the heading “More than 5 years” represents estimated interest expense for years six
through ten. Since the surplus notes have no maturity date and the interest rate is subject to change every five years, interest
expense could be greater than the amounts shown.
The participants in the pooling agreement are subject to guaranty fund assessments by states in which they write
business. Guaranty fund assessments are used by states to pay policyholder liabilities of insolvent insurers domiciled in those
states. Many states allow assessments to be recovered through premium tax oﬂsets. The Company has accrued estimated
guaranty fund assessments of $85 1,000 and $912,000 as of December 3 l, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Premium tax offsets of
$1.0 million and $1.1 million, which are related to prior guarantee fund payments and current assessments, have been accrued
as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The guaranty fund assessments are expected to be paid over the next two
years and the premium tax offsets are expected to be realized within ten years of the payments. The participants in the pooling
agreement are also subject to second-injury fund assessments, which are designed to encourage employers to employ workers
with pre-existing disabilities. The Company had accrued estimated second-injury fund assessments of $1.9 million and $1.9
million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The second-injury fund assessment accruals are based on projected
loss payments. The periods over which the assessments will be paid is not known.
The participants in the pooling agreement have purchased annuities from life insurance companies, under which the
claimant is payee, to fund future payments that are fixed pursuant to specific claim settlement provisions. The Company’s
share of case loss reserves eliminated by the purchase of those annuities was $110,000 at December 31, 2016. The Company
had a contingent liability for the aggregate guaranteed amount of the annuities of $ 1 83,000 at December 31, 2016 should the
issuers of those annuities fail to perform. The probability of a material loss due to failure of performance by the issuers of these
annuities is considered remote.
MARKET RISK
The main objectives in managing the Company’s investment portfolios are to maximize after-tax investment return while
minimizing risk, in order to provide maximum support for the underwriting operations. Investment strategies are developed
based upon many factors including the economic environment, business cycle, regulatory requirements, ﬂuctuations in interest
rates, underwriting results and consideration of other market risks. Investment decisions are centrally managed by investment
professionals and are supervised by the investment committees of the respective boards of directors for each of the Company’s
subsidiaries.
Market risk represents the potential for loss due to adverse changes in the fair value of financial instruments, and is
directly inﬂuenced by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the related underlying assets are traded. The market
risks of the financial instruments owned by the Company relate to the investment portfolio, which exposes the Company to
interest rate (inclusive of credit spreads) and equity price risk and, to a lesser extent, credit quality and prepayment risk.
Monitoring systems and analytical tools are in place to assess each of these elements of market risk; however, there can be no
assurance that future changes in interest rates, creditworthiness of issuers, prepayment activity, liquidity available in the market
and other general market conditions will not have a material adverse impact on the Company’s results of operations, liquidity
or financial position.
Interest rate risk (inclusive of credit spreads) includes the price sensitivity of a fixed maturity security to changes in
interest rates, and the effect on the Company’s future earnings from short-term investments and maturing long-term
investments given a change in interest rates. The following table illustrates the sensitivity of the Company’s portfolio of fixed
maturity securities available-for—sale to hypothetical changes in market rates and prices.
92