Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Cautionary Statement for “Safe Harbor” Purposes under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by or on behalf
of the Company. This report contains statements that the Company believes may be “forward-looking statements” within the meaning
of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, particularly statements relating to the Company’s objectives, plans or goals,
future actions, future performance or results of current and anticipated products, sales efforts, expenditures, and ﬁnancial results.
From time to time, the Company also provides forward-looking statements in other publicly-released materials, both written and oral.
F orward-looking statements provide current expectations and forecasts of future events such as new products, revenues and ﬁnancial
performance, and are not limited to describing historical or current facts. They can be identiﬁed by the use of words such as
“believes,” “expects,” “plans,” “intends,” “anticipates,” and other words and phrases of similar meaning.
Forward-looking statements are necessarily based on assumptions, estimates and limited information available at the time they are
made. A broad variety of risks and uncertainties, both known and unknown, as well as the inaccuracy of assumptions and estimates,
can affect the realization of the expectations or forecasts in these statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties are difﬁcult to
predict or are beyond the Company’s control. Consequently, no forward-looking statements can be guaranteed. Actual future results
may vary materially. Signiﬁcant factors affecting the expectations and forecasts are set forth under “Item 1A — Risk Factors” in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reﬂect events or circumstances that arise after
the date hereof. Investors should refer to the Company's subsequent ﬁlings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for further
disclosures.
Executive Summary
The Company reported diluted earnings of $3.79 per share, an increase of 23% from prior year earnings of $3.08 per share.
Worldwide sales were $1.6 billion in 2016 as compared with $1.8 billion in 2015, a decrease of 9%. The decrease in sales was
primarily due to our exit from several service lines in our Energy Services segment resulting from continued weaker market conditions
in the oil and gas sector, weaker conditions in the steel sector, and to previously announced North American paper mill closures in our
Specialty Minerals segment. In addition, foreign exchange had an unfavorable impact on sales of $34.0 million, or 2 percentage
points of decline.
Consolidated income from operations was $220.9 million as compared with $200.3 million in the prior year. This increase was due
to strong results from our Specialty Minerals and Performance Materials segments, due to company-wide productivity improvements
of 7 percent and cost control. In addition, there were lower restructuring costs in 2016 as compared with the prior year. Net income
was $133.4 million as compared to $107.9 million in the prior year.
In 2016, the Company continued to advance the execution of its growth strategies of geographic expansion and new product
innovation and development. Our businesses in China grew 9 percent in 2016 over prior year and our long-term growth targets in the
region remain on track. We began operations of a 100,000 ton satellite plan in China in the third quarter of 2016. The Company
continued to see progress in its major growth strategy of developing and commercializing new products. We have twenty-six
commercial contracts for FulFill® globally. Earlier this year, we also formed an EcoPartnership in China with the Sun Paper Group
and Tsinghua University’s School of Environment to pilot innovation with our NeineldTM process technology aimed at reducing soil
and ground water pollution by converting a waste stream from the papermaking process into useable ﬁller for paper.
Long term debt as of December 31, 2016 was $l,069.9 million. During the 2016, we repaid $193 million of our long-term debt.
Since the acquisition of AMCOL in 2014, we have repaid over $480 million of our Term Loan debt. Cash, cash equivalents and short-
term investments were $191 million as of December 31, 2016. Cash ﬂow from operations for 2016 was $225.0 million. Our intention
continues to be to use excess cash ﬂow primarily to repay debt and to continue to de—lever as quickly as possible.
Outlook
Looking forward, we remain cautious about the state of the global economy and the impact it will have on our product lines.
The Company will continue to focus on innovation and new product development and other opportunities for sales growth from
its existing businesses, as follows:
o Develop multiple high-ﬁller technologies under the FulFill® platform of products, to increase the ﬁll rate in
freesheet paper and continue to progress with commercial discussions and full-scale paper machine trials.
o Develop products and processes for waste management and recycling opportunities to reduce the
environmental impact of the paper mill, reduce energy consumption and improve the sustainability of the
29