Over the past several years the Refractories segment has continued to develop, reformulate, and optimize its products and
application technology to maintain its competitive advantage in the market place. Some of the products the Company has developed
and optimized in the past several years include:
. HOTCRETE®2 High durability shotcrete products for applications at high temperatures in ferrous applications such
as steel ladles, electric arc furnaces (EAF) and basic oxygen furnaces (BOF) furnaces.
. FASTFIRE®z High durability castable and shotcrete products in the non-ferrous and ferrous industries with the added
beneﬁt of rapid dry-out capabilities.
. OPTIFORM®2 A system of products and equipment for the rapid continuous casting of refractories for applications
such as steel ladle safety linings.
- ENDURATEQ®2 A high durability refractory shape for glass contact applications such as plungers and oriﬁce rings.
. DECTEQTM: A system for the automatic control of electrical power feeding electrodes used in electric arc steel
making furnaces.
. LACAM® Torpedo: A laser scanning system that measures the refractory lining thickness inside a Hot Iron
(Torpedo) Ladle. The torpedo ladles transport liquid iron from a blast furnace to the steel plant.
. LACAM®2 A new, fourth generation Lacam® laser measurement device for use in the worldwide steel industry that is
17 times faster than the previous version. This new technology provides the fastest and most accurate laser scanning
for hot surfaces available today.
Refractories Markets
The principal market for the Company's refractory products is the steel industry. Management believes that certain trends in the
steel industry will provide growth opportunities for the Company. These trends include growth and quality improvements in select
geographic regions (e. g., China, Middle East, Eastern Europe and India) the development of improved manufacturing processes such
as thin-slab casting, the trend in North America to shift production from integrated mills to electric arc furnaces (mini-mills) and the
ever-increasing need for improved productivity and longer lasting refractories.
The Company sells its refractory products in the following markets:
Steel Furnace. The Company sells gunnable monolithic refractory products and application systems to users of basic oxygen
furnaces and electric arc furnaces for application on furnace walls to prolong the life of furnace linings.
Other Iron and Steel. The Company sells monolithic refractory materials and pre-cast refractory shapes for iron and steel ladles,
vacuum degassers, continuous casting tundishes, blast furnaces and reheating furnaces. The Company offers a full line of materials to
satisfy most continuous casting refractory applications. This full line consists of gunnable materials, refractory shapes and permanent
linings.
Industrial Refractory Systems. The Company sells refractory shapes and linings to non-steel refractories consuming industries
including glass, cement, aluminum and petrochemicals, power generation and other non-steel industries. The Company also produces
a specialized line of carbon composites and pyrolitic graphite primarily sold under the PYROID® trademark, primarily to the
aerospace and electronics industries.
Metallurgical Products and Markets
The Company produces a number of other technologically advanced products for the steel industry, including calcium metal,
metallurgical wire products and a number of metal treatment specialty products. Net sales of metallurgical products were $55.5
million, $65.2 million and $85.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company
manufactures calcium metal at its Canaan, Connecticut, facility and purchases calcium in international markets. Calcium metal is
used in the manufacture of the Company's PFERROCAL® solid-core calcium wire, and is also sold for use in the manufacture of
batteries and magnets. We also manufacture cored wires at our Canaan, Connecticut and Hengelo, Netherlands, manufacturing sites.
The Company sells metallurgical wire products and associated wire-inj ection equipment for use in the production of high-quality steel.
These metallurgical wire products are injected into molten steel to improve castability and reduce imperfections.
Performance Materials Segment
The Performance Materials segment is a leading supplier of bentonite and bentonite-related products. Bentonite is a sedimentary
deposit containing greater than 50% montmorillonite and is volcanic in origin. It is surface mined and then dried, crushed, sent
through grinding mills where it is sized to customer requirements, and transferred to silos for automatic bagging or bulk shipment.
The processed bentonite may be chemically modiﬁed. Bentonite’s unique chemical structure gives it a diverse range of capabilities,
enabling it to act as a thickener, sealant, binder, lubricant or absorption agent. From a commercial standpoint, there are two primary
types of natural bentonite, sodium and calcium. Sodium-bentonite is characterized by its ability to absorb large amounts of water and
form viscous, thixotropic suspensions. Calcium-bentonite, in contrast, is characterized by its low water absorption and swelling
capabilities and its inability to stay suspended in water. Each type of bentonite has its own unique applications. This segment also
6