MINERALS TECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
variable nature of underlying interest rates. Short-term investments are recorded at cost, which approximates fair market
value.
Derivative Financial Instruments
The Company records derivative ﬁnancial instruments which are used to hedge certain foreign exchange risk at fair value
on the balance sheet. See Note 11 for a full description of the Company's hedging activities and related accounting policies.
Revenue Recognition
Revenue from sale of products is recognized when title passes to the customer, the customer assumes the risks and
rewards of ownership, and collectability is reasonably assured; generally, this occurs when the goods are shipped to the
customer. In most of the Company's PCC contracts, the price per ton is based upon the total number of tons sold to the
customer during the year. Under those contracts the price billed to the customer for shipments during the year is based on
periodic estimates of the total annual volume that will be sold to such customer. Revenues are adjusted at the end of each
year to reﬂect the actual volume sold. The Company also has consignment arrangements with certain customers in our
Refractories segment. Revenues for these transactions are recorded when the consigned products are consumed by the
customer.
Revenue from sales of equipment is recorded upon completion of installation and receipt of customer acceptance.
Revenue from services is recorded when the services have been performed and collectability is reasonably assured.
Revenue from long-term construction contracts is recorded using the percentage-of—completion method. Progress is
generally based upon costs incurred to date as compared to the total estimated costs to complete the work under the contract
or the amount of product installed in relation to the total amount expected to be installed. All known or anticipated losses on
contracts are provided when they become evident. Cost adjustments that are in the process of being negotiated with
customers for extra work or changes in scope of work are included in revenue when collection is reasonably assured.
Foreign Currency
The assets and liabilities of the Company's international subsidiaries are translated into US. dollars using exchange rates
at the respective balance sheet date. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss) in shareholders' equity. Income statement items are generally translated at monthly average exchange rates
prevailing during the period. International subsidiaries operating in highly inﬂationary economies translate non-monetary
assets at historical rates, while net monetary assets are translated at current rates, with the resulting translation adjustments
included in net income. At December 31, 2016, the Company had no international subsidiaries operating in highly
inﬂationary economies.
Income Taxes
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences
between the ﬁnancial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in
income in the period that includes the enactment date.
The Company operates in multiple taxing jurisdictions, both within the US. and outside the US. In certain situations, a
taxing authority may challenge positions that the Company has adopted in its income tax ﬁlings. The Company regularly
assesses its tax position for such transactions and includes reserves for those differences in position. The reserves are utilized
or reversed once the statute of limitations has expired or the matter is otherwise resolved.
The application of income tax law is inherently complex. Laws and regulations in this area are voluminous and are often
ambiguous. As such, we are required to make many subjective assumptions and judgments regarding our income tax
exposures. Interpretations of and guidance surrounding income tax laws and regulations change over time. As such, changes
in our subjective assumptions and judgments can materially affect amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets and
statements of operations. The Company's accounting policy is to recognize interest and penalties as part of its provision for
income taxes. See Note 7 for additional detail on our uncertain tax positions.
The accompanying ﬁnancial statements do not include a provision for US. income taxes on international subsidiaries'
unremitted earnings, which are expected to be permanently reinvested overseas.
Research and Development
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.
F-9