MINERALS TECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Other:
The Company is exposed to potential gains or losses from foreign currency ﬂuctuations affecting net investments and
earning denominated in foreign currencies. The Company is particularly sensitive to currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations for
the following currencies: British pound sterling (GBP), Chinese renminbi (CYN), Euro, Malaysian ringgit (MYR), Polish
zloty (PLN), South African Rand (ZAR), Thai baht (THB) and Turkish lira (TRY). When considered appropriate, the
Company enters into foreign exchange derivative contracts to mitigate the risk of ﬂuctuations on these exposures. The
Company does not designate these contracts for hedge accounting treatment and the changes in fair value of these contracts
are recorded in earnings. The Company recorded losses of $0.6 million and $0.3 million in other non-operating income
(deductions), net within the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended 2016 and 2015, respectively. There were
2 open contracts at December 31, 2016. The fair value of these contracts at December 31, 2016 was not signiﬁcant. There
were no open foreign exchange rate contracts at December 31, 2015.
Refer to Note 12 for further discussion of the determination of the fair value of derivatives.
Note 12. Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Fair value is an exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (exit price) in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company utilizes market data or assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The Company follows a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which
prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. These tiers include: Level 1, deﬁned as observable inputs such as quoted
prices in active markets; Level 2, deﬁned as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or
indirectly observable; and Level 3, deﬁned as unobservable inputs about which little or no market data exists, therefore
requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions.
Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are based on one or more of three valuation techniques. The three valuation
techniques are as follows:
0 Market approach - prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or
comparable assets or liabilities.
- Cost approach - amount that would be required to replace the service capacity of an asset or replacement cost.
0 Income approach - techniques to convert future amounts to a single present amount based on market expectations,
including present value techniques, option-pricing and other models.
The Company primarily applies the income approach for foreign exchange derivatives for recurring fair value
measurements and attempts to utilize valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use
of unobservable inputs.
The following table sets forth by level within the fair value hierarchy the Company's ﬁnancial assets and liabilities
accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each of the past two years. Assets and liabilities are classiﬁed in
their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is signiﬁcant to the fair value measurement. The Company's assessment
of the signiﬁcance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the valuation of fair
value assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels.
7 I Fair Value Measurements Using
Asset / Significant
Description (Liability) Quoted Prices in Other Signiﬁcant
Active Markets for Observable Unobservable
Balance at Identical Assets Inputs Inputs
12/31/16 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3)
I (millions of dollars) I
Deferred compensation plan assets $ 10.8 $ - $ 10.8 $ -
Supplementary pension plan assets 10.4 - 10.4 -
Interest rate swap 2.5 - 2.5 -
F-23