ﬂoating rate tranche of the Term Facility bear interest at a rate equal to an adjusted LIBOR rate (subject to a ﬂoor of 0.75%) plus an
applicable margin equal to 2.25% per annum. Loans under the ﬁxed rate tranche of the Term Facility bear interest at a rate of 4.75%.
Loans under the Revolving Facility will bear interest at a rate equal to an adjusted LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin equal to
1.75% per annum. Such rates are subject to decrease by up to 25 basis points in the event that, and for so long as, the Company’s net
leverage ratio (as deﬁned in the credit agreement) is less than certain thresholds. The ﬂoating rate tranche of the Term Facility was
issued at par and the ﬁxed rate tranche of the Term Facility was issued at a 0.25% discount in connection with the First Amendment.
The variable rate tranche of the Term Facility was issued at a 0.25% discount in connection with the Second Amendment. The
variable rate tranche has a 1% required amortization per year. The Company will pay certain fees under the credit agreement,
including customary annual administration fees. The loans under the ﬁxed rate tranche of the Term Facility are subject to prepayment
premiums in the event of certain prepayments prior to the third anniversary of the effective date of the First Amendment, and the loans
under the ﬂoating rate tranche of the Term Facility are subject to prepayment premiums in the event of certain prepayments prior to
the six-month anniversary of the effective date of the Second Amendment. The obligations of the Company under the Facilities are
unconditionally guaranteed jointly and severally by, subject to certain exceptions, all material domestic subsidiaries of the Company
(the “Guarantors”) and secured, subject to certain exceptions, by a security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company
and the Guarantors.
The credit agreement contains certain customary afﬁrmative and negative covenants that limit or restrict the ability of the
Company and its restricted subsidiaries to enter into certain transactions or take certain actions. In addition, the credit agreement
contains 3a ﬁnancial covenant that requires the Company, if on the last day of any ﬁscal quarter loans or letters of credit were
outstanding under the Revolving Facility (excluding up to $15 million of letters of credit), to maintain a maximum net leverage ratio
(as deﬁned in the credit agreement) of, initially, 5.25 to 1.00 for the four ﬁscal quarter period preceding such day. Such maximum net
leverage ratio requirement is subject to decrease during the duration of the facility to a minimum level (when applicable) of 3.50 to
1.00. As of December 31, 2016, there were no loans and $12.2 million in letters of credit outstanding under the Revolving Facility.
The Company is in compliance with all the covenants associated with this Revolving Facility as of the end of the period covered by
this report.
The Company has ﬁve committed loan facilities for the funding of new manufacturing facilities in China, for a combined 94.8
million RMB and $1.8 million. In December 2016, the Company entered into a committed loan facility in the amount of 680 million
Yen (approximately $5.8 million). As of December 31, 2016, on a combined basis, $15.0 million was outstanding. Principal will be
repaid in accordance with the payment schedules ending in 2021. The Company repaid $3.2 million on these loans in 2016.
As of December 31, 2016, the Company had $34.8 million in uncommitted short-term bank credit lines, of which approximately
$6.1 million was in use. The credit lines are primarily outside the US. and are generally one year in term at competitive market rates
at large well- established ﬁnancial institutions. The Company typically uses its available credit lines to fund working capital
requirements or local capital spending needs. We anticipate that capital expenditures for 2017 should be between $70 million and $75
million, principally related to the construction of PCC plants and other opportunities that meet our strategic growth objectives. We
expect to meet our other long-term ﬁnancing requirements from internally generated funds, committed and uncommitted bank credit
lines and, where appropriate, project ﬁnancing of certain satellite plants.
On April 5, 2016, the Company entered into a ﬂoating to ﬁxed interest rate swap for an initial aggregate notional amount of $300
million to limit exposure to interest rate increases related to a portion of the Company’s ﬂoating rate indebtedness. The notional
amount at December 31, 2016 was $257 million. This swap hedges a portion of contractual ﬂoating rate interest through May 2021.
As a result of the swap, the Company’s effective ﬁxed interest rate on the notional amount of ﬂoating rate indebtedness will be 4.25%.
On September 16, 2015, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the Company’s management to repurchase, at its discretion,
up to $150 million of the Company’s shares over a two-year period commencing October 3, 2015. During 2016, 54,098 shares have
been repurchased under this program for $2.6 million, or an average price of approximately $48.91 per share.
On January 18, 2017, the Company's Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly dividend on its common stock of $0.05 per
share. No dividend will be payable unless declared by the Board and unless funds are legally available for payment thereof.
37