business interruption and casualty insurance but such insurance may not cover all risks associated with the hazards of our
business and is subject to limitations, including deductibles and maximum liabilities covered. We may incur losses beyond
the limits, or outside the coverage, of our insurance policies. Further, from time to time, we may experience capacity
limitations in our manufacturing operations. In addition, if we are unable to effectively forecast our customers’ demand, it
could affect our ability to successfully manage operating capacity limitations. These hazards, limitations, disruptions in
supply and capacity constraints could adversely affect financial results.
0 Operating results for some of our segments are seasonal.
Our Energy Services and Construction Technologies segments are affected by seasonal weather patterns. A majority of
our Energy Services revenues are derived from the Gulf of Mexico and surrounding states, which are susceptible to
hurricanes that typically occur June 15t through November 30th. In addition, it is affected by customers’ demands for
natural gas. Natural gas is affected by weather patterns as colder winters increase the demand for natural gas to heat
homes and warmer summers increase the demand for natural gas to fuel generators providing electricity to run air
conditioners. Actual or threatened hurricanes or changes in the demand for natural gas can result in volatile demand for
services provided by our Energy Services segment. Our Construction Technologies segment is affected by weather
patterns which determine the feasibility of construction activities. Typically, less construction activity occurs in winter
months and thus this segment’s revenues tend to be greatest in the second and third quarters when weather patterns in our
geographic markets are more conducive to construction activities. Our Processed Minerals product line is subject to
similar seasonal patterns.
0 Our operations are subject to cyber-attacks that could have a material adverse impact on our business,
consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
Our operations are becoming increasingly dependent on digital technologies and services. We use these technologies for
internal purposes, including data storage, processing, and transmissions, as well as in our interactions with customers and
suppliers. Digital technologies are subject to the risk of cyber-attacks. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity
risks prove not to be sufﬁcient, we could be adversely affected by, among other things: loss of or damage to intellectual
property, proprietary or conﬁdential information, or customer, supplier, or employee data; interruption of our business
operations; and increased costs required to prevent, respond to, or mitigate cybersecurity attacks. These risks could harm
our reputation and our relationships with customers, suppliers, employees, and other third parties, and may result in claims
against us. In addition, these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations,
and consolidated financial condition.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
1 8