through December 31, 2016 was over 9%. The Company’s assets are strategically allocated among equity, debt and
other investments to achieve a diversiﬁcation level that dampens ﬂuctuations in investment returns. The Company’s
long-term investment strategy is an investment portfolio mix of approximately 55%-65% in equity securities, 30%—3 5%
in ﬁxed income securities and 0%-15% in other securities. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately
60% of its pension assets in equity securities, 33% in ﬁxed income securities and 7% in other securities.
In 2016, a net loss of $4.6 million ($3.2 million after-tax) was recorded in other comprehensive income, primarily due
to a change in discount rates. In 2015, a net gain of $10 million ($7 million after-tax) was recorded in other
comprehensive income, primarily due to a change in discount rates and updated mortality tables. In 2014, a net loss of
$48.5 million ($31.1 million after-tax) was recorded in other comprehensive income, primarily due to a change in
discount rates.
We recognized pension expense of $14.2 million in 2016 as compared to $18.9 million in 2015. Accounting guidance
on retirement beneﬁts requires companies to discount future beneﬁt obligations back to today’s dollars using a discount
rate that is based on high-quality ﬁxed-income investments. A decrease in the discount rate increases the pension
beneﬁt obligation, while an increase in the discount rate decreases the pension beneﬁt obligation. This increase or
decrease in the pension beneﬁt obligation is recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive income and subsequently
amortized into earnings as an actuarial gain or loss. The guidance also requires companies to use an expected long-
term rate of return on plan assets for computing current year pension expense. Differences between the actual and
expected returns are also recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently amortized
into earnings as actuarial gains and losses. At the end of 2016, total actuarial losses recognized in Accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) for pension plans were ($82.0 million), as compared to ($80.5 million) in 2015. The
majority of the actuarial losses were due to decreases in the discount rate in 2012 and lower actual rates of return on
assets than expected during the ﬁnancial crisis of 2008.
Actuarial losses for pensions will be impacted in future periods by actual asset returns, discount rate changes, actual
demographic experience and other factors that impact these expenses. These losses, reported in Accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss), will generally be amortized as a component of net periodic beneﬁt cost on a straight-line
basis over the average remaining service period of active employees expected to receive beneﬁts under the beneﬁt
plans. At the end of 2016, the average remaining service period of active employees or life expectancy for fully
eligible employees was 10 years. We expect our 2017 amortization of net actuarial losses to be approximately the same
level as 2016, which was $10.7 million.
0 Asset Retirement Obligations: We currently record the obligation for estimated asset retirement costs at fair value in
the period incurred. Factors such as expected costs and expected timing of settlement can affect the fair value of the
obligations. A revision to the estimated costs or expected timing of settlement could result in an increase or decrease in
the total obligation which would change the amount of amortization and accretion expense recognized in earnings over
time.
A one-percent increase or decrease in the discount rate would change the total obligation by approximately $0.1
million. A one-percent increase or decrease in the inﬂation rate would change the total obligation by approximately
$0.1 million.
0 Stock Based Compensation: The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of
stock options on their date of grant. This model is based upon assumptions relating to the volatility of the stock price,
the life of the option, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. Of these, stock price volatility and option life require
greater levels of judgment and are therefore critical accounting estimates.
We used a stock price volatility assumption based upon the historical and implied volatility of the Company's stock.
We believe this is a good indicator of future, actual and implied volatilities. For stock options granted in the period
ended December 31, 2016, the Company used a volatility assumption of 36.75%.
The expected life calculation was based upon the observed and expected time to post-vesting forfeiture and exercise.
For stock options granted during the ﬁscal year ended December 31, 2016, the Company used a 6.5 year life
assumption.
The Company believes the above critical estimates are based upon outcomes most likely to occur. If we were to
simultaneously increase or decrease the option life by one year and the volatility by 100 basis points, recognized
compensation expense would have changed approximately $0.1 million in either direction for the year ended December
31, 2016.
For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting policies, see "Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting
Policies" in the Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the
consolidated ﬁnancial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report.
41