supplies chromite and leonardite, which is primarily used in metalcasting, drilling ﬂuid additive, and agricultural applications. The
principal products of this segment are marketed under various registered trade names, including VOLCLAY®, PANTHER CREEK®,
PREMIUM GEL®, ADDITROL®, ENERSOL®, and Hevi-Sand®.
The Performance Materials segment has three product lines — metalcasting; household, personal care and specialty products; and
basic minerals and other products.
Metalcasting Products and Markets
The metalcasting product line produces custom-blended mineral and non-mineral products to strengthen sand molds for casting
auto parts, farm and construction equipment, oil and gas production equipment, power generation turbine castings and rail car
components. These products help our customers in the foundry and casting industry to improve productivity by reducing scrap from
metalcasting defects and poor surface quality. The ADDITROL® blends also improve the efﬁciency and recycling of sand blends in
mold sand systems by lowering clay consumption, and improve air quality by reducing volatile organic compound emissions. Our
mine to mold operational capability has resulted in providing a consistent high quality product, technical support and reliable on-time
delivery service valued by our customers.
In the ferrous casting market, the Company specializes in blending bentonite of various grades by themselves or with mineral
binders containing sodium bentonite, calcium bentonite, seacoal and other ingredients.
In the steel alloy casting market, the Company sells chromite products with a particle size distribution speciﬁc to customers’
needs. One of chromite’s qualities is its ability to conduct heat. Thus, the Company markets the product for use in making very large,
high integrity, steel alloy castings where the chromite is better suited to withstand the high heat and pressure associated with the
casting process. This product line was originally sold into the US. by the American Colloid Company (ACC) and over the past 90
years has grown in its use throughout the world including China, Thailand, Korea, Australia and Southeast Asia. Over the past two
years, the Company has focused on further investment in China and establishing a market position in India.
In January 2015, the Company announced that it entered into an agreement with Glencore in South Africa, where the Company
mines chromite. Under the agreement, Glencore will supply chromite products from the Glencore-Merafe joint venture that will be
exclusively distributed by the Company in certain territories, including the Americas.
The Company’s metalcasting product line net sales were $258.0 million in 2016, $266.4 million in 2015 and $181.4 million from
May 9, 2014, through December 31, 2014.
Household, Personal Care and Specialty Products and Markets
The household, personal care and specialty products contain pet litter, fabric care, health and beauty, and agricultural specialty
products.
The pet litter products include sodium bentonite-based scoopable (clumping), traditional and alternative cat litters sold to grocery
and drug stores, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs and pet specialty stores throughout North America, Europe and Asia. The
Company’s scoopable products’ clump-forming capability traps urine, thereby reducing waste by allowing for easy removal of only
the odor-producing elements from the litter box. The Company is primarily a provider of private-label cat litter to retail partners, as
well as a provider of bulk cat litter to national brands and other private label packaging companies. In North America, these products
are sold from three principal sites from which we package and distribute ﬁnished goods, as well as ship bulk material via rail cars. The
Company’s internal transportation group provides logistics services and is a key component of our capability in supplying customers
on a national basis.
The Company supplies fabric care products and additives consisting of high-grade, agglomerated bentonite and other mineral
additives that perform as softening agents in certain powdered-detergent formulations or act as carriers for colorants and fragrances.
These fabric care products are not only cost-effective but also provide product development capabilities to adapt along with our
customers’ requirements.
The Company manufactures personal care products consisting of polymer delivery systems and puriﬁed grades of bentonite
ingredients for sale to manufacturers of skin care products. The polymers are used to deliver high-value actives and the bentonite-
based materials act as thickening, suspension and dispersion agent emollients for topical skin care formulations. The personal care
products range from ingredient sales to fully formulated ﬁnished goods.
Specialty materials products contain bentonite and leonardite based proprietary solutions for consumer and industrial applications.
Agricultural is the main market segment in this product line.
The Company’s household, personal care and specialty product line net sales were $171.2 million in 2016, $172.7 million in 2015
and $108.0 million from May 9, 2014, through December 31, 2014.
7