Bentonite is surface mined, generally with large earthmoving scrapers, and then loaded into trucks and off-highway-haul wagons
for movement to processing plants. The mining and hauling of our bentonite is done by us and by independent contractors. At the
processing plants, bentonite is dried, crushed and sent through grinding mills, where it is sized to customer requirements, then
chemically modiﬁed, where needed, and transferred to silos for automatic bagging or bulk shipment. Most of the production is shipped
as processed rather than stored for inventory.
For our Performance Materials segment, we also mine leonardite, a form of oxidized lignite, in North Dakota, and chromite, an iron
chromium oxide, in South Africa, and transport them to nearby processing facilities. Assuming the continuation of 2016 annualized
usage rates, the Company has reserves of commercially usable leonardite for the next 97 years, and commercially usable chromite for
the next 40 years.
The Processed Minerals product line of our Specialty Minerals segment is supported by the Company's limestone reserves located
in the western and eastern parts of the United States, and talc reserves located in Montana. The Company generally owns and surface
mines these reserves and processes its products at nearby processing plants. The Company estimates these reserves, at current usage
levels, to be in excess of 40 years at its limestone production facilities and in excess of 14 years at its talc production facility.
The Company has ongoing exploration and development activities for all of its mineral interests with the intent to increase its
proven and probable reserves.
See Item 2, “Properties,” for more information with respect to those facilities.
The Company relies on shipping bulk cargos of bentonite from the United States, Turkey and China to customers, as well as our
own subsidiaries, and we are sensitive to our ability to recover these shipping costs. In the last few years, bulk cargo shipping rates
have been very volatile, and, to a lesser extent, the availability of bulk cargo containers has been sporadic.
Competition
The Company is continually engaged in efforts to develop new products and technologies and reﬁne existing products and
technologies in order to remain competitive and to position itself as a market leader.
With respect to its PCC products, the Company competes for sales to the paper industry with other minerals, such as GCC and
kaolin, based in large part upon technological know-how, patents and processes that allow the Company to deliver PCC that it believes
imparts gloss, brightness, opacity and other properties to paper on an economical basis. The Company is the leading manufacturer and
supplier of PCC to the paper industry.
The Company competes in sales of its limestone and talc based primarily upon quality, price, and geographic location.
With respect to the Company's refractory products, competitive conditions vary by geographic region. Competition is based upon
the performance characteristics of the product (including strength, consistency and ease of application), price, and the availability of
technical support.
For the Performance Materials segment, the Company competes on the basis of product quality, price, logistics, service and
technical support. There are numerous major producers of competing products and various regional suppliers in the areas the
Company serves. Some of the competitors, especially in the chromite market, are companies primarily in other lines of business with
substantially greater financial resources than ours.
For the Construction Technologies segment, with respect to its lining technologies product line, the Company competes with
geosynthetic clay liner manufacturers worldwide, several suppliers of alternative lining technologies, and providers of soil and
environmental remediation solutions and products. The building materials product line competes in a highly fragmented market
comprised of a wide variety of alternative technologies. A number of integrated bentonite companies compete with our drilling
products. Competition for all product lines is based on product quality, service, price, technical support and product availability.
The Energy Services segment competes with other oil and gas services companies. However, the Company believes that the
Company offers several competitive advantages, especially in the area of water treatment services, due to superior and innovative
technologies that the Company has developed internally and the combination of services that the Company can provide.
Seasonality
Most of the products in the Construction Technologies segment are impacted by weather and soil conditions. Many of the
products cannot be applied in wet or winter weather conditions and, as such, sales and profits tend to be greater during the period from
April through October. As a result, we consider the business of this segment to be seasonal. Our Processed Minerals product line of
our Specialty Minerals segment is subject to similar seasonal patterns.
Much of the business in the Energy Services segment can be impacted by weather conditions. Our business is concentrated in the
Gulf of Mexico where our customers’ oil and gas production facilities are subject to natural disasters, such as hurricanes. Given this,
1 l