Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Minerals Technologies Inc.:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Minerals Technologies Inc. and subsidiary companies as
of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders’
equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2016. In connection with our audits
of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, we also have audited the related ﬁnancial statement schedule. These consolidated
ﬁnancial statements and ﬁnancial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated ﬁnancial statements and ﬁnancial statement schedule based on
our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ﬁnancial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts
and disclosures in the ﬁnancial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and signiﬁcant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall ﬁnancial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated ﬁnancial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the ﬁnancial
position of Minerals Technologies Inc. and subsidiary companies as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their
operations and their cash ﬂows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related ﬁnancial statement schedule, when considered
in relation to the basic consolidated ﬁnancial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the
information set forth therein.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
Minerals Technologies Inc. and subsidiary companies’ internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016,
based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated February 17, 2017 expressed an unqualiﬁed
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting.
/s/ KPMG LLP
New York, New York
February 17, 2017
F-41