include VOLTEX®, a waterprooﬁng composite comprised of two polypropylene geotextiles ﬁlled with sodium bentonite;
ULTRASEAL®, an advanced membrane using a unique active polymer core; and COREFLEX®, featuring heat-welded seams for
protection of critical infrastructure. In addition to these membrane materials, we also provide rooﬁng products and a variety of
sealants and other accessories required to create a functional waterprooﬁng system. The end-users of these products are generally
building sub-contractors who are responsible for installing the products.
Drilling Products: Drilling products are used in environmental and geotechnical drilling applications, horizontal directional
drilling, mineral exploration and foundation construction. The products are used to install monitoring wells, facilitate horizontal and
water well drilling, and seal abandoned exploration drill holes. VOLCLAY GROUTTM, HYDRAUL—EZ®, BENTOGROUT® and
VOLCLAY TABLETSTM are among the trade names for products used in these applications. Ground source heat loop systems
utilizing GEOTHERMAL GROUTTM represent a developing area for drilling products. The Company also offers a range of drilling
products used in the excavation of foundations for large buildings, bridges and dams; these products include SHORE PAC® and
PREMIUM GEL®. The end-users for these products are typically small well drilling companies and general contractors.
The Company’s building materials and other product line net sales were $104.4 million in 2016, $110.4 million in 2015 and $81.6
million from May 9, 2014, through December 31, 2014.
Energy Services Segment
The Energy Services segment provides services to improve the production, costs, compliance, and environmental impact of
activities performed in the oil and gas industry. The composition of customers within this segment varies from year to year and is
signiﬁcantly dependent on the type of activities each customer is undertaking within the year, regulations, and overall dynamics of the
oil and gas industry. Due to the weak market conditions in the oil and gas sector, the Company exited U.S. on—shore Nitrogen and
Well Testing services lines during the second quarter of 2016. As a result, the Company currently provides services for off-shore
ﬁltration and well testing to the worldwide oil and gas industry. Services are provided through subsidiaries located in Australia,
Brazil, Malaysia, Nigeria, Mexico, Indonesia, the United Kingdom, and the US, in the Gulf of Mexico. Energy Services segment’s
net sales were $85.9 million in 2016, $182.2 million in 2015 and $210.1 million from May 9, 2014, through December 31, 2014.
Principal Services
The Company provides the following principal services:
Water Treatment / Filtration: The Company helps customers comply with regulatory requirements by providing equipment,
technologies, personnel and ﬁltration media to treat waste water generated during oil production.
The Company specializes in water treatment processes and technologies to remove oil, hydrocarbons, heavy metals, solids, toxic
materials and other contaminants from customers’ operation wastewater stream.
Well Testing: The Company provides equipment and personnel to help customers control well production, as well as to clean up,
unload, separate, measure component ﬂow, and capture ﬂuids from oil and gas wells.
The Company delivers complete well testing solutions and effective operations in all testing environments.
Marketing and Sales
The Company relies principally on its worldwide direct sales force to market its products. The direct sales force is augmented by
technical service teams that are familiar with the industries to which the Company markets its products, and by several regional
distributors. The Company's sales force works closely with the Company's technical service staff to solve technical and other issues
faced by the Company's customers.
In the Specialty Minerals segment, the Company's technical service staff assists paper producers in ongoing evaluations of the use
of FCC for paper coating and ﬁlling applications.
In the Refractory segment, the Company's technical service personnel advise on the use of refractory materials, and, in many cases
pursuant to service agreements, apply the refractory materials to the customers' furnaces and other vessels.
In the Performance Materials segment, the Company’s industry-specialized sales group and technically oriented sales persons
provide expertise not only to educate our customers on the bentonite blend properties but also to aid them in producing castings
efﬁciently. Certain of our products are distributed through networks of distributors and representatives, who warehouse speciﬁc
products at strategic locations.
In the Construction Technologies segment, sales and distribution of environmental products are primarily performed through the
Company’s own personnel and facilities. Our staff includes sales professionals and technical support engineers who analyze the
suitability of our products in relation to the customer’s speciﬁc application and the conditions that products will endure or the
environment in which they will operate. Building materials products are sold through our own sales professionals, as well as through
an integrated distributor and dealer network. Our sales and technical staff typically assist project designers by providing technical data
9