Interest Rate Sensitivity
A portion of our long-term bank debt bears interest at variable rates (see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) and our
results of operations would be affected by interest rate changes to such bank debt outstanding. The Company utilizes interest rate
swaps to limit exposure to market ﬂuctuations on ﬂoating-rate debt. During the second quarter of 2016, the Company entered into a
ﬂoating to ﬁxed interest rate swap for an initial aggregate notional amount of $300 million. An immediate 10% increase in the
interest rates would not have a material effect on our results of operations over the next ﬁscal year. A one percentage point change in
interest rates would cost $5.6 million in incremental interest charges on an annual basis.
Credit Risk
We are exposed to credit risk on certain assets, primarily accounts receivable. We provide credit to customers in the ordinary
course of business and perform ongoing credit evaluations. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade receivables are limited
due to the large number of customers comprising our customer base. We currently believe our allowance for doubtful accounts is
sufﬁcient to cover customer credit risks. Our accounts receivable ﬁnancial instruments are carried at amounts that approximate fair
value.
Euro & Sovereign Debt Risk
Certain countries that have adopted the Euro as their currency have experienced recent ﬁnancial difﬁculty and are in the process of
stabilizing their ﬁnances through various measures, which may include such drastic measures as defaulting on their debt or adopting a
different currency as their national currency. While we do not believe we have signiﬁcant ﬁnancial risk resulting from any of these
situations, we cannot predict the disruption that would occur to the European markets in which we compete if such drastic measures
were taken.
We do not have any material credit risk with sovereign governments currently facing this situation as we do not sell our products to
them. We do, however, sell to customers in these countries, but we believe our risk associated with these customers is not material.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The ﬁnancial information required by Item 8 is contained in Item 15 of Part IV of this report.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
As of the end of the period covered by this report, and under the supervision and with participation of the Company’s management,
including the Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and the Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, the Company carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of
the design and operation of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule l3a—15(b). Based upon
that evaluation, the Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and
procedures were effective as of December 31, 2016.
The Company continues to implement a global enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) system for the businesses acquired from
AMCOL. As of December 31, 2016, primarily all of the domestic and European locations of the acquired businesses were
implemented on the new system. The worldwide implementation is expected to be substantially completed over the next six to nine
months and involves changes in the systems that include internal controls. Although the transition has proceeded to date without
material adverse effects, the possibility exists that our migration to the new ERP system could adversely affect the Company’s internal
controls over ﬁnancial reporting and procedures. We are reviewing each system as it is being implemented and the controls affected
by the implementation of the new systems, and are making appropriate changes to the affected internal controls as we implement the
new systems. We believe that the controls as modiﬁed are appropriate and functioning effectively.
Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have included a report of management's assessment of the design
and operating effectiveness of our internal controls as part of this report. Management's report is included in our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements beginning on page F -1 of this report under the caption entitled "Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting."
44