Management's Report On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management of Minerals Technologies Inc. is responsible for the preparation, integrity and fair presentation of its
published consolidated ﬁnancial statements. The ﬁnancial statements have been prepared in accordance with US. generally
accepted accounting principles and, as such, include amounts based on judgments and estimates made by management. The
Company also prepared the other information included in the annual report and is responsible for its accuracy and
consistency with the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
Management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting. The
Company's internal control over ﬁnancial reporting includes those policies and procedures that pertain to the Company's
ability to record, process, summarize and report reliable ﬁnancial data. The Company maintains a system of internal control
over ﬁnancial reporting, which is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company's management and board of
directors regarding the preparation of reliable published ﬁnancial statements and safeguarding of the Company's assets. The
system includes a documented organizational structure and division of responsibility, established policies and procedures,
including a code of conduct to foster a strong ethical climate, which are communicated throughout the Company, and the
careful selection, training and development of our people.
The Board of Directors, acting through its Audit Committee, is responsible for the oversight of the Company's accounting
policies, ﬁnancial reporting and internal control. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is comprised entirely of
outside directors who are independent of management. The Audit Committee is responsible for the appointment and
compensation of the independent registered public accounting ﬁrm. It meets periodically with management, the independent
registered public accounting ﬁrm and the internal auditors to ensure that they are carrying out their responsibilities. The
Audit Committee is also responsible for performing an oversight role by reviewing and monitoring the ﬁnancial, accounting
and auditing procedures of the Company in addition to reviewing the Company's ﬁnancial reports. The independent
registered public accounting ﬁrm and the internal auditors have full and unlimited access to the Audit Committee, with or
without management, to discuss the adequacy of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, and any other matters which they
believe should be brought to the attention of the Audit Committee.
Management recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control over
ﬁnancial reporting, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of internal control.
Accordingly, even effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to
ﬁnancial statement preparation and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Further, because of changes in conditions, the
effectiveness of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting may vary over time.
The Company assessed its internal control system as of December 31, 2016 in relation to criteria for effective internal
control over ﬁnancial reporting described in "Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)" issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its assessment, the Company has determined that, as of
December 31, 2016, its system of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting was effective.
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements have been audited by the independent registered public accounting ﬁrm, which was
given unrestricted access to all ﬁnancial records and related data, including minutes of all meetings of stockholders, the
Board of Directors and committees of the Board. Reports of the independent registered public accounting ﬁrm, which
includes the independent registered public accounting ﬁrm's attestation of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over ﬁnancial reporting are also presented within this document.
/s/ Douglas T. Dietrich /s/ Matthew E. Garth
Chief Executive Ofﬁcer Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasury,
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
/s/ Michael A. Cipolla
Vice President, Corporate Controller
and Chief Accounting Ofﬁcer
February 17, 2017
F-43