our Energy Services sales could be lower in the June to November months. However, we can also experience periods of growth after
a hurricane as customers require our services to start their operations back up.
Research and Development
Many of the Company's product lines are technologically advanced. The Company’s internal research team has dedicated years of
experience into analyzing properties of minerals and synthetic materials while developing processes and applications to enhance their
performance. Our expertise in inorganic chemistry, crystallography and structural analysis, ﬁne particle technology and other aspects
of materials science apply to and support all of our product lines. The Company's business strategy for growth in sales and
proﬁtability depends, to a large extent, on the continued success of its research and development activities.
In the Specialty Minerals segment, the signiﬁcant achievements of the Company's research and development efforts include: the
satellite PCC plant concept; PCC crystal morphologies for paper coating; AT® PCC for wood-containing papers; FulFill® high ﬁller
technology systems; New Yield®; Integrated PCC Process Technology; and EMforce®, Optibloc® and Titanium Dioxide (TiO2)
extenders for the Processed Minerals and Specialty PCC product lines.
The FulFill® brand High Filler Technology is a portfolio of high-ﬁller technologies that offers papermakers a variety of efﬁcient,
ﬂexible solutions that decreases dependency on natural ﬁber and reduces costs. The FulFill® E and V series allows papermakers to
increase ﬁller loading levels of precipitated calcium carbonate (PCC), which replaces higher cost pulp, and increases PCC usage.
Depending on paper grades, this PCC volume increase may range from 15 to 30 percent. The Company continues to progress in the
commercialization of FulFill®. We have signed agreements with twenty-six paper mills and are actively engaged with additional
paper mill sites for further FulFill® deployment. Under the FulFill® platform of products, the Company continues to develop its
ﬁller-ﬁber composite material and is expanding the technology portfolio for higher ﬁller for ﬁber replacement with current projects
underway.
In the Refractories segment, the Company’s achievements include the development of FASTFIRE® and OPTIFORM® shotcrete
refractory products; LACAM® laser-based refractory measurement systems; and the MINSCAN® and HOTCRETE® application
systems. The Company will continue to reformulate its refractory materials to be more competitive.
The Company’s Performance Materials segment also offers a strong portfolio of custom blended compounds, formulations and
technology, which have been primarily developed internally by the Company’s research and development efforts. The Additrol®
formulation, a custom blend, meets the need of both ferrous and non-ferrous applications. The Volclay® application is used in green
sand molding applications ranging from the production of iron and steel castings to the production of non-ferrous castings. The Hevi—
Sand® specialty chromite blend prevents metal penetration and can be used with most foundry binders in molds and cores.
Similarly, within the Construction Technologies segment, we offer a strong portfolio of products developed principally by our
internal efforts. The Company’s RESISTEXTM and CONTINUUM® formulation enables withstanding aggressive leachates. The
ORGANOCLAY® technology offers highly effective solutions in effective in removing oils, greases and other high molecular weight,
low solubility organic compounds from aqueous streams. The Company will also continue to seek out promising compounds and
innovative technologies, developed mainly by our internal research team, to incorporate into our product lines.
For the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company spent approximately $23.8 million, $23.6 million and
$24.4 million, respectively, on research and development. The Company's research and development spending for 2016, 2015 and
2014 was approximately 1.5%, 1.3% and 1.4% of net sales, respectively.
The Company maintains its primary research facilities in Bethlehem and Easton, Pennsylvania; Broussard, Louisiana; and
Hoffman Estates, Illinois. It also has research and development facilities in China, England, Germany, Ireland, Japan and Turkey.
Approximately 139 employees worldwide are engaged in research and development. In addition, the Company has access to some of
the world's most advanced papermaking and paper coating pilot facilities.
Patents and Trademarks
The Company owns or has the right to use approximately 452 patents and approximately 1,666 trademarks related to its business.
Our patents expire between 2017 and 2036. Our trademarks continue indeﬁnitely. The Company believes that its rights under its
existing patents, patent applications and trademarks are of value to its operations, but no one patent, application or trademark is
material to the conduct of the Company's business as a whole.
Insurance
The Company maintains liability and property insurance and insurance for business interruption in the event of damage to its
production facilities and certain other insurance covering risks associated with its business. The Company believes such insurance is
adequate for the operation of its business. There is no assurance that in the future the Company will be able to maintain the coverage
currently in place or that the premiums will not increase substantially.
12