Douglas W. Mayger was elected Senior Vice President and Director-MTI Supply Chain in November 2015. Prior to that, he was
Senior Vice President, Performance Minerals and Supply Chain. Prior to that, he was Vice President and Managing Director,
Performance Minerals, which encompasses the Processed Minerals product line and the Specialty PCC product line. Prior to that, he
was General Manager - Carbonates West, Performance Minerals and Business Manager - Western Region. Before joining the
Company as plant manager in Lucerne Valley in 2002, he served as Vice President of Operations for Aggregate Industries.
Thomas J. Meek was elected Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Chief Compliance Ofﬁcer in October 2012. In
December 2011, he was given the additional responsibility for Human Resources. Prior to that, he was Vice President, General
Counsel and Secretary of the Company effective September 1, 2009. Prior to that, he served as Deputy General Counsel at Alcoa.
Before joining Alcoa in 1999, Mr. Meek worked with Koch Industries, Inc. of Wichita, Kansas, where he held numerous supervisory
positions. His last position there was Interim General Counsel. From 1985 to 1990, Mr. Meek was an Associate/Partner in the
Wichita, Kansas law ﬁrm of McDonald, Tinker, Skaer, Quinn & Herrington, P.A.
W. Rand Mendez was elected Senior Vice President and Managing Director, Paper PCC in July 2015. Prior to that, Mr. Mendez
was with E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Co., where he held a variety of operational and product leadership positions across a number
of businesses. Mr. Mendez joined DuPont in 1982 and assumed positions of increasing responsibility. In 1996, he was appointed
Global Business Manager, DuPont Specialty Chemicals. He was subsequently named Sales and Marketing Director, DuPont
Surfaces; Business Director, DuPont Safety Resources; and in 2008, Corporate Marketing Director, DuPont Corporate Marketing &
Sales.
Brett Argirakis was elected Vice President and Managing Director, Minteq International in January 2016. Prior to that, he was
Global Vice President & General Manager, Refractories. Prior to that, he was Director, Marketing, Minteq Europe. Prior to that, he
served as Director of Sales and Field Operations for Minteq U.S.. Mr. Argirakis joined the Company in 1987 and has held positions of
increasing responsibility.
Michael A. Cipolla was elected Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Ofﬁcer in July 2003. Prior to that, he
served as Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Ofﬁcer of the Company since 1998. From 1992 to 1998 he served as Assistant
Corporate Controller.
Andrew Jones was elected Vice President and Managing Director, Energy Services in September 2015. Prior to that, he was Vice
President and Managing Director, Eastern Hemisphere, Energy Services since 2014. Prior to joining the company, he was Managing
Director of Africa Oilﬁeld Services since 2009.
The information concerning the Company's Board of Directors required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the
Company's Proxy Statement, under the captions "Committees of the Board of Directors" and “Item 1- Election of Directors.”
The information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 required by this Item is
incorporated herein by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement, under the caption "Section 16(a) Beneﬁcial Ownership Reporting
Compliance."
The Board has established a code of ethics for the Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, the Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, and the Chief Accounting
Ofﬁcer entitled "Code of Ethics for the Senior Financial Ofﬁcers," which is available on our website, www.mineralstech.com, under
the links entitled Our Company, Corporate Responsibility and Policies and Charters.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
The information appearing in the Company's Proxy Statement under the captions “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,”
“Report of the Compensation Committee” and “Compensation of Executive Ofﬁcers and Directors" is incorporated herein by
reference.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneﬁcial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
The information appearing in the Company's Proxy Statement under the caption "Security Ownership of Certain Beneﬁcial Owners
and Management" is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The information appearing in the Company's Proxy Statement under the caption "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions"
is incorporated herein by reference.
The Board has established Corporate Governance principles which include guidelines for determining Director independence,
which is available on our website, www.mineralstech.com, under the links entitled Our Company, Corporate Responsibility and
Policies and Charters. The information appearing in the Company’s Proxy Statement under the caption “Corporate Governance —
Director Independence” is incorporated herein by reference.
46