MINERALS TECHNOLOGIES INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2016
02 OUR BUSINESSES
7 '7 T" W T ﬁ', 7‘77 7' 7 ﬂviww 7' if {Ti _ 7W m TV”; Vij’zf—V
MUKIIEIB/AMS ?@@EJN@E©UE8 ' ' _ ‘ ‘ '
O A 7 ‘ -' . — “ f. 5 l l
Mmemls (é? . e _ V. e I. 1— ;
O 9D - , ‘ I Z A I l E :' 2:11:
beakellmed ‘ e x I
7, o . ' ' ‘ l 72:,
" - (“ﬁn .,.~..>:"e~"-'~?7i;l.a3W-“3'fffﬁ'iﬁlft
hamsges
. w m, 7 , “if, 7 (a, ﬁr? 'j;_r‘2<'*}~.fs€g:,ﬂ "32.“ f'r,i""l
,, ,, 7, i:f:::?i:t':'_;ﬁ91;;éftlfi r 7 7?," ;,,,,:TTTSL:A:AWr;;;,,,;::l
MINERALS-BASED
PAPER PCC PERFORMANCE MATERIALS
Minerals Technologies is the world’s leading producer of As the world’s leading producer of bentonite, MTI’s
precipitated calcium carbonate (PCC), a specialty pigment Performance Materials segment is an industry leader in both
for ﬁlling and coating high-quality paper. PCC provides pet care and in greensand bonds for ferrous metalcasting.
brightness, opacity and bulk to paper and is the pigment of The business is fully integrated from mine-to-market and
choice for papermakers worldwide for paper ﬁlling. In the brings to bear extensive technical expertise in customizing
19803, the company was a major factor in revolutionizing products for speciﬁc end-user settings and applications.
the way paper was made in North America, moving the Performance Materials consists of Metalcasting; Household,
industry to acid-free technology for uncoated freesheet paper. Personal Care 85 Specialty Products; and Basic Minerals
MTI originated the concept of building “satellite” plants 85 Other Products, which provide a wide range of both
on site at paper mills to produce PCC, which is substituted bentonite-based and synthetic materials to various industrial
for more expensive wood ﬁber and allows papermakers to and consumer markets. The segment is also a major producer
produce brighter, higher quality paper at lower cost. Today, of surfactant and aesthetic granules for the worldwide dry
the company produces the synthesized mineral for more than detergent market.
30 prestigious papermakers at over 60 paper mills around
the globe. As the paper industry recognized the value of PCC,
MTI developed more advanced technologies that increased C O N ST R U C T I O N T E C H N 0 L0 G I E S
the usage of PCC. These include high-ﬁller technologies and Construction Technologies, which consists of Building
the conversion of mineral-based waste streams from pulp Materials 8C Other Products and Environmental Products,
mill operations into usable paper ﬁllers. Today, the Paper produces value-added materials for commercial, industrial
PCC business is also the global leader in both high ﬁller and and infrastructure construction projects worldwide.
waste stream conversion to ﬁller technologies serving the CETCO® Construction Technologies has more than
paper industry. 50 years’ experience in providing industry-leading
waterprooﬁng membranes and accessories for commercial
construction, as well as drilling products for non-oil and
P E R F O R M A N C E M I N E RA L S gas drilling. The Environmental Products Group is the
Performance Minerals, part of MTI’s Specialty Minerals world-leading supplier of geosynthetic clay liners (GCLs) for
segment, consists of Specialty PCC, ground calcium industrial, hazardous and municipal solid waste landﬁlls,
carbonate (GCC) and talc. The business unit is vertically mining sites, and for containment of challenging residues
integrated from mine-to-market with three limestone such as coal ash from coal-ﬁred electrical generation and red
facilities and one talc operation in the United States. mud from alumina processing.
Performance Minerals primarily serves the construction,
automotive and consumer markets.