MINERALS TECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s
ﬁnancial statements.
Leases
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, “Leases”, which requires lessees to recognize most leases on-
balance sheet, thereby increasing their reported assets and liabilities, in some cases very signiﬁcantly. Lessor accounting
remains substantially similar to current US. GAAP. ASU 2016-02 is effective for public business entities for annual and
interim periods in ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. ASU 2016-02 mandates a modiﬁed retrospective
transition method for all entities. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on the Company’s
consolidated ﬁnancial statements and related disclosures; however, the Company does not expect the adoption of this
guidance to have a material impact on the Company’s ﬁnancial statements.
Investments — Equity Method and Joint Ventures
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07, “Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting”,
which eliminates the requirement for an investor to retroactively apply the equity method when its increase in ownership
interest (or degree of inﬂuence) in an investee triggers equity method accounting. ASU 2016-07 is effective for all entities
for interim and annual periods in ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. The adoption of this guidance is not
expected to have a material impact on the Company’s ﬁnancial statements.
Stock Compensation — Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, “Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting”,
which is intended to improve the accounting for share-based payment transactions as part of the FASB’s simpliﬁcation
initiative. The ASU changes seven aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including: (1)
accounting for income taxes; (2) classiﬁcation of excess tax beneﬁts on the statement of cash ﬂows; (3) forfeitures; (4)
minimum statutory tax withholding requirements; (5) classiﬁcation of employee taxes paid on the statement of cash ﬂows
when an employer withholds shares for tax-withholding purposes; (6) practical expedient — expected term (nonpublic only);
and (7) intrinsic value (nonpublic only). The ASU is effective for ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and
interim periods within those years for public business entities. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period
provided that the entire ASU is adopted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the
Company’s ﬁnancial statements.
Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory
In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other
Than Inventory", which requires entities to recognize at the transaction date the income tax consequences of intercompany
asset transfer other than inventory. ASU 2016-16 is effective for ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. Early
adoption is permitted for this ASU, but only at the beginning of an annual period for which no ﬁnancial statements have
already been issued or made available for issuance. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact
on the Company's ﬁnancial statements.
Note 2. Business Combination
On May 9, 2014, pursuant to the Merger Agreement dated March 10, 2014, the Company acquired AMCOL, based in
Hoffman Estates, Illinois, a leading international producer of specialty materials and related products and services for
industrial and consumer markets.
The Company acquired AMCOL by completing a tender offer to purchase AMCOL’s outstanding shares of common
stock and the subsequent merger of AMCOL with and into a wholly-owned subsidiary of MTI. At the expiration of the
Company’s tender offer, each tendered share of AMCOL common stock was purchased for consideration equal to $45.75 in
cash, and at the effective time of the back-end merger, each share of AMCOL common stock not tendered (other than shares
owned by the Company or held by AMCOL in treasury) was converted into the right to receive consideration equal to $45.75
in cash. Upon completion of the merger, AMCOL became a wholly owned direct subsidiary of MTI. Through the tender
offer and the merger, the Company paid $1,519.4 million in cash to acquire all of the outstanding shares of AMCOL.
In connection with the acquisition of AMCOL, the Company entered into a $1,560.0 million senior secured term loan
facility (the “Term Facility”), the net proceeds of which, together with the Company’s cash on hand, were used as cash
consideration for the acquisition of AMCOL and to reﬁnance certain existing indebtedness of the Company and AMCOL and
to pay fees and expenses in connection with the foregoing. See Note 14.
The fair value of the total consideration transferred, net of cash acquired, was $1,802.3 million and comprised of the
following:
F-l l