' As a coating pigment for both wood-free and groundwood papers.
The Company's Paper PCC product line net sales were $387.9 million, $423.3 million and $454.5 million for the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Approximately 24% of the Company's sales consist of PCC sold to papermakers from "satellite" PCC plants. A satellite PCC
plant is a PCC manufacturing facility located near a paper mill, thereby eliminating costs of transporting PCC from remote production
sites to the paper mill. The Company believes the competitive advantages offered by improved economics and superior optical
characteristics of paper produced with PCC manufactured by the Company's satellite PCC plants resulted in substantial growth in the
number of the Company's satellite PCC plants since the ﬁrst such plant was built in 1986. For information with respect to the
locations of the Company's PCC plants as of December 31, 2016, see Item 2, "Properties," below.
The Company currently manufactures several customized PCC product forms using proprietary processes. Each product form is
designed to provide optimum balance of paper properties including brightness, opacity, bulk, strength and improved printability. The
Company's research and development and technical service staff focuses on expanding sales from its existing and potential new
satellite PCC plants as well as developing new technologies for new applications. These technologies include, among others, acid-
tolerant ("AT®") PCC, which allows PCC to be introduced to the large wood-containing segment of the printing and writing paper
market, OPACARB® PCC, a family of products for paper coating, our FulFill® family of products, a system of high-ﬁller
technologies that offers papermakers a variety of efﬁcient, ﬂexible solutions which decrease dependency on natural ﬁbers, and New
YieldTM, an innovative technology that converts a paper and pulp mill waste stream into a functional pigment for ﬁlling paper.
The Company owns, staffs, operates and maintains all of its satellite PCC facilities, and owns or licenses the related technology.
Generally, the Company and its paper mill customers enter into long-term evergreen agreements, initially ten years in length, pursuant
to which the Company supplies substantially all of the customer's precipitated calcium carbonate ﬁller requirements. The Company is
generally permitted to sell to third-parties PCC produced at a satellite plant in excess of the host paper mill's requirement.
The Company also sells a range of PCC products to paper manufacturers from production sites not associated with paper mills.
These merchant facilities are located at Adams, Massachusetts and Lifford, United Kingdom.
PCC Markets — Paper
Uncoatea’ Wood-Free Printing and Writing Papers — North America. Beginning in the mid-1980's, as a result of a concentrated
research and development effort, the Company's satellite PCC plants facilitated the conversion of a substantial percentage of North
American uncoated wood-free printing and writing paper producers to lower-cost alkaline papermaking technology. The Company
estimates that during 2016, more than 90% of North American uncoated wood-free paper was produced employing alkaline
technology. Presently, the Company owns and operates 14 commercial satellite PCC plants located at paper mills that produce
uncoated wood-free printing and writing papers in North America.
Uncoatea’ Wood-Free Printing and Writing Papers — Outside North America. The Company estimates the amount of uncoated
wood-free printing and writing papers produced outside of North America at facilities that can be served by satellite and merchant
PCC plants is more than twice as large (measured in tons of paper produced) as the North American uncoated wood-free paper market
currently served by the Company. The Company believes that the superior brightness, opacity and bulking characteristics offered by
its PCC products allow it to compete with suppliers of ground limestone and other ﬁller products outside of North America.
Presently, the Company owns and operates 28 commercial satellite PCC plants located at paper mills that produce uncoated wood-free
printing and writing papers outside of North America.
Uncoatea’ Groundwooa’ Paper. The uncoated groundwood paper market, including newsprint, represents approximately 20% of
worldwide paper production. Paper mills producing wood-containing paper still generally employ acid papermaking technology. The
conversion to alkaline technology by these mills has been hampered by the tendency of wood-containing papers to darken in an
alkaline environment. The Company has developed proprietary application technology for the manufacture of high-quality
groundwood paper in an acidic environment using PCC (AT® PCC). Furthermore, as groundwood or wood-containing paper mills use
larger quantities of recycled ﬁber, there is a trend toward the use of neutral papermaking technology in this segment for which the
Company presently supplies traditional PCC chemistries. The Company now supplies PCC at 6 groundwood paper mills around the
world and licenses its technology to a ground calcium carbonate producer to help accelerate the conversion from acid to alkaline
papermaking.
Coated Paper. The Company continues to pursue satellite PCC opportunities in coated paper markets where our products provide
unique performance and/or cost reduction beneﬁts to papermakers and printers. Our Opacarb product line is designed to create value
to the papermaker and can be used alone or in combination with other coating pigments. PCC coating products are produced at 8 of
the Company's PCC plants worldwide.
4