MINERALS TECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Savings and Investment Plans
The Company maintains a voluntary Savings and Investment Plan (a 401(k) plan) for most non-union employees in the US.
On January 1, 2015, as a result of the acquisition and subsequent integration of AMCOL, the AMCOL 401(k) plan was
merged into the Minerals Technologies Inc. Savings and Investment Plan. Within prescribed limits, the Company bases its
contribution to the Savings and Investment Plan on employee contributions. The Company's contributions amounted to $5.1
million, $6.3 million and $2.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company
also contributed $2.6 million to the AMCOL 401(k) plan in 2014.
Note 16. Leases
The Company has several non-cancelable operating leases, primarily for ofﬁce space and equipment. Rent expense
amounted to approximately $16.2 million, $19.5 million and $19.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and
2014, respectively. Total future minimum rental commitments under all non-cancelable leases for each of the years 2017
through 2021 and in aggregate thereafter are approximately $14.4 million, $12.1 million, $9.9 million, $8.2 million, $6.6
million, respectively, and $33.1 million thereafter. Total future minimum rentals to be received under non-cancelable
subleases were approximately $4.2 million at December 31, 2016.
Total future minimum payments to be received under direct ﬁnancing leases for each of the years 2017 through 2021 and
the aggregate thereafter are approximately: $0.3 million, $0.3 million, $0.2 million, $0.1 million, $0.1 million and $-- million
thereafter.
Note 17. Litigation
We are party to a number of lawsuits arising in the normal course of our business.
On May 8, 2013, Armada (Singapore) PTE Limited, an ocean shipping company now in bankruptcy ("Armada") ﬁled a
case in federal court in the Northern District of Illinois against AMCOL and certain of its subsidiaries (Armada (Singapore)
PT E Limited v. AMCOL International Corp, et al., United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois , Case
No. 13 CV 3455). We acquired AMCOL and its subsidiaries on May 9, 2014. A co-defendant is Ashapura Minechem
Limited, a company located in Mumbai, India (“AML”). During the relevant time period, 2008-2010, AMCOL owned
slightly over 20% of the outstanding AML stock through December 2009, after which it owned approximately 19%. In 2008,
AML entered into two contracts of affreightment (“COA”) with Armada for over 60 ship loads of bauxite from India to
China. After one shipment, AML made no further shipments, which led Armada to ﬁle arbitrations in London against AML,
one for each COA. AML did not appear in the London arbitrations and default awards of approximately $70 million were
entered. The litigation ﬁled by Armada against AMCOL and AML relates to these awards, which AML has not paid. The
substance of the allegations by Armada is that AML and AMCOL engaged in illegal conduct to thwart Armada’s efforts to
collect the arbitration award. The counts in the complaint include both violations of the Illinois Fraudulent Transfer laws, as
well as federal RICO violations. The lawsuit seeks money damages, as well as injunctive relief. Fact discovery is scheduled
to close in the ﬁrst quarter of 2017. We have accrued an estimate of potential damages for the Armada lawsuit, the amount of
which was not material to our ﬁnancial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
Certain of the Company's subsidiaries are among numerous defendants in a number of cases seeking damages for
exposure to silica or to asbestos containing materials. The Company currently has three pending silica cases and 18 pending
asbestos cases. To date, 1,492 silica cases and 48 asbestos cases have been dismissed, not including any lawsuits against
AMCOL or American Colloid Company dismissed prior to our acquisition of AMCOL. Six new asbestos cases were ﬁled in
the period, including three new cases in the fourth quarter of 2016, and one additional case in the ﬁrst quarter of 2017. No
asbestos or silica cases were closed during the fourth quarter, however, as previously reported, twenty-seven silica cases and
two asbestos cases were closed during 2016. Most of these claims do not provide adequate information to assess their merits,
the likelihood that the Company will be found liable, or the magnitude of such liability, if any. Additional claims of this
nature may be made against the Company or its subsidiaries. At this time management anticipates that the amount of the
Company's liability, if any, and the cost of defending such claims, will not have a material effect on its ﬁnancial position or
results of operations.
The Company has settled only one silica lawsuit, for a nominal amount, and no asbestos lawsuits to date (not including
any that may have been settled by AMCOL prior to completion of the acquisition). We are unable to state an amount or
range of amounts claimed in any of the lawsuits because state court pleading practices do not require identifying the amount
of the claimed damage. The aggregate cost to the Company for the legal defense of these cases since inception continues to
be insigniﬁcant. The majority of the costs of defense for these cases, excluding cases against AMCOL or American Colloid,
are reimbursed by Pﬁzer Inc. pursuant to the terms of certain agreements entered into in connection with the Company's
F-32