management attention with regard to potential acquisitions that are never consummated.
o Servicing the Company’s debt will require a significant amount of cash. This could reduce the Company ’s ﬂexibility to
respond to changing business and economic conditions or fund capital expenditures or working capital needs. Our
ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control.
At December 31, 2016, the Company had outstanding borrowings of $1.1 billion pursuant to our senior secured credit
facility, largely incurred to ﬁnance the acquisition of AMCOL. This ﬁnancing will require a signiﬁcant amount of cash to
make interest payments. Further, the interest rate on a signiﬁcant portion of our borrowings under our senior secured
credit facility is based on LIBOR interest rates, which could result in higher interest expense in the event of an increase in
interest rates. Our ability to pay interest on our debt and to satisfy our other debt obligations will depend in part upon our
future ﬁnancial and operating performance and upon our ability to renew or reﬁnance borrowings. Prevailing economic
conditions and ﬁnancial, business, competitive, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, will
affect our ability to make these payments. We cannot guarantee that our business will generate sufﬁcient cash ﬂow from
operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufﬁcient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs.
If we are unable to generate sufﬁcient cash ﬂow to meet our debt service obligations, we will have to pursue one or more
alternatives, such as reducing or delaying capital or other expenditures, reﬁnancing debt, selling assets, or raising equity
capital. Further, the requirement to make signiﬁcant interest payments may reduce the Company’s ﬂexibility to respond to
changing business and economic conditions or fund capital expenditure or working capital needs and may increase the
Company’s vulnerability to adverse economic conditions.
0 Our senior secured credit facility contains various covenants that limit our ability to take certain actions and our
revolving credit facility, if used, also requires us to meet financial maintenance tests, failure to comply with which could
have a material adverse effect on us.
The agreement governing our senior secured credit facility contains a number of signiﬁcant covenants that, among other
things, limit our ability to: incur additional debt or liens, consolidate or merge with any other person, alter the business we
conduct, make investments, use the proceeds of asset sales or sale/leaseback transactions, enter into hedging arrangements,
pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments, create dividend or other payment restrictions with respect to
subsidiaries, and enter into transactions with afﬁliates. In addition, our revolving credit facility, if used, requires us to
comply with speciﬁc ﬁnancial ratios, including a maximum net leverage ratio, under which we are required to achieve
speciﬁc ﬁnancial results. Our ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. A
breach of any of these covenants would result in a default under the agreements. In the event of any default, our lenders
could elect to declare all amounts borrowed under the agreements, together with accrued interest thereon, to be due and
payable. In such an event, we cannot assure you that we would have sufﬁcient assets to pay debt then outstanding under
the agreements governing our debt. Any future reﬁnancing of the senior secured credit facility is likely to contain similar
restrictive covenants.
o The Company’s sales of PC C could be adversely affected by our failure to renew or extend long term sales contracts for
our satellite operations.
The Company's sales of PCC to paper customers are typically pursuant to long-term evergreen agreements, initially ten
years in length, with paper mills where the Company operates satellite PCC plants. Sales pursuant to these contracts
represent a signiﬁcant portion of our worldwide Paper PCC sales, which were $387.9 million in 2016, or approximately
24% of the Company’s net sales. The terms of many of these agreements have been extended or renewed in the past, often
in connection with an expansion of the satellite plant. However, failure of a number of the Company's customers to renew
or extend existing agreements on terms as favorable to the Company as those currently in effect, or at all, could have a
substantial adverse effect on the Company's results of operations, and could also result in impairment of the assets
associated with the PCC plant.
o The Company’s sales could be adversely affected by consolidation in customer industries, principally paper,
foundry and steel.
Several consolidations in the paper industry have taken place in recent years and such consolidation could continue in the
future. These consolidations could result in partial or total closure of some paper mills where the Company operates PCC
satellites. Such closures would reduce the Company's sales of PCC, except to the extent that they resulted in shifting paper
production and associated purchases of PCC to another location served by the Company. Similarly, consolidations have
occurred in the foundry and steel industries. Such consolidations in the major industries we serve concentrate purchasing
power in the hands of a smaller number of manufacturers, enabling them to increase pressure on suppliers, such as the
Company. This increased pressure could have an adverse effect on the Company's results of operations in the future.
1 5