Employees
At December 31, 2016, the Company employed 3,583 persons, of whom 1,876 were employed outside of the United States.
Environmental, Health and Safety Matters
The Company’s operations are subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the environment and
health and safety. In particular, we are subject to certain requirements under the Clean Air Act. In addition, certain of the Company’s
operations involve and have involved the use and release of substances that have been and are classiﬁed as toxic or hazardous within
the meaning of these laws and regulations. Environmental operating permits are, or may be, required for certain of the Company’s
operations and such permits are subject to modiﬁcation, renewal and revocation. We are also subject to land reclamation
requirements. The Company regularly monitors and reviews its operations, procedures and policies for compliance with these laws
and regulations. The Company believes its operations are in substantial compliance with these laws and regulations and that there are
no violations that would have a material effect on the Company. Despite these compliance efforts, some risk of environmental and
other damage is inherent in the Company’s operations, as it is with other companies engaged in similar businesses, and there can be no
assurance that material Violations will not occur in the future. The cost of compliance with these laws and regulations is not expected
to have a material adverse effect on the Company.
Laws and regulations are subject to change. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, for information regarding the possible effects that
compliance with new environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to climate change, may have on our businesses and
operating results.
Under the terms of certain agreements entered into in connection with the Company's initial public offering in 1992, Pﬁzer Inc.
("Pﬁzer") agreed to indemnify the Company against certain liabilities being retained by Pﬁzer and its subsidiaries including, but not
limited to, pending lawsuits and claims, and any lawsuits or claims brought at any time in the future alleging damages or injury from
the use, handling of or exposure to any product sold by Pﬁzer's specialty minerals business prior to the closing of the initial public
offering.
Available Information
The Company maintains an internet website located at http://www.mineralstech.com. Its reports on Forms lO-K, lO-Q and 8-K,
and amendments to those reports, as well as its Proxy Statement and ﬁlings under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
are available free of charge through the Investor Relations page of its website, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are ﬁled
with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Investors may access these reports through the Company's website by
navigating to "Investor Relations" and then to "SEC Filings."
Financial information concerning our business segments and the geographical areas in which we operate appears in the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. Information related to our executive ofﬁcers is included in Item 10, “Directors, Executive
Ofﬁcers and Corporate Governance.”
Item 1A. Risk Factors
Our business faces signiﬁcant risks. Set forth below are all risks that we believe are material at this time. Our business, ﬁnancial
condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. These risks should be read in
conjunction with the other information in this Annual Report on Form lO-K.
0 Worldwide general economic, business, and industry conditions have had, and may continue to have, an
adverse effect on the Company’s results.
The global economic instability experienced in recent years had caused, among other things, declining consumer and
business conﬁdence, volatile raw material prices, instability in credit markets, high unemployment, ﬂuctuating interest and
exchange rates, and other challenges. The Company’s business and operating results had been and could once again be
adversely affected by these global economic conditions. The Company’s customers and potential customers may
experience deterioration of their businesses, cash ﬂow shortages, and difﬁculty obtaining ﬁnancing. As discussed below,
the industries we serve have in the past been adversely affected by the uncertain global economic climate due to the
cyclical nature of their businesses. As a result, existing or potential customers may reduce or delay their growth and
investments and their plans to purchase products, and may not be able to fulﬁll their obligations in a timely fashion.
Further, suppliers could experience similar conditions, which could affect their ability to fulﬁll their obligations to the
Company. Adversity within capital markets may also impact the Company’s results of operations by negatively affecting
the amount of expense the Company records for its pension and other postretirement beneﬁt plans. Actuarial valuations
used to calculate income or expense for the plans reﬂect assumptions about ﬁnancial market and other economic
conditions — the most signiﬁcant of which are the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets.
Such actuarial valuations may change based on changes in key economic indicators. Global economic markets remain
uncertain, and there can be no assurance that market conditions will improve in the near future. Future weakness in the
13