MINERALS TECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 21. N on-Controlling Interests
In May 2014, the Company acquired the remaining 20% non-controlling interest in CETCO Lining Technologies India
Pvt. Ltd. (“CETCO India”), a part of our Construction Technologies operations for $2.1 million. The following table sets
forth the effects of this transaction on equity attributable to MTI shareholders:
I Year Ended December 31, l
| 2016 | 2015 | 2014 I
I (millions of dollars) I
Net income attributable to MTI $ 133.4 $ 107.9 ‘3 92.4
Transfer from non-controlling interest:
Decrease in additional paid-in capital for purchase of the remaining _ _ (2 1)
non-controlling interest in CETCO India '
Change from net income attributable to MTI and transfers from non-controlling interest $ 133.4 $ 107.9 ‘3 90.3
Note 22. Segment and Related Information
The Company determines its operating segments based on the discrete ﬁnancial information that is regularly evaluated by
its chief operating decision maker, our President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, in deciding how to allocate resources and in
assessing performance. The Company's operating segments are strategic business units that offer different products and serve
different markets. They are managed separately and require different technology and marketing strategies.
The Company has 5 reportable segments: Specialty Minerals, Refractories, Performance Materials, Construction
Technologies, and Energy Services.
- The Specialty Minerals segment produces and sells the synthetic mineral product precipitated calcium carbonate
("PCC") and processed mineral product quicklime ("lime"), and mines mineral ores then processes and sells natural mineral
products, primarily limestone and talc.
- The Refractories segment produces and markets monolithic and shaped refractory materials and specialty products,
services and application and measurement equipment, and calcium metal and metallurgical wire products.
- The Performance Materials segment is a leading supplier of bentonite and bentonite-related products. This segment
also supplies chromite and leonardite and operates more than 25 mining or production facilities worldwide.
- The Construction Technologies segment provides products for non-residential construction, environmental and
infrastructure projects worldwide. It serves customers engaged in a broad range of construction projects, including site
remediation, concrete waterprooﬁng for underground structures, liquid containment on projects ranging from landﬁlls to
ﬂood control, and drilling applications including foundation, slurry wall, tunneling, water well, and horizontal drilling.
- The Energy Services segment provides services to improve the production, costs, compliance, and environmental
impact of activities performed in oil and gas industry. This segment offers a range of services for off-shore ﬁltration and well
testing to the worldwide oil and gas industry.
The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of signiﬁcant accounting policies.
The Company evaluates performance based on the operating income of the respective business units. The costs deducted to
arrive at operating proﬁt do not include several items, such as net interest or income tax expense. Depreciation expense
related to corporate assets is allocated to the business segments and is included in their income from operations. However,
such corporate depreciable assets are not included in the segment assets. Intersegment sales and transfers are not signiﬁcant.
F-36