Specialty PC C Products and Markets
The Company also produces and sells a full range of dry PCC products on a merchant basis for non-paper applications. The
Company's Specialty PCC product line net sales were $64.3 million, $64.8 million and $66.1 million for the years ended December
31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company sells surface-treated and untreated grades of PCC to the polymer industry for
use in automotive and construction applications, and to the adhesives and printing inks industries. The Company's PCC is also used
by the food and pharmaceutical industries as a source of calcium in tablets and food applications, as a buffering agent in tablets, and as
a mild abrasive in toothpaste. The Company produces PCC for specialty applications from production sites at Adams, Massachusetts
and Lifford, England.
Processed [Minerals — Products and Markets
The Company mines and processes natural mineral products, primarily limestone and talc. The Company also manufactures lime,
a limestone-based product. The Company's net sales of processed mineral products were $139.3 million, $136.5 million and $129.5
million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Net sales of talc products were $55.7 million, $55.9
million and $55.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Net sales of ground calcium
carbonate ("GCC") products, which are principally lime and limestone, were $83.6 million, $80.6 million and $74.0 million for the
years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
The Company mines and processes GCC products at its reserves in the eastern and western parts of the United States. GCC is
used and sold in the construction, automotive and consumer markets.
Lime produced at the Company's Adams, Massachusetts, and Lifford, United Kingdom, facilities is used primarily as a raw
material for the manufacture of PCC at these sites and is sold commercially to various chemical and other industries.
The Company mines, beneﬁciates and processes talc at its Barretts site, located near Dillon, Montana. Talc is sold worldwide in
finely ground form for ceramic applications and in North America for paint and coatings and polymer applications. Because of the
exceptional chemical purity of the Barretts ore, a signiﬁcant portion of worldwide automotive catalytic converter ceramic substrates
contain the Company's Barretts talc.
Our high quality limestone, dolomitic limestone, and talc products are deﬁned primarily by the chemistry and color characteristics
of the ore bodies. Ore samples are analyzed by X-ray ﬂuorescence (XRF) and other techniques to determine purity and more generally
by Hunter brightness measurement to determine dry brightness and the Hunter yellowness (b) value. We serve multiple markets from
each of our operations, each of which has different requirements relating to a combination of chemical and physical properties.
Refractories Segment
Refractory Products and Markets
Refractories Products
The Company offers a broad range of monolithic and pre-cast refractory products and related systems and services. The
Company's Refractory segment net sales were $274.5 million, $295.9 million and $359.7 million for the years ended December 31,
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Refractory product sales are often supported by Company-supplied proprietary application equipment and on—site technical
service support. The Company's proprietary application equipment is used to apply refractory materials to the walls of steel-making
furnaces and other high temperature vessels to maintain and extend their useful life. Net sales of refractory products, including those
for non-ferrous applications, were $219.0 million, $230.7 million and $273.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015
and 2014, respectively. The Company's proprietary application system, such as its MINSCAN®, allow for remote-controlled
application of the Company's refractory products in steel-making furnaces as well as in steel ladles. Since the steel-making industry is
characterized by intense price competition, which results in a continuing emphasis on increased productivity, these application
systems and the technologically advanced refractory materials developed in the Company's research laboratories have been well
accepted by the Company's customers. These products allow steel makers to improve their performance through, among other things,
the application of monolithic refractories to furnace linings while the furnace is at operating temperature, thereby eliminating the need
for furnace cool-down periods and steel-production interruption. The result is a lower overall cost for steel produced by steel makers.
The Company also pursues cost-per—ton refractory contracts, where, together with other refractory companies, the Company is
responsible for coordinating refractory maintenance of the steel furnaces and other steel production vessels. These opportunities
provide longer-term stability and a closer working relationship with the customer.
The Company's technical service staff and application equipment assist customers to achieve desired productivity objectives. The
Company's technicians are also able to conduct laser measurement of refractory wear, sometimes in conjunction with robotic
application tools, to improve refractory performance at many customer locations. The Company believes that these services, together
with its refractory product offerings, provide it with a strategic marketing advantage.
5