Investments — Equity Method and Joint Ventures
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07, “Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting”, which
eliminates the requirement for an investor to retroactively apply the equity method when its increase in ownership interest (or degree
of inﬂuence) in an investee triggers equity method accounting. ASU 2016-07 is effective for all entities for interim and annual periods
in ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the
Company’s ﬁnancial statements.
Stock Compensation — Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, “Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting”, which is
intended to improve the accounting for share-based payment transactions as part of the FASB’s simpliﬁcation initiative. The ASU
changes seven aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including: (1) accounting for income taxes; (2)
classiﬁcation of excess tax beneﬁts on the statement of cash ﬂows; (3) forfeitures; (4) minimum statutory tax withholding
requirements; (5) classiﬁcation of employee taxes paid on the statement of cash ﬂows when an employer withholds shares for tax-
withholding purposes; (6) practical expedient — expected term (nonpublic only); and (7) intrinsic value (nonpublic only). The ASU is
effective for ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those years for public business entities. Early
adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period provided that the entire ASU is adopted. The adoption of this guidance is not
expected to have a material impact on the Company’s ﬁnancial statements.
Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory
In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than
Inventory", which requires entities to recognize at the transaction date the income tax consequences of intercompany asset transfer
other than inventory. ASU 2016-16 is effective for ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted for
this ASU, but only at the beginning of an annual period for which no ﬁnancial statements have already been issued or made available
for issuance. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's ﬁnancial statements.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
We are exposed to market risk from ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and credit risk. We use a variety
of practices to manage these market risks, including derivative ﬁnancial instruments when appropriate. Our treasury and risk
management policies prohibit us from using derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We also do not use leveraged
derivative instruments or derivatives with complex features.
Exchange Rate Sensitivity
As we operate in over 30 countries with many international subsidiaries, we are exposed to currency ﬂuctuations related to
manufacturing and selling our products and services. This foreign currency risk is diversiﬁed and involves assets, liabilities and cash
ﬂows denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar (USD).
We manage our foreign currency exchange risk in part through operational means, including managing same currency revenues
versus same currency costs as well as same currency assets versus same currency liabilities. We also have subsidiaries with the same
currency exposures which may offset each other, providing a natural hedge against one another’s currency risk. When appropriate, we
enter into derivative ﬁnancial instruments, such as forward exchange contracts, to mitigate the impact of foreign exchange rate
movements on our operating results. The counterparties are major ﬁnancial institutions. Such forward exchange contracts would not
subject us to additional risk from exchange rate because gains and losses on these contracts would offset losses and gains on the
assets, liabilities, and transactions being hedged. At December 31, 2016, we did not have any signiﬁcant foreign currency derivative
contracts outstanding.
Assets and liabilities of our international subsidiaries are translated to their parent company’s reporting currency at current
exchange rates during consolidation; gains and losses stemming from these translations are included as a component of Other
Comprehensive Income and reported within Accumulated Comprehensive Income within our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Income
and expenses of our international subsidiaries are translated at average exchange rates for the period and, when included within
retained earnings in the balance sheet at current exchange rates, the differences to those average exchange rates are included within
Other Comprehensive Income and reported within Accumulated Comprehensive Income. When our subsidiaries transact business in
currencies other than their functional currency, those transactions are revalued in their functional currency and differences resulting
from such revaluations are included within other non-operating income (deduction), net within our Consolidated Statement of Income.
We do not anticipate that near-term changes in exchange rates will have a material impact on our future earnings or cash ﬂows.
However, there can be no assurance that a sudden and signiﬁcant change in the value of foreign currencies would not have a material
adverse effect on our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
43