papermaking process, including our New YieldTM products.
o Further penetration into the packaging segment of the paper industry.
o Increase our sales of PCC for paper by further penetration of the markets for paper ﬁlling at both freesheet
and groundwood mills, particularly in emerging markets.
0 Expand the Company's PCC coating product line using the satellite model.
o Increase our presence and gain penetration of our bentonite based foundry customers for the Metalcasting
industry in emerging markets, such as China and India.
0 Increase our presence and market share in global pet care products, particularly in emerging markets.
0 Deploy new products in pet care such as lightweight litter.
o Promote the Company's expertise in crystal engineering, especially in helping papermakers customize PCC
morphologies for speciﬁc paper applications.
o Expand PCC produced for paper ﬁlling applications by working with industry partners to develop new
methods to increase the ratio of PCC for ﬁber substitutions.
o Develop unique calcium carbonate and talc products used in the manufacture of novel biopolymers, a new
market opportunity.
0 Deploy new talc and GCC products in paint, coating and packaging applications.
0 Deploy value-added formulations of refractory materials that not only reduce costs but improve performance.
o Expand our solid core wire product line into BRIC, Middle Eastern and other Asian countries.
0 Deploy our laser measurement technologies into new applications.
o Expand our refractory maintenance model to other steel makers globally.
o Increase our presence and market share in Asia and in the global powdered detergent market.
o Continue the development of our proprietary Enersol® products for agricultural applications worldwide.
0 Pursue opportunities for our products in environmental and building and construction markets in the Middle
East, Asia Paciﬁc and South America regions.
o Increase our presence and market share for geosynthetic clay liners within the Environmental Products
product line.
o Increase our presence and market penetration in ﬁltration and well testing within the Energy Services
segment.
o Increase global market share in services for the ﬂoating production storage and ofﬂoading (FPSO) market.
o Deploy operational excellence principles into all aspects of the organization, including system infrastructure
and lean principles.
0 Continue to explore selective small bolt-on type acquisitions to ﬁt our core competencies in minerals and ﬁne
particle technology.
However, there can be no assurance that we will achieve success in implementing any one or more of these opportunities.
30