MINERALS TECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
customer's contractual obligation to purchase products made using those assets. The Company's sales of PCC are
predominantly pursuant to long-term evergreen contracts, initially ten years in length, with paper mills at which the Company
operates satellite PCC plants. The terms of many of these agreements have been extended, often in connection with an
expansion of the satellite PCC plant. Failure of a PCC customer to renew an agreement or continue to purchase PCC from a
Company facility could result in an impairment of assets charge or accelerated depreciation at such facility.
Depletion of mineral reserves is determined on a unit-of—extraction basis for financial reporting purposes, based upon
proven and probable reserves, and on a percentage depletion basis for tax purposes.
Stripping Costs Incurred During Production
Stripping costs are those costs incurred for the removal of waste materials for the purpose of accessing ore body that will
be produced commercially. Stripping costs incurred during the production phase of a mine are variable costs that are
included in the costs of inventory produced during the period that the stripping costs are incurred.
Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an
asset may not be recoverable, the Company estimates the undiscounted future cash ﬂows (excluding interest), resulting from
the use of the asset and its ultimate disposition. If the sum of the undiscounted cash ﬂows (excluding interest) is less than the
carrying value, the Company recognizes an impairment loss, measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds
the fair value of the asset, determined principally using discounted cash ﬂows.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price and related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and
identiﬁable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill is not amortized, but instead assessed for impairment.
Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their respective estimated lives to the
estimated residual values, and reviewed for impairment.
The Company performs a qualitative assessment for each of its reporting units to determine if the two step process for
impairment testing is required. If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit
is less than its carrying amount, the Company would then evaluate the recoverability of goodwill using a two-step
impairment test approach at the reporting unit level. In the first step, the fair value for the reporting unit is compared to its
book value including goodwill. In the case that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than book value, a second step is
performed which compares the fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill to the book value of the goodwill. The fair value
for the goodwill is determined based on the difference between the fair values of the reporting unit and the net fair values of
the identiﬁable assets and liabilities of such reporting unit. If the fair value of the goodwill is less than the book value, the
difference is recognized as impairment.
Investment in joint ventures
The Company uses the equity method of accounting to incorporate the results of its investments in companies in which it
has significant inﬂuence, but does not control; and cost method of accounting in companies in which it cannot exercise
significant control. The Company records the equity in earnings of its investments in joint ventures on a one month lag. At
December 31, 2016, the book value of Company’s equity method investment was $14.4 million. The Company had no cost
method investments at December 31, 2016.
Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations
The Company provides for obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets and the associated asset
retirement costs. The fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recognized in the period in which it is
incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. The associated asset retirement costs are capitalized as part of the
carrying amount of the long-lived asset. The Company also provides for legal obligations to perform asset retirement
activities where timing or methods of settlement are conditional on future events.
The Company also records liabilities related to land reclamation as a part of the asset retirement obligations. The Company
mines land for various minerals using a surface-mining process that requires the removal of overburden. In many instances,
the Company is obligated to restore the land upon completion of the mining activity. As the overburden is removed, the
Company recognizes this liability for land reclamation based on the estimated fair value of the obligation. The obligation is
adjusted to reﬂect the passage of time and changes in estimated future cash outﬂows.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The recorded amounts of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, short-term borrowings, accounts payable, accrued
interest, and variable-rate long-term debt approximate fair value because of the short maturity of those instruments or the
F-8