o The Company is subject to stringent regulation in the areas of environmental, health and safety, and tax, and may
incur unanticipated costs or liabilities arising out of claims for various legal, environmental and tax matters or product
stewardship issues.
The Company’s operations are subject to international, federal, state and local governmental environmental, health and
safety, tax and other laws and regulations. We have expended, and may be required to expend in the future, substantial
funds for compliance with such laws and regulations. In addition, future events, such as changes to or modiﬁcations of
interpretations of existing laws and regulations, or enforcement polices, or further investigation or evaluation of the
potential environmental impacts of operations or health hazards of certain products, may affect our mining rights or give
rise to additional compliance and other costs that could have a material adverse effect on the Company. Further, certain of
our customers are subject to various federal and international laws and regulations relating to environmental and health and
safety matters, especially our Energy Services customers who are subject to drilling permits, waste water disposal and
other regulations. To the extent that these laws and regulations affecting our customers change, demand for our products
and services could also change and thereby affect our ﬁnancial results. State, national, and international governments and
agencies have been evaluating climate-related legislation and regulation that would restrict emissions of greenhouse gases
in areas in which we conduct business, and some such legislation and regulation have already been enacted or adopted.
Enactment of climate-related legislation or adoption of regulation that restrict emissions of greenhouse gases in areas in
which we conduct business could have an adverse effect on our operations or demand for our products. Our manufacturing
processes, particularly the manufacturing process for PCC, use a signiﬁcant amount of energy and, should energy prices
increase as a result of such legislation or regulation, we may not be able to pass these increased costs on to purchasers of
our products. We cannot predict if or when currently proposed or additional laws and regulations regarding climate change
or other environmental or health and safety concerns will be enacted or adopted. Moreover, changes in tax regulation and
international tax treaties could reduce the financial performance of our foreign operations.
The Company is currently a party in various litigation matters and tax and environmental proceedings and faces risks
arising from various unasserted litigation matters, including, but not limited to, product liability, patent infringement,
antitrust claims, and claims for third party property damage or personal injury stemming from alleged environmental torts.
Failure to appropriately manage safety, human health, product liability and environmental risks associated with the
Company’s products and production processes could adversely impact the Company’s employees and other stakeholders,
the Company’s reputation and its results of operations. Public perception of the risks associated with the Company’s
products and production processes could impact product acceptance and inﬂuence the regulatory environment in which the
Company operates. While the Company has procedures and controls to manage these risks, carries liability insurance,
which it believes to be appropriate to its businesses, and has provided reserves for current matters, which it believes to be
adequate, an unanticipated liability, arising out of a current matter or proceeding or from the other risks described above,
could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations.
0 Delays or failures in new product development could adversely affect the Company’s operations.
The Company’s future business success will depend in part upon its ability to maintain and enhance its technological
capabilities, to respond to changing customer needs, and to successfully anticipate or respond to technological changes on
a cost-effective and timely basis. The Company is engaged in a continuous effort to develop new products and processes
in all of its product lines. Difﬁculties, delays or failures in the development, testing, production, marketing or sale of such
new products could cause actual results of operations to differ materially from our expected results.
o The Company’s ability to compete is dependent upon its ability to defend its intellectual property against inappropriate
disclosure and infringement.
The Company's ability to compete is based in part upon proprietary knowledge, both patented and unpatented. The
Company's ability to achieve anticipated results depends in part on its ability to defend its intellectual property against
inappropriate disclosure as well as against infringement. In addition, development by the Company's competitors of new
products or technologies that are more effective or less expensive than those the Company offers could have a material
adverse effect on the Company's ﬁnancial condition or results of operations.
o The Company’s operations could be impacted by the increased risks of doing business abroad.
The Company does business in many areas internationally. Approximately 43% of our sales in 2016 were derived from
outside the United States and we have signiﬁcant production facilities which are located outside of the United States. We
have in recent years expanded our operations in emerging markets, and we plan to continue to do so in the future,
particularly in China, India, Brazil, the Middle East, and Eastern Europe. Some of our operations are located in areas that
have experienced political or economic instability, including Indonesia, Malaysia, Nigeria, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Turkey,
Brazil, Thailand, China and South Africa. The June 23, 2016 referendum by British voters to exit the European Union
(referred to as Brexit) has caused additional volatility in the markets and currency exchange rates. Market conditions and
exchange rates could continue to be volatile in the near term as this situation develops over the next couple of years. As the
l 6