MINERALS TECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
7 I Fair Value Measurements Using
Signiﬁcant
Asset / Quoted Prices in Other Signiﬁcant
Description (Liability) Active Markets for Observable Unobservable
Balance at Identical Assets Inputs Inputs
12/31/16 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3)
I (milliions of dollars) I
Money market funds I $ 7.5 I $ 7.5 I $ - I $ - I
The fair value of investment in the money market funds is determined by quoted prices in active markets and is
categorized as Level 1.
The fair value of foreign exchange contracts is determined based on inputs that are readily available in public markets or
can be derived from information available in publicly quoted markets and are categorized as Level 2. Deferred compensation
and supplementary pension plan assets related to the acquisition of AMCOL businesses and are valued using quoted prices
for similar assets in active markets.
The Company does not have any ﬁnancial assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis categorized as
Level 3, except for pension assets discussed in Note 15, and there were no transfers in or out of Level 3 during the year ended
December 31, 2016 and 2015. There were also no changes to the Company's valuation techniques used to measure asset and
liability fair values on a recurring basis.
Note 13. Financial Instruments and Concentrations of Credit Risk
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instrument:
Cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts receivable and payable: The carrying amounts approximate
fair value because of the short maturities of these instruments.
Short-term debt and other liabilities: The carrying amounts of short-term debt and other liabilities approximate fair value
because of the short maturities of these instruments.
Long-term debt: The fair value of the long-term debt of the Company is estimated based on the quoted market prices for
that debt or similar debt and approximates the carrying amount.
Forward exchange contracts: The fair value of forward exchange contracts (used for hedging purposes) is based on
information derived from active markets. If appropriate, the Company would enter into forward exchange contracts to
mitigate the impact of foreign exchange rate movements on the Company's operating results. It does not engage in
speculation. Such foreign exchange contracts would offset losses and gains on the assets, liabilities and transactions being
hedged.
Credit risk: The Company provides credit to customers in the ordinary course of business. The Company’s customer base
is diverse and includes customers located throughout the world. Credit risk results from the possibility that a loss may occur
from the failure of another party to perform according to the terms of the contracts. The Company regularly monitors its
credit risk exposures and takes steps to mitigate the likelihood of these exposures resulting in actual loss. The Company's
extension of credit is based on an evaluation of the customer's ﬁnancial condition and collateral is generally not required.
The Company's bad debt expense for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $6.2 million, $2.6 million
and $2.4 million, respectively.
F-24