Inﬂation
Historically, inﬂation has not had a material adverse effect on us. Our production processes consume a signiﬁcant amount of
energy, primarily electricity, diesel fuel, natural gas and coal. We use diesel fuel to operate our mining and processing equipment and
our freight costs are heavily dependent upon fuel prices and surcharges. Energy costs also affect the cost of raw materials. On a
combined basis, these factors represent a large exposure to petrochemical and energy products which may be subject to signiﬁcant
price ﬂuctuations. The contracts pursuant to which we construct and operate our satellite PCC plants generally adjust pricing to
reﬂect the pass-through of increases in costs resulting from inﬂation, including lime and energy prices. However, there is a time lag
before such price adjustments can be implemented. The Company and its customers will typically negotiate reasonable price
adjustments in order to recover a portion of these escalating costs, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover
increasing costs through such negotiations.
Cyclical Nature of Customers' Businesses
The bulk of our sales within Specialty Minerals, Performance Materials, Construction Technologies and Refractories segments are
to customers in the paper manufacturing, metalcasting, steel manufacturing and construction industries, which have historically been
cyclical. The pricing structure of some of our long-term PCC contracts makes our PCC business less sensitive to declines in the
quantity of product purchased. In addition, our customers’ demand for our Energy Services segment’s products and services are
affected by oil and natural gas production activities, which are heavily inﬂuenced by the benchmark price of these commodities. Oil
and natural gas prices decreased signiﬁcantly between 2014 through 2016, which we expect will cause exploration companies to
reduce their capital expenditures and production and exploration activities. This has the effect of decreasing the demand and
increasing competition for the services we provide. We cannot predict the economic outlook in the countries in which we do business,
nor in the key industries we serve.
Recently Issued Accounting Standards
Changes to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US. GAAP) are established by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (FASB) in the form of accounting standards updates (ASUs) to the FASB’s Accounting Standards
Codiﬁcation. The Company considers the applicability and impact of all ASUs. ASUs not listed below were assessed and determined
to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on our consolidated ﬁnancial position and results of operations.
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” which will supersede nearly all
existing revenue recognition guidance under US. GAAP. The underlying principle is that an entity will recognize revenue to depict
the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or
services. The guidance provides a ﬁve-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. Other major
provisions include capitalization of certain contract costs, consideration of time value of money in the transaction price, and allowing
estimates of variable consideration to be recognized before contingencies are resolved in certain circumstances. The guidance also
requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash ﬂows arising from an entity’s
contracts with customers. The guidance is effective for the interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2017. The
guidance permits the use of either a retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company has not yet selected a
transition method and is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on the Company’s consolidated ﬁnancial statements and related
disclosures. The Company expects to complete this analysis in early 2017.
Inventory — Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, “Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory.” Under
this accounting guidance, inventory will be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value and other options that currently exist
for market value will be eliminated. ASU No. 2015-11 deﬁnes net realizable value as the estimated selling prices in the ordinary
course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. No other changes were made to the
current guidance on inventory measurement. ASU 2015-11 is effective for ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and
interim periods within ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance is
not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s ﬁnancial statements.
Leases
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, “Leases”, which requires lessees to recognize most leases on-balance sheet,
thereby increasing their reported assets and liabilities, in some cases very signiﬁcantly. Lessor accounting remains substantially
similar to current US. GAAP. ASU 2016-02 is effective for public business entities for annual and interim periods in ﬁscal years
beginning after December 15, 2018. ASU 2016-02 mandates a modiﬁed retrospective transition method for all entities. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on the Company’s consolidated ﬁnancial statements and related disclosures; however,
the Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company’s ﬁnancial statements.
42