to engineers and architects who specify our products in the design of building structures. Our drilling products are generally sold
through an extensive distribution network coordinated by our regional sales managers.
In the Energy Services segment, the Company’s employees sell the services on a direct basis.
Continued use of skilled technical service teams is an important component of the Company's business strategy. The Company
works closely with its customers to ensure that their requirements are satisﬁed, and it often trains and supports customer personnel in
the use of the Company's products. The Company oversees domestic marketing and sales activities principally from Bethlehem,
Pennsylvania and Hoffman Estates, Illinois, and from regional sales ofﬁces elsewhere in the United States. The Company's
international marketing and sales efforts are directed from regional centers located in India, the United Kingdom, Brazil, and China.
The Company believes that its worldwide network of sales personnel and manufacturing sites facilitates the continued international
expansion.
Raw Materials
The Company depends in part on having an adequate supply of raw materials for its manufacturing operations, particularly lime
and carbon dioxide for the PCC product line, and magnesia and alumina for its Refractory operations. We also depend on having an
adequate supply of bentonite, leonardite and chromite for our Performance Materials segment, bentonite for our Construction
Technologies segment, and limestone and tale for our Processed Minerals product line. Supplies of bentonite, leonardite, chromite,
limestone and talc are provided through the Company’s own mining operations and we depend on having adequate access to ore
reserves of appropriate quality at such mining operations.
The Company uses lime in the production of PCC and is a signiﬁcant purchaser of lime worldwide. Generally, the lime utilized
in our business is readily available from numerous sources and we purchase lime under long-term supply contracts from unafﬁliated
suppliers located in close geographic proximity to the Company's PCC plants. We also produce lime at our Adams, Massachusetts
facility and our Lifford, UK facility, although most of the lime produced at our Adams facility and all of the lime produced at our
Lifford facility is consumed in the production of Specialty PCC at the plant. We currently supply some quantities of lime to third
parties that are in close proximity to our Adams plant and could supply small quantities of lime to certain of our PCC satellite facilities
that are in close geographic proximity to the Adams plant. Carbon dioxide is readily available in exhaust gas from the host paper mills,
or other operations at our merchant facilities.
The principal raw materials used in the Company's monolithic refractory products are refractory-grade magnesia and various
forms of alumina silicates. Approximately 45% percent of the Company’s magnesia requirements were purchased from sources in
China over the past ﬁve years. The price and availability of bulk raw materials from China are subject to ﬂuctuations that could affect
the Company's sales to its customers. In addition, the volatility of transportation costs has also affected the delivered cost of raw
materials imported from China to North America and Europe. The Company has developed alternate sources of magnesia over the
past few years that have reduced our reliance on China-sourced magnesia. The amount sourced from China and other locations can
vary from year to year depending upon price and availability from each source. The alumina we utilize in our business is readily
available from numerous sources. The Company also purchases calcium metal, calcium silicide, graphite, calcium carbide and various
alloys for use in the production of metallurgical wire products and uses lime and aluminum in the production of calcium metal.
In addition to bentonite, leonardite and chromite provided through our mining operations, our Performance Materials segment’s
principal raw materials are coal and soda ash, and our Construction Technologies segment’s principal raw material is woven and
unwoven polyester material, all of which are readily available from numerous sources.
[Mineral Reserves and [Mining Process
The Company relies on access to bentonite reserves to support its Performance Materials and Construction Technologies segments.
The Company has reserves of sodium and calcium bentonite at various locations in the US, including Wyoming, South Dakota,
Montana and Alabama, as well as in Australia, China, and Turkey. Through the Company’s afﬁliations and joint ventures, the
Company also has access to bentonite deposits in Egypt, India, and Mexico. Assuming the continuation of 2016 annualized usage
rates, the Company has reserves of commercially usable sodium bentonite for the next 56 years. Under the same assumptions, the
Company has reserves of commercially usable calcium bentonite for the next 49 years. The Company owns or controls the properties
on which the bentonite reserves are located through long-term leases, royalty agreements (including easement and right of way
agreements) and patented and unpatented mining claims. No single or group of mining claims or leases is signiﬁcant or material to the
ﬁnancial condition or operations of our Company or our segments. The majority of our current bentonite mining in the US. occurs on
reserves where our rights to such reserves accrue to us through over 80 mining leases and royalty agreements and 2,000 mining
claims. A majority of these are with private parties and located in Montana, South Dakota and Wyoming. The bentonite deposits
underlying these claims and leases generally lie in parcels of land varying between 20 and 40 acres.
In general, our bentonite reserves are immediately adjacent to, or within sixty miles of, one of the related processing plants. All of
the properties on which our reserves are located are either physically accessible for the purposes of mining and hauling or the cost of
obtaining physical access would not be material. Access to processing facilities from the mining areas is generally by private road,
public highways, or railroads. For most of our leased properties and mining claims, there are multiple means of access.
10