Item 3. Legal Proceedings
The Company and its subsidiaries are the subject of various pending legal actions in the ordinary course of their businesses.
Except as described below, none of such legal proceedings are material.
Armada Litigation
On May 8, 2013, Armada (Singapore) PTE Limited, an ocean shipping company now in bankruptcy ("Armada") ﬁled a case in
federal court in the Northern District of Illinois against AMCOL and certain of its subsidiaries (Armada (Singapore) PT E Limited v.
AMCOL International Corp, et al., United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois , Case No. 13 CV 3455). We
acquired AMCOL and its subsidiaries on May 9, 2014. A co-defendant is Ashapura Minechem Limited, a company located in
Mumbai, India (“AML”). During the relevant time period, 2008-2010, AMCOL owned slightly over 20% of the outstanding AML
stock through December 2009, after which it owned approximately 19%. In 2008, AML entered into two contracts of affreightment
(“COA”) with Armada for over 60 ship loads of bauxite from India to China. After one shipment, AML made no further shipments,
which led Armada to ﬁle arbitrations in London against AML, one for each COA. AML did not appear in the London arbitrations and
default awards of approximately $70 million were entered. The litigation ﬁled by Armada against AMCOL and AML relates to these
awards, which AML has not paid. The substance of the allegations by Armada is that AML and AMCOL engaged in illegal conduct
to thwart Armada’s efforts to collect the arbitration award. The counts in the complaint include both violations of the Illinois
Fraudulent Transfer laws, as well as federal RICO violations. The lawsuit seeks money damages, as well as injunctive relief. Fact
discovery is scheduled to close in the ﬁrst quarter of 2017. We have accrued an estimate of potential damages for the Armada lawsuit,
the amount of which was not material to our ﬁnancial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
Silica and Asbestos Litigation
Certain of the Company's subsidiaries are among numerous defendants in a number of cases seeking damages for exposure to
silica or to asbestos containing materials. The Company currently has three pending silica cases and 18 pending asbestos cases. To
date, 1,492 silica cases and 48 asbestos cases have been dismissed, not including any lawsuits against AMCOL or American Colloid
Company dismissed prior to our acquisition of AMCOL. Six new asbestos cases were ﬁled in the period, including three new cases in
the fourth quarter of 2016, and one additional case in the ﬁrst quarter of 2017. No asbestos or silica cases were closed during the
fourth quarter, however, as previously reported, twenty-seven silica cases and two asbestos cases were closed during 2016. Most of
these claims do not provide adequate information to assess their merits, the likelihood that the Company will be found liable, or the
magnitude of such liability, if any. Additional claims of this nature may be made against the Company or its subsidiaries. At this
time, management anticipates that the amount of the Company's liability, if any, and the cost of defending such claims, will not have a
material effect on its ﬁnancial position or results of operations.
The Company has settled only one silica lawsuit, for a nominal amount, and no asbestos lawsuits to date (not including any that
may have been settled by AMCOL prior to completion of the acquisition). We are unable to state an amount or range of amounts
claimed in any of the lawsuits because state court pleading practices do not require identifying the amount of the claimed damage.
The aggregate cost to the Company for the legal defense of these cases since inception continues to be insigniﬁcant. The majority of
the costs of defense for these cases, excluding cases against AMCOL or American Colloid, are reimbursed by Pﬁzer Inc. pursuant to
the terms of certain agreements entered into in connection with the Company's initial public offering in 1992. Of the 18 pending
asbestos cases all except two allege liability based on products sold largely or entirely prior to the initial public offering, and for which
the Company is therefore entitled to indemniﬁcation pursuant to such agreements. The two exceptions pertain to a pending asbestos
case against American Colloid Company, and one for which no period of alleged exposure has been stated by plaintiffs. Our
experience has been that the Company is not liable to plaintiffs in any of these lawsuits and the Company does not expect to pay any
settlements or jury verdicts in these lawsuits.
Environmental Matters
On April 9, 2003, the Connecticut Department of Environmental Protection issued an administrative consent order relating to our
Canaan, Connecticut, plant where both our Refractories segment and Specialty Minerals segment have operations. We agreed to the
order, which includes provisions requiring investigation and remediation of contamination associated with historic use of
polychlorinated biphenyls ("PCBs") and mercury at a portion of the site. We have completed the required investigations and
submitted several reports characterizing the contamination and assessing site-speciﬁc risks. We are awaiting regulators’ approval of
the risk assessment report, which will form the basis for a proposal by the Company concerning eventual remediation.
We believe that the most likely form of overall site remediation will be to leave the existing contamination in place (with some
limited soil removal), encapsulate it, and monitor the effectiveness of the encapsulation. We anticipate that a substantial portion of the
remediation cost will be borne by the United States based on its involvement at the site from 1942 — 1964, as historic documentation
indicates that PCBs and mercury were ﬁrst used at the facility at a time of US. government ownership for production of materials
needed by the military. Pursuant to a Consent Decree entered on October 24, 2014, the United States paid the Company $2.3 million
in the 4th quarter of 2014 to resolve the Company’s claim for response costs for investigation and initial remediation activities at this
facility through October 24, 2014. Contribution by the United States to any future costs of investigation or additional remediation has,
24