The amount of impairment loss is determined in Step Two by comparing the implied fair value of reporting unit goodwill
with the carrying amount of goodwill.
The Company has six reporting units; PCC, Processed Minerals, Refractories, Performance Materials, Construction
Technologies and Energy Services. We identify our reporting units by assessing whether the components of our operating
segments constitute businesses for which discrete ﬁnancial information is available and management regularly reviews the
operating results of those components. In the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company performed a qualitative assessment of each
of its reporting units and determined it was not more likely than not that the fair value of any of its reporting units was less
than their carrying values.
0 Accounting for income taxes: As part of the process of preparing our consolidated ﬁnancial statements, we are required to
estimate our income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. This process involves estimating current tax
expense together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatments of items for tax and accounting
purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
We must then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, and to the
extent we believe that recovery is not likely, we must establish a valuation allowance. To the extent we establish a valuation
allowance or change this allowance in a period, we must include an expense within the tax provision in the Consolidated
Statements of Income.
Deferred tax liabilities represents amount of income taxes payable in future periods. Such liabilities arise because of
temporary differences between the ﬁnancial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred income tax assets
represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. Such assets arise because of
temporary differences between the ﬁnancial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating
loss. We evaluate the recoverability of these future tax deductions by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable
income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences and forecasted operating earnings. These
sources of income inherently rely heavily on estimates. We use our historical experience and business forecasts to provide
insight. The amount recorded for the net deferred tax liability was $211.7 million and $221.4 million at December 31, 2016
and 2015, respectively.
The application of income tax law is inherently complex. Laws and regulations in this area are voluminous and are often
ambiguous. As such, we are required to make many subjective assumptions and judgments regarding our income tax
exposures. Interpretations of and guidance surrounding income tax laws and regulations change over time. As such, changes
in our subjective assumptions and judgments can materially affect amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets and
statements of operations. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional detail on our uncertain tax
positions.
0 Pension Beneﬁts: We sponsor pension and other retirement plans in various forms covering the majority of employees who
meet eligibility requirements, including plans we assumed in the AMCOL acquisition. Several statistical and actuarial
models which attempt to estimate future events are used in calculating the expense and liability related to the plans. These
models include assumptions about the discount rate, expected return on plan assets and rate of future compensation increases
as determined by us, within certain guidelines. Our assumptions reﬂect our historical experience and management's best
judgment regarding future expectations. In addition, our actuarial consultants also use subjective factors such as withdrawal
and mortality rates to estimate these assumptions. The actuarial assumptions used by us may differ materially from actual
results due to changing market and economic conditions, higher or lower withdrawal rates or longer or shorter life spans of
participants, among other things. Differences from these assumptions may result in a signiﬁcant impact to the amount of
pension expense/liability recorded by us follows:
A one percentage point change in our major assumptions would have the following effects:
Effect on Expense
Discount Salary Return on
(millions of dollars) 7 Rate 7 7 Scale 7 7 Asset 7
1% $ (4.1 ) $ 0.9 $ (2.0)
1% decrease........................................ $ 6.2 $ (0.8) $ 2.0
Effect on Projected Beneﬁt Obligation
Discount Salary
(millions of dollars) 7 Rate 7 7 Scale 7
1% $ (42.3) $ 5.0
1% decrease........................................ $ 52.3 $ (4.4)
The investment strategy for pension plan assets is to maintain a broadly diversiﬁed portfolio designed to both preserve
and grow plan assets to meet future plan obligations. The Company's average rate of return on assets from inception
40