MINERALS TECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Accounting for Stock—Based Compensation
The Company recognizes compensation expense for share-based awards based upon the grant date fair value over the
vesting period.
Pension and Post—retirement Beneﬁts
The Company has deﬁned beneﬁt pension plans covering the majority of its employees. The beneﬁts are generally based
on years of service and an employee's modiﬁed career earnings.
The Company also provides post-retirement healthcare beneﬁts for the majority of its retirees and employees in the United
States. The Company measures the costs of its obligation based on its best estimate. The net periodic costs are recognized as
employees render the services necessary to earn the post-retirement beneﬁts.
The Company assumed AMCOL’s qualiﬁed deﬁned beneﬁt pension plan which covers substantially all of AMCOL
domestic employees hired before January 1, 2004, and supplementary pension plan which provides beneﬁts in excess of
qualiﬁed plan limitation for certain employees.
Environmental
Expenditures that relate to current operations are expensed or capitalized as appropriate. Expenditures that relate to an
existing condition caused by past operations and which do not contribute to current or future revenue generation are
expensed. Liabilities are recorded when it is probable the Company will be obligated to pay amounts for environmental site
evaluation, remediation or related costs, and such amounts can be reasonably estimated.
Earnings Per Share
Basic earnings per share have been computed based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
during the period.
Diluted earnings per share have been computed based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
during the period assuming the issuance of common shares for all potentially dilutive common shares outstanding.
Subsequent events
The Company has evaluated for subsequent events through the date of issuance of its ﬁnancial statements.
Recently Issued accounting Standards
Changes to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US. GAAP) are established by the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) in the form of accounting standards updates (ASUs) to the FASB’s
Accounting Standards Codiﬁcation. The Company considers the applicability and impact of all ASUs. ASUs not listed
below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on our consolidated
ﬁnancial position and results of operations.
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” which will supersede
nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under US. GAAP. The underlying principle is that an entity will recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that the entity expects to be entitled to in
exchange for those goods or services. The guidance provides a ﬁve-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how
revenue is recognized. Other major provisions include capitalization of certain contract costs, consideration of time value of
money in the transaction price, and allowing estimates of variable consideration to be recognized before contingencies are
resolved in certain circumstances. The guidance also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and
uncertainty of revenue and cash ﬂows arising from an entity’s contracts with customers. The guidance is effective for the
interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2017. The guidance permits the use of either a retrospective
or cumulative effect transition method. The Company has not yet selected a transition method and is currently evaluating the
impact of this ASU on the Company’s consolidated ﬁnancial statements and related disclosures. The Company expects to
complete this analysis in early 2017.
Inventory — Simpliﬁing the Measurement of Inventory
In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, “Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of
Inventory.” Under this accounting guidance, inventory will be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value and
other options that currently exist for market value will be eliminated. ASU No. 2015-11 deﬁnes net realizable value as the
estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and
transportation. No other changes were made to the current guidance on inventory measurement. ASU 2015-11 is effective for
ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2017
F- 10