Company expands its operations overseas, it faces increased risks of doing business abroad, including inﬂation, ﬂuctuation
in interest rates, changes in applicable laws and regulatory requirements, export and import restrictions, tariffs,
nationalization, expropriation, limits on repatriation of funds, civil unrest, terrorism, unstable governments and legal
systems, and other factors. Many of these risks are beyond our control and can lead to sudden, and potentially prolonged,
changes in demand for our products, difﬁculty in enforcing agreements, and losses in the realizability of our assets.
Adverse developments in any of the areas in which we do business could cause actual results to differ materially from
historical and expected results. In addition, a signiﬁcant portion of our raw material purchases and sales outside the
United States are denominated in foreign currencies, and liabilities for non-US. operating expenses and income taxes are
denominated in local currencies. Accordingly, reported sales, net earnings, cash ﬂows and fair values have been and, in
the future, will be affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our overall success as a global business
depends, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing legal, regulatory, economic, social and political conditions. We
cannot assure you that we will implement policies and strategies that will be effective in each location where we do
business.
0 The Company’s operations are dependent on the availability of raw materials and access to ore reserves at its
mining operations. Increases in costs of raw materials, energy, or shipping could adversely affect our
financial results.
The Company depends in part on having an adequate supply of raw materials for its manufacturing operations, particularly
lime and carbon dioxide for the PCC product line, and magnesia and alumina for its Refractory operations. Purchase
prices and availability of these critical raw materials are subject to volatility. At any given time, we may be unable to
obtain an adequate supply of these critical raw materials on a timely basis, on price and other terms, or at all. While most
such raw materials are readily available, the Company purchases approximately 45% of its magnesia requirements from
sources in China. The majority of magnesia requirements were purchased from other countries. The price and availability
of magnesia have ﬂuctuated in the past and they may ﬂuctuate in the future. Price increases for certain other of our raw
materials, including petrochemical products, as well as increases in energy prices, have also affected our business. Our
production processes consume a signiﬁcant amount of energy, primarily electricity, diesel fuel, natural gas and coal. We
use diesel fuel to operate our mining and processing equipment and our freight costs are heavily dependent upon fuel
prices and surcharges. Energy costs also affect the cost of raw materials. On a combined basis, these factors represent a
large exposure to petrochemical and energy products which may be subject to signiﬁcant price ﬂuctuations. The contracts
pursuant to which we construct and operate our satellite PCC plants generally adjust pricing to reﬂect the pass-through of
increases in costs resulting from inﬂation, including energy. However, there is a time lag before such price adjustments
can be implemented. The Company and its customers will typically negotiate reasonable price adjustments in order to
recover these escalating costs, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover increasing costs through such
negotiations.
The Company also depends on having adequate access to ore reserves of appropriate quality at its mining operations.
There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating ore reserves including subjective judgments and determinations
that are based on available geological, technical, contract and economic information.
The Company relies on shipping bulk cargos of bentonite from the United States, Turkey and China to customers, as well
as our own subsidiaries, and we are sensitive to our ability to recover these shipping costs. In the last few years, bulk
cargo shipping rates have been very volatile, and, to a lesser extent, the availability of bulk cargo containers has been
suspect. If we cannot secure our container requirements or offset additional shipping costs with price increases to
customers, our proﬁtability could be impacted. We are also subject to other shipping risks. In particular, rail service
interruptions have affected our ability to ship, and the availability of rail service, and our ability to recover increased rail
costs, may be beyond our control.
o The Company operates in very competitive industries, which could adversely affect our profitability.
The Company has many competitors. Some of our principal competitors have greater ﬁnancial and other resources than
we have. Accordingly, these competitors may be better able to withstand economic downturns and changes in conditions
within the industries in which we operate and may have signiﬁcantly greater operating and ﬁnancial ﬂexibility than we do.
We also face competition for some of our products from alternative products, and some of the competition we face comes
from competitors in lower-cost production countries like China and India. As a result of the competitive environment in
the markets in which we operate, we currently face and will continue to face pressure on the sales prices of our products
from competitors, which could reduce proﬁt margins.
0 Production facilities are subject to operating risks and capacity limitations that may adversely affect the Company’s
financial condition or results of operations.
The Company is dependent on the continued operation of its production facilities. Production facilities are subject to
hazards associated with the manufacturing, handling, storage, and transportation of chemical materials and products,
including pipeline leaks and ruptures, explosions, ﬁres, inclement weather and natural disasters, mechanical failure,
unscheduled downtime, labor difﬁculties, transportation interruptions, and environmental risks. We maintain property,
17