Basic [Minerals and Other Products and Markets
Basic minerals and other products line contains sales of bentonite, chromite and leonardite to a variety of end markets and
industrial application, including the following:
Drilling Fluid Additives: Sodium bentonite and leonardite are components of certain drilling ﬂuids used in oil and gas well
drilling. Bentonite imparts thickening and suspension properties that facilitate the transport of rock cuttings to the surface during the
drilling process. It also contributes to a drilling ﬂuid’s ability to lubricate the drill bit and coat the underground formations to prevent
hole collapse and drill-bit seizing. We market our drilling ﬂuid additives under our own and private-label trade names. At least two
drilling ﬂuid service competitors have captive bentonite operations while others are party to long-term bentonite supply agreements.
The potential customers for our products, therefore, are generally limited to those service organizations that are neither vertically
integrated nor have long-term supply arrangements with other bentonite producers. Our primary trademark for this application is the
trade name PREMIUM GEL®.
F erro Alloys: A by-product of our chromite processing operations for foundry products includes a chromite ore which has
physical properties suited for use in producing ferrochrome. The ore generally needs to have chromite content in excess of 42% to
meet metallurgical grade speciﬁcations. Manufacturers of stainless steel are the primary users of ferrochrome.
Other Industrial: The Company produces bentonite and bentonite blends for the construction industry to be used as a plasticizing
agent in cement, and plaster and bricks. The Company also supplies bentonite to help pelletize other materials for ease of use.
Examples of this application include the pelletizing of iron ore.
This product line also includes sales from our internal transportation and logistics group. The Company’s basic minerals and
other product line net sales were $73.6 million in 2016, $75.7 million in 2015 and $63.4 million from May 9, 2014, through December
31, 2014.
Construction Technologies Segment
The Construction Technologies segment provides products for non-residential construction, environmental and infrastructure
projects worldwide. It serves customers engaged in a broad range of construction projects, including site remediation, concrete
waterprooﬁng for underground structures, liquid containment on projects ranging from landﬁlls to ﬂood control, and drilling
applications including foundation, slurry wall, tunneling, water well, and horizontal drilling.
This segment has two product lines — environmental products, and building materials and other products.
Environmental Products and Markets
The Environmental Product line includes bentonite and polymer lining technologies, as well as, other environmental remediation
applications.
The Company sells lining and other products for a variety of applications, most of which are directed to preserving or
remediating environmental issues. The Company helps customers protect ground water and soil through the sale of geosynthetic clay
liner products containing bentonite. These products are marketed under the RESISTEX® and BENTOMAT® trade names principally
for lining and capping landﬁlls, mine waste disposal sites and industrial waste storage sites, such as, bauxite residue and coal ash
waste. The Company also provides associated geosynthetic materials for these applications, including geotextiles and drainage
geocomposites.
Environmental Products also includes specialized technologies to mitigate vapor intrusion in new building construction. The
Company’s innovative vapor barrier systems prevent potentially harmful vapors from entering occupied space, thus facilitating low-
risk redevelopment. The Company also provides reactive capping technologies and solutions to effectively contain residual
contamination, reduce costs associated with ex-situ remedies, and aid in environmental protection. Products offered include Liquid
Boot®, a liquid applied vapor barrier system; REACTIV E CORE-MATTM, an in—situ sediment capping material; ORGANOCLAY®,
which absorbs organic containments; and QUIK—SOLID®, a super absorbent media.
The Company’s environmental product line net sales were $78.9 million in 2016, $69.7 million in 2015 and $70.7 million from
May 9, 2014, through December 31, 2014.
Building Materials and Other Products and Markets
The building materials and other products line includes various active and passive products for waterprooﬁng of
underground structures, commercial building envelopes and tunnels. It also includes drilling products for commercial buildings,
construction foundations, and for horizontal directional drilling applications.
Building Materials: The Company offers a wide variety of active and passive waterprooﬁng and greenroof technologies for use in
protecting the building envelope of non-residential construction, including buildings, subways, and parkway systems. Our products
8