MINERALS TECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 1. Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Business
The Company is a resource- and technology-based company that develops, produces and markets on a worldwide basis a
broad range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and supporting systems and services.
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying consolidated ﬁnancial statements include the accounts of Minerals Technologies Inc. (the
"Company"), its wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries, as well as variable interest entities for which the Company is the
primary beneﬁciary. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
On May 9, 2014, the Company acquired AMCOL International Corporation (“AMCOL”), see Note 2. The accompanying
Consolidated Statements of Income include the results of operations of the acquired AMCOL businesses from May 9, 2014,
through December 31, 2014.
Use of Estimates
The Company employs accounting policies that are in accordance with US. generally accepted accounting principles and
require management to make estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and
expenses during the reported period. Signiﬁcant estimates include those related to revenue recognition, valuation of accounts
receivables, valuation of inventories, valuation of long-lived assets, goodwill and other intangible assets, pension plan
assumptions, valuation of product liability and asset retirement obligation, income tax, income tax valuation allowances, and
litigation and environmental liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments
The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash
equivalents. Short-term investments consist of ﬁnancial instruments, mainly bank deposits, with original maturities beyond
three months, but less than twelve months. Short-term investments amounted to $2.0 million and $2.6 million at December
31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. There were no unrealized holding gains and losses on the short-term bank investments held
at December 31, 2016.
Trade Accounts Receivable
Trade accounts receivables are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. The allowance for doubtﬁil
accounts is the Company's best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company's existing accounts
receivable. The Company determines the allowance based on historical write-off experience and speciﬁc allowances for
bankrupt customers. The Company also analyzes the collection history and ﬁnancial condition of its other customers,
considering current industry conditions and determines whether an allowance needs to be established. The Company reviews
its allowance for doubtful accounts monthly. Past due balances over 90 days based on payment terms are reviewed
individually for collectability. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been
exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company does not have any off-balance—sheet credit
exposure related to its customers.
Inventories
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined by the ﬁrst-in, ﬁrst-out (FIFO) method.
Additionally, items such as idle facility expense, excessive spoilage, freight handling costs, and re-handling costs are
recognized as current period charges. The allocation of ﬁxed production overheads to the costs of conversion are based upon
the normal capacity of the production facility. Fixed overhead costs associated with idle capacity are expensed as incurred.
Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Signiﬁcant improvements are capitalized, while maintenance and
repair expenditures are charged to operations as incurred. The Company capitalizes interest cost as a component of
construction in progress. The straight-line method of depreciation is used for substantially for all of the assets for ﬁnancial
reporting purposes, except for mining related equipment which uses units-of-production method. The annual rates of
depreciation are 3% - 6.67% for buildings, 6.67% - 12.5% for machinery and equipment, 8% - 12.5% for furniture and
ﬁxtures and 12.5% - 25% for computer equipment and software-related assets. The estimated useful lives of our PCC
production facilities and machinery and equipment pertaining to our natural stone mining and processing plants and our
chemical plants are 15 years.
Property, plant and equipment are depreciated over their useful lives. Useful lives are based on management's estimates
of the period that the assets can generate revenue, which does not necessarily coincide with the remaining term of a
F-7