PART I
Item 1. Business
Minerals Technologies Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, the "Company", “we”, “us” or “our”) is a resource- and technology-
based company that develops, produces, and markets on a worldwide basis a broad range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and
synthetic mineral products and supporting systems and services. On May 9, 2014, the Company acquired AMCOL International
Corporation (“AMCOL”). See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details.
The Company has ﬁve reportable segments: Specialty Minerals, Refractories, Performance Materials, Construction Technologies,
and Energy Services.
- The Specialty Minerals segment produces and sells the synthetic mineral product precipitated calcium carbonate ("PCC") and
processed mineral product quicklime ("lime"), and mines mineral ores then processes and sells natural mineral products,
primarily limestone and talc. This segment's products are used principally in the paper, building materials, paint and
coatings, glass, ceramic, polymer, food, automotive and pharmaceutical industries.
- The Refractories segment produces and markets monolithic and shaped refractory materials and specialty products, services
and application and measurement equipment, and calcium metal and metallurgical wire products. Refractories segment
products are primarily used in high-temperature applications in the steel, non-ferrous metal and glass industries.
- The Performance Materials segment is a leading supplier of bentonite and bentonite-related products. This segment also
supplies chromite and leonardite and operates more than 25 mining or production facilities worldwide.
- The Construction Technologies segment provides products for non-residential construction, environmental and infrastructure
projects worldwide. It serves customers engaged in a broad range of construction projects, including site remediation,
concrete waterprooﬁng for underground structures, liquid containment on projects ranging from landﬁlls to ﬂood control, and
drilling applications including foundation, slurry wall, tunneling, water well, and horizontal drilling.
- The Energy Services segment provides services to improve the production, costs, compliance, and environmental impact of
activities performed in oil and gas industry. This segment offers a range of services for off-shore ﬁltration and well testing to
the worldwide oil and gas industry.
The following table sets forth the percentage of our revenues generated from each segment for each of our last three ﬁscal years:
IPercentage of Net Sales I 2016 l 2015 I 2014 I
Specialty Minerals 36% 35% 38%
Refractories 17% 16% 21%
Performance Materials 31% 29% 20%
Construction Technologies 11% 10% 9%
Energy Services : 5%: : 10%: : 12%:
Total 100%,: 100%,: 100%,:
The Company maintains a research and development focus. The Company's research and development capability for developing
and introducing technologically advanced new products has enabled the Company to anticipate and satisfy changing customer
requirements, creating market opportunities through new product development and product application innovations.
Specialty Minerals Segment
PC C Products and Markets
The Company's PCC product line net sales were $452.2 million, $488.1 million and $520.6 million for the years ended December
31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company's sales of PCC have been, and are expected to continue to be, made primarily to
the printing and writing papers segment of the paper industry. The Company also produces PCC for sale to companies in the polymer,
food and pharmaceutical industries.
PCC Products — Paper
In the paper industry, the Company's PCC is used:
° As a ﬁller in the production of coated and uncoated wood-free printing and writing papers, such as ofﬁce
papers;
' As a ﬁller in the production of coated and uncoated groundwood (wood-containing) paper such as magazine
and catalog papers; and
3