are shipped to the customer. Revenues from sales of equipment are recorded upon completion of installation and receipt of
customer acceptance. Revenues from services are recorded when the services are performed.
In most of our PCC contracts, the price per ton is based upon the total number of tons sold to the customer during the year.
Under those contracts, the price billed to the customer for shipments during the year is based on periodic estimates of the
total annual volume that will be sold to the customer. Revenues are adjusted at the end of each year to reﬂect the actual
volume sold. There were no signiﬁcant revenue adjustments in the fourth quarter of 2016 and 2015, respectively. We have
consignment arrangements with certain customers in our Refractories segment. Revenues for these transactions are recorded
when the consigned products are consumed by the customer.
Revenues within our Energy Services segment is service based. Certain contracts within this segment are long-term contracts,
the revenue for which is recorded using percentage-of—completion method. Progress is generally based upon costs incurred to
date as compared to the total estimated costs to complete the work under the contract or the amount of product installed in
relation to the total amount expected to be installed. All known or anticipated losses on contracts are provided when they
become evident. Cost adjustments that are in the process of being negotiated with customers for extra work or changes in
scope of the work are included in revenue when collection is reasonably assured.
o Allowance for doubtful accounts: We provide credit to customers in the ordinary course of business and perform ongoing
credit evaluations. Our customer base is diverse and includes customers located throughout the world. Payment terms in
certain of the foreign countries in which we do business are longer than those that are customary in the U.S., and, as a result,
may give rise to additional credit risk related to outstanding accounts receivable from these non-US. customers. Likewise, a
change in the ﬁnancial position, liquidity or prospects of any of our customers could have an impact on our ability to collect
amounts due. While concentrations of credit risk related to trade receivables are somewhat limited by our large customer
base, we do extend signiﬁcant credit to some of our customers.
We make estimates of the amounts of our gross accounts receivable that will not be collectible, and record an allowance for
doubtful accounts to reduce the carrying value of accounts receivable to the amount that is expected to be realized. In
addition to speciﬁc allowances established for bankrupt customers, we also analyze the collection history and ﬁnancial
condition of our other customers considering current industry conditions and determine whether an allowance needs to be
established or adjusted. We record the increases in the allowance for doubtful accounts as an expense in the period identiﬁed
in the marketing and administrative expenses line within our Consolidated Statements of Income. We recorded bad debt
expenses of $6.2 million, $2.6 million and $2.4 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
0 Property, plant and equipment: Property, plant and equipment are depreciated over their useful lives. Useful lives are based
on management’s estimates of the period that the assets can generate revenue, which does not necessarily coincide with the
remaining term of a customer’s contractual obligation to purchase products made using those assets. Our sales of PCC are
predominately pursuant to long-term evergreen contracts, initially ten years in length, with paper mills at which we operate
satellite PCC plants. The terms of many of these agreements have been extended, often in connection with an expansion of
the satellite PCC plant. Failure of a PCC customer to renew an agreement or continue to purchase PCC from our facility
could result in an impairment of assets or accelerated depreciation at such facility.
We evaluate the recoverability of our property, plant and equipment whenever events or change in circumstances indicate
that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. For testing the recoverability, we primarily use discounted cash
ﬂow models or cost approach to estimate the fair value of these assets. Critical assumptions used in conducting these tests
included expectations of our business performance and ﬁnancial results, useful lives of assets, discount rates and comparable
market data.
0 Valuation of long-lived assets, goodwill and other intangible assets: We assess the possible impairment of long-lived assets
and identiﬁable amortizable intangibles whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may
not be recoverable. Goodwill is evaluated for impairment at least annually. Factors we consider important that could trigger
an impairment review include the following:
- Signiﬁcant under-performance relative to historical or projected future operating results;
- Signiﬁcant changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or the strategy for the overall business;
- Signiﬁcant negative industry or economic trends;
- Market capitalization below invested capital.
Annually, the Company performs a qualitative assessment for each of its reporting units to determine if the two step process
for impairment testing is required. If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting
unit is less than its carrying amount, the Company then evaluates the recoverability of goodwill using a two-step impairment
test approach at the reporting unit level. Step one involves a) developing the fair value of total invested capital of each
reporting unit in which goodwill is assigned; and b) comparing the fair value of total invested capital for each reporting unit
to its carrying amount, to determine if there is goodwill impairment. Should the carrying amount for a reporting unit exceed
its fair value, then the step one test is failed, and the magnitude of any goodwill impairment is determined under step two.
39