Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Except as described above, there were no changes in the Company's internal control over ﬁnancial reporting during the most recent
ﬁscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the Company's internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting.
Item 9B. Other Information
None
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Ofﬁcers and Corporate Governance
Set forth below are the names and ages of all Executive Ofﬁcers of the Registrant indicating all positions and ofﬁces with the
Registrant held by each such person, and each such person's principal occupations or employment during the past ﬁve years.
Name Ag; Position
Douglas T. Dietrich............................. 47 ChiefExecutive Ofﬁcer
Matthew E. 42 Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasury, Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
D.J. Monagle, 54 Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Ofﬁcer — Specialty Minerals Inc. and Minteq
Group
Gary L. Castagna 55 Senior Vice President and Managing Director, Performance Materials
Jonathan J. Hastings............................ 54 Senior Vice President, Corporate Development
Douglas W. Mayger............................ 59 Senior Vice President and Director-MTI Supply Chain
Thomas J. 59 Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Human Resources, Secretary and Chief
Compliance Ofﬁcer
W. Rand Mendez 57 Senior Vice President and Managing Director, Paper PCC
Brett Argirakis 52 Vice President and Managing Director, Minteq International Inc.
Michael A. Cipolla.............................. 59 Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Ofﬁcer
Andrew 58 Vice President and Managing Director, Energy Services
Douglas T. Dietrich was elected Chief Executive Ofﬁcer effective December 13, 2016, having served previously as Senior Vice
President, Finance and Treasury, Chief Financial Ofﬁcer beginning on January 1, 2011. Prior to that, he was appointed Vice
President, Corporate Development and Treasury effective August 2007. He had been Vice President, Alcoa Wheel Products since
2006 and President, Latin America Extrusions and Global Rod and Bar Products since 2002.
Matthew E. Garth was elected Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasury, Chief Financial Ofﬁcer effective January 16, 2017.
Mr. Garth joins the Company from Arconic Inc. (formerly Alcoa Inc.), where most recently he had been Vice President, Financial
Planning & Analysis and Investor Relations since 2015. Prior to his most recent position, he was Vice President, Finance & CFO
Operations — Alcoa Global Packaging from 2014 to 2015; Vice President, Finance — Alcoa Global Packaging from 2011 to 2014; Vice
President, Finance — Alcoa North American Rolled Products from 2010 to 2011; Director, Investor Relations Alcoa, Inc. from 2009 to
2010; Director, Corporate Treasury Alcoa, Inc. from 2007 to 2009.
DJ. Monagle III was elected Chief Operating Ofﬁcer — Specialty Minerals Inc. and Minteq Group effective February 27, 2014.
Prior to that, he was Senior Vice President and Managing Director, Paper PCC, effective October 2008. In November 2007, he was
appointed Vice President and Managing Director - Performance Minerals. He joined the Company in January of 2003 and held
positions of increasing responsibility including Vice President, Americas, Paper PCC and Global Marketing Director, Paper PCC.
Before joining the Company, Mr. Monagle worked for the Paper Technology Group at Hercules between 1990 and 2003, where he
held sales and marketing positions of increasing responsibility. Between 1985 and 1990, he served as an aviation ofﬁcer in the US.
Army’s 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment, leaving the service as a troop commander with a rank of Captain.
Gary L. Castagna was elected Senior Vice President and Managing Director, Performance Materials in June 2014. Prior to that, he
was Executive Vice President of AMCOL International Corporation (AMCOL) and President of Performance Materials segment since
May 2008. Prior to that, he had been the Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Ofﬁcer and Treasurer of AMCOL since February
2001 and a consultant to AMCOL since June 2000. Prior to that, he was the Vice President of AMCOL and President of Chemdal
International Corporation (former subsidiary of AMCOL) since August 1997.
Jonathan J. Hastings was elected Senior Vice President, Corporate Development effective September 2012. Before that, he was
Vice President, Corporate Development. Prior to that, he was Senior Director of Strategy and New Business Development - Coatings,
Global at The Dow Chemical Company. Prior to that, he held positions of increasing responsibility at Rohm and Haas, including Vice
President & General Manager - Packaging and Building Materials - Europe.
45