MINERALS TECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Mineral rights were valued using discounted cash ﬂow method, a Level 3 fair value input. Plant, property and
equipment were valued using the replacement cost method adjusted for age and deterioration, also a Level 3 fair value input.
Intangible assets acquired mainly included technology and tradenames. Technology was valued using relief-from
royalty method, a Level 3 fair value input, with a weighted average amortization period of 12 years. Tradenames were valued
using multi-period excess earnings, also a Level 3 fair value input, with a weighted average amortization period of 34 years.
The Company incurred $8.0, $11.8 million and $19.1 million of acquisition and integration related cost during the
years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 2014, respectively, which is reﬂected within the acquisition related transaction and
integration costs line of the Consolidated Statements of Income.
Note 3. Restructuring and Other Items, net
In 2014, the Company initiated a restructuring program and undertook actions to realign its business operations, improve
efﬁciencies, proﬁtability, and return on invested capital. This restructuring impacted all business segments of the Company
and provided annualized savings of approximately $29 million (unaudited). This restructuring resulted in the following
charges relating to asset impairment and reduction in workforce:
Asset impairment and other restructuring charges:
The asset impairment charges in 2014 related to the consolidation of certain manufacturing operations and administrative
ofﬁces. The Company closed three Construction Technologies’ operations — two in Europe and one in Asia — and
consolidated those operations into others in these regions. The Company also closed and consolidated the operations of one
of its Performance Materials blending facilities in the US. The fair value of the associated assets was estimated using a
discounted cash ﬂow approach (a Level 3 fair value input).
In 2015, the Company recognized impairment charges for certain underutilized coiled tubing equipment within the Energy
Services segment which have been abandoned by the Company.
In 2016, the Company recognized additional restructuring charges for lease termination costs, inventory write-offs and
impairment of assets relating to its exit from the Nitrogen and Pipeline product lines and restructuring of other onshore
services within the Energy Services segment as a result of the signiﬁcant reduction in oil prices and overcapacity in the
onshore oil service market. The Company expects to realize further annualized savings from this restructuring program of
$11.5 million (unaudited). In addition, the Company recognized a $2.9 million gain on previously impaired assets in the
Refractories Segment.
Workforce reduction:
In 2014, the Company announced a 10% permanent reduction of its workforce including elimination of duplicate
corporate functions, deployment of our shared service model, and consolidation and alignment of various corporate functions
and regional locations across the Company.
F-13