global economy could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.
0 Our customers’ businesses are cyclical or have changing regional demands. Our operations are subject to these trends
and we may not be able to mitigate these risks.
0 Our Performance Materials segment’s sales are predominantly derived from the metalcasting market. The
metalcasting market is dependent upon the demand for castings for automobile components, farm and
construction equipment, oil and gas production equipment, power generation turbine castings, and rail car
components. Many of these types of equipment are sensitive to ﬂuctuations in demand during periods of
recession or tough economies, which ultimately may affect the demand for our Construction Technologies and
Performance Materials segments’ products and services.
0 In the paper industry, which is served by our Paper PCC product line, production levels for uncoated freesheet
within North America and Europe, our two largest markets are projected to continue to decrease. The reduced
demand for premium writing paper products has also caused the paper industry to experience a number of
bankruptcies and paper mill closures, including amongst our customers.
0 Our Refractories segment primarily serves the steel industry. North American and European steel production
continues to be affected by global volatility and overcapacity in the market.
0 Demand for our Energy Services segment’s products and services is affected by the level of exploration,
development, and production activity of, and the corresponding capital spending by, oil and natural gas
companies, which are heavily inﬂuenced by the benchmark price of these commodities. Oil and natural gas prices
decreased signiﬁcantly in 2014 and 2015, with West Texas Intermediate (WTI) oil spot prices declining from a
high of $108 per barrel in June 2014 to a low of $26 per barrel in February 2016. This has caused oil and natural
gas companies to reduce their capital expenditures and production and exploration activities. This has the effect
of decreasing the demand and increasing competition for the services we provide. In addition, the performance of
our Energy Services segment is affected by changes in technologies, locations of customers’ targeted reserves,
and competition in various geographic markets.
0 Our Construction Technologies segment’s sales are predominantly derived from the commercial construction and
infrastructure markets. In addition, our Processed Minerals and Specialty PCC product lines are affected by the
domestic building and construction markets, as well as the automotive market.
Demand for our products is subject to trends in these markets. During periods of economic slowdown, our customers often
reduce their capital expenditures and defer or cancel pending projects. Such developments occur even amongst customers
that are not experiencing ﬁnancial difﬁculties. In addition, these trends could cause our customers to face liquidity issues
or bankruptcy, which could deteriorate the aging of our accounts receivable, increase our bad debt exposure and possibly
trigger impairment of assets or realignment of our businesses. The Company has taken steps to reduce its exposure to
variations in its customers' businesses, including by diversifying its portfolio of products and services; through geographic
expansion, and by structuring most of its long-term satellite PCC contracts to provide a degree of protection against
declines in the quantity of product purchased, since the price per ton of PCC generally rises as the number of tons
purchased declines. In addition, many of the Company's product lines lower its customers' costs of production or increase
their productivity, which should encourage them to use its products. However, there can be no assurance that these efforts
will mitigate the risks of our dependence on these industries. Continued weakness in the industries we serve has had, and
may in the future have, an adverse effect on sales of our products and our results of operations. A continued or renewed
economic downturn in one or more of the industries or geographic regions that the Company serves, or in the worldwide
economy, could cause actual results of operations to differ materially from historical and expected results.
o The Company’s results could be adversely affected if it is unable to effectively achieve and implement its growth
initiatives.
Sales and income growth of the Company depends upon a number of uncertain events, including the outcome of the
Company's strategies of increasing its penetration into geographic markets such as the BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India, China)
countries and other Asian and Eastern European countries; increasing its penetration into product markets such as the
market for papercoating pigments and the market for groundwood paper pigments; increasing sales to existing PCC
customers by increasing the amount of PCC used per ton of paper produced; developing, introducing and selling new
products such as the FulFill® family of products for the paper industry. Difﬁculties, delays or failure of any of these
strategies could affect the future growth rate of the Company. Our strategy also anticipates growth through future
acquisitions. However, our ability to identify and consummate any future acquisitions on terms that are favorable to us
may be limited by the number of attractive acquisition targets, internal demands on our resources and our ability to obtain
ﬁnancing. Our success in integrating newly acquired businesses will depend upon our ability to retain key personnel,
avoid diversion of management’s attention from operational matters, and integrate general and administrative services. In
addition, future acquisitions could result in the incurrence of additional debt, costs and contingent liabilities. Integration of
acquired operations may take longer, or be more costly or disruptive to our business, than originally anticipated, and it is
also possible that expected synergies from future acquisitions may not materialize. We also may incur costs and divert
l4