TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Our 2016 results reflect the current challenges of the overall retail market. Our legacy brands’ performance
mirrored the challenges our retail partners are facing due to lower foot traffic at their brick and mortar locations,
as consumers increasingly shop on the internet. In addition, sales of our BOGS cold-weather product decreased
following last year’s mild winter, as retailers carried heavy inventory into 2016.
Our results for 2016 also include two non-recurring adjustments. We recorded a $2 million impairment charge to
write off the majority of the value of the Umi trademark, as we determined that the brand no longer fits our long-
term strategic objectives. We are currently reviewing a number of strategic alternatives for the Umi brand. We
also reversed a $3 million deferred tax liability related to corporate-owned life insurance policies on two former
executives.
Our North American wholesale sales for 2016 were $228 million and operating earnings were $16 million. Stacy
Adams and Nunn Bush sales decreased 2% and 13%, while Florsheim sales increased 1%. Bogs sales decreased
23%. Without any of the non-recurring adjustments, wholesale earnings from operations would have decreased
24% for the year, as a result of the sales declines. During this time, we have focused on controlling our costs,
maintaining margins and working to ensure our product offerings remain relevant.
Our North American retail segment, which includes 13 brick and mortar retail stores and our E-Commerce business
in the United States, had $22 million of sales and $2 million of operating earnings in 2016. Same store sales
increased 1% for the year, resulting from growth in our E-Commerce business. We opened a new store in Sawgrass
Mills Mall in Florida in 2016, and we will continue to review and close unprofitable stores.
Our other businesses in Australia, Asia Pacific, South Africa and Europe, had net sales of $48 million and operating
earnings of $3 million in 2016. Strong wholesale sales were tempered by weak retail sales in our Florsheim retail
stores in Australia, Hong Kong and Macau, as overseas retail markets are facing some of the same challenges as
we are in the US. in terms of weak mall traffic.
Our balance sheet remains strong, which allows us to continue to invest in our brands and make strategic decisions
for the long term. We ended the year with $39 million in cash and marketable securities and $4 million in short
term borrowings. In 2016, we made improvements to our US. distribution center to increase its capacity. We
also paid $5 million representing the final payment for the 2011 Bogs acquisition. We continue to buy back our
Company stock in the market, and again raised our quarterly dividend rate in 2016.
We are disappointed by our results for the year, but are committed to addressing the challenges brought out by
the rapidly changing retail landscape. We believe we have the right products and long-term strategies in place
that will position the Company for growth in the long term. We thank you for your interest in and support of our
Company.
f M Kim; ll /Z/ZA
Thomas W. Florsheim, Jr. John W. Florsheim
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Operating Officer