The limited public float and trading volume for the Company’s stock may have an adverse
impact on the stock price or make it difficult to liquidate.
The Company’s common stock is held by a relatively small number of shareholders. The
Florsheim family owns approximately 34% of the stock and two institutional shareholders hold
significant blocks. Other officers, directors, and members of management own stock or have the
potential to own stock through previously granted stock options and restricted stock. Consequently,
the Company has a relatively small float and low average daily trading volume, which could affect a
shareholder’s ability to sell stock or the price at which it can be sold. In addition, future sales of
substantial amounts of the Company’s common stock in the public market by large shareholders, or
the perception that these sales could occur, may adversely impact the market price of the stock and
the stock could be difficult for the shareholder to liquidate.
Deterioration of the municipal bond market in general or of specific municipal bonds held by
the Company or its pension plan may result in a material adverse effect on the Company’s
financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
The Company maintains an investment portfolio consisting primarily of investment-grade
municipal bond investments. The Company’s investment policy only permits the purchase of
investment-grade securities. The Company’s investment portfolio totaled approximately $26 million as
of December 31, 2016, or approximately 10% of total assets. If the value of municipal bonds in
general or any of the Company’s municipal bond holdings deteriorate, the performance of the
Company’s investment portfolio, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity may be
materially and adversely affected.
The Company’s total assets include goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets. If
management determines these have become impaired in the future, net earnings could be
materially adversely affected. Additionally, potential tax reform changes related to such assets
may adversely affect the Company’s financial results.
Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair market value of net assets acquired in a
business combination. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are comprised of trademarks on certain of the
Company’s principal shoe brands. The Company’s goodwill and trademarks totaled approximately
$44 million as of December 31, 2016, or approximately 16% of total assets.
The Company analyzes its goodwill and trademarks for impairment on an annual basis or
more frequently when, in the judgment of management, an event has occurred that may indicate that
additional analysis is required. Impairment may result from, among other things, deterioration in
the Company’s performance, adverse market conditions, adverse changes in applicable laws or
regulations, including changes that restrict the activities of or affect the products sold by the
Company, and a variety of other factors. The amount of any quantified impairment must be expensed
as a charge to results of operations in the period in which the asset becomes impaired.
In the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company evaluated the current state of its Umi business and
determined the brand did not fit the long-term strategic objectives of the Company. As a result, the
Company recorded a $1.8 million impairment charge ($1.1 million after tax) to write off the majority of
the value of the Umi trademark. Other than this write-off, the Company did not record any other
goodwill or trademark impairment charges in 2016. The Company also did not record any goodwill or
trademark impairment charges in 2015 or 2014. Any future determination of impairment of a
significant portion of goodwill or other identifiable intangible assets could have an adverse effect on
the Company’s financial condition and results of operations.
Goodwill and trademarks are being deducted for tax purposes in accordance with the U.S. tax
policy. Any changes in the U.S. tax policy, limiting or eliminating the deductibility of such assets,
could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial results.
7