EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
The following were executive officers of Company as of December 31, 2016:
Name Position Age
Thomas W. Florsheim, Jr!“ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 58
John w. Florsheim“) President, Chief Operating Officer and Assistant 53
Secretary
John F. Wittkowske Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 57
Secretary
Judy Anderson Vice President, Finance and Treasurer 49
Mike Bernsteen Vice President, and President of Nunn Bush Brand 60
Dustin Combs Vice President, and President of BOGS and Rafters 34
Brands
Brian Flannery Vice President, and President of Stacy Adams 55
Brand
Kevin Schiff Vice President, and President of Florsheim Brand 48
George Sotiros Vice President, Information Technology 50
Allison Woss Vice President, Supply Chain 44
(1) Thomas W. Florsheim, Jr. and John W. Florsheim are brothers, and Chairman Emeritus Thomas
W. Florsheim is their father.
Thomas W. Florsheim, Jr. has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for more than
5 years.
John W. Florsheim has served as President, Chief Operating Officer and Assistant Secretary for
more than 5 years.
John F. Wittkowske has served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
for more than 5 years.
Judy Anderson has served as Vice President of Finance and Treasurer for more than 5 years.
Mike Bernsteen has served as a Vice President of the Company and President of the Nunn
Bush Brand for 5 years.
Dustin Combs has served as a Vice President of the Company and President of the BOGS and
Rafters Brands since January 2015. Prior to this role, Mr. Combs served as Vice President of Sales
for the BOGS and Rafters Brands from March 2011 to January 2015.
Brian Flannery has served as a Vice President of the Company and President of the Stacy
Adams Brand for more than 5 years.
Kevin Schiff has served as a Vice President of the Company and President of the Florsheim
Brand for more than 5 years.
George Sotiros has served as Vice President of Information Technology for more than 5 years.
Allison Woss has served as Vice President of Supply Chain since August 2016. Prior to this
role, Ms. Woss served as Vice President of Purchasing from January 2007 to August 2016.
10