ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS
There are various factors that affect the Company’s business, results of operations and financial
condition, many of which are beyond the Company’s control. The following is a description of some
of the significant factors that might materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, results of
operations and financial condition.
Decreases in disposable income and general market volatility in the U.S. and global economy
may adversely affect the Company.
Spending patterns in the footwear market, particularly those in the moderate-priced market in
which a majority of the Company’s products compete, have historically been impacted by consumers’
disposable income. As a result, the success of the Company is impacted by changes in general
economic conditions, especially in the United States. Factors affecting discretionary income for the
moderate consumer include, among others, general business conditions, gas and energy costs,
employment, consumer confidence, interest rates and taxation. Additionally, the economy and
consumer behavior can impact the financial strength and buying patterns of retailers, which can also
affect the Company’s results. Volatile, unstable or weak economic conditions, or a worsening of
conditions, could adversely affect the Company’s sales volume and overall performance.
Volatility and uncertainty in the U.S. and global credit markets could adversely affect the
Company’s business.
U.S. and global financial markets recently have been, and continue to be, unstable and
unpredictable, which has generally resulted in tightened credit markets with heightened lending
standards and terms. Volatility and instability in the credit markets pose various risks to the Company,
including, among others, negatively impacting retailer and consumer confidence, limiting the
Company’s customers’ access to credit markets and interfering with the normal commercial
relationships between the Company and its customers. Increased credit risks associated with the
financial condition of some customers in the retail industry affects their level of purchases from
the Company and the collectability of amounts owed to the Company, and in some cases, causes the
Company to reduce or cease shipments to certain customers who no longer meet the Company’s
credit requirements.
In addition, weak economic conditions and unstable and volatile financial markets could lead to
certain of the Company’s customers experiencing cash flow problems, which may force them into
higher default rates or to file for bankruptcy protection which may increase the Company’s bad debt
expense or further negatively impact the Company’s business.
The Company is subject to risks related to the retail environment that could adversely impact
the Company’s business.
The Company is subject to risks associated with doing business in the retail environment,
primarily in the United States. The U.S. retail industry has experienced a growing trend toward
consolidation of large retailers. The merger of major retailers could result in the Company losing
sales volume or increasing its concentration of business with a few large accounts, resulting in
reduced bargaining power on the part of the Company, which could increase pricing pressures and
lower the Company’s margins.
As the popularity of online shopping for consumer goods increases, the Company’s retail
partners may experience decreased foot traffic which could negatively impact their businesses. This
may, in turn, negatively impact the Company’s sales to those customers, and adversely affect the
Company’s results of operations.
Changes in consumer preferences could negatively impact the Company.
The Company’s success is dependent upon its ability to accurately anticipate and respond to
rapidly changing fashion trends and consumer preferences. Failure to predict or respond to trends or
preferences could have an adverse impact on the Company’s sales volume and overall performance.
4