ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign exchange and interest rates. To
reduce the risk from changes in foreign exchange rates, the Company selectively uses foreign
exchange contracts. The Company does not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes.
The Company generally does not have significant market risk on its marketable securities as those
investments consist of investment-grade securities and are held to maturity. The Company reviewed
its portfolio of investments as of December 31, 2016, and determined that no other-than-temporary
market value impairment exists.
The Company is also exposed to market risk related to the assets in its defined benefit pension
plan. The Company reduces that risk by having a diversified portfolio of equity and fixed income
investments and periodically reviews this allocation with its investment consultants.
Foreign Currency
The Company’s earnings are affected by fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar against
foreign currencies, primarily as a result of the sale of product to Canadian customers, Florsheim
Australia’s purchases of its inventory in U.S. dollars and the Company’s intercompany loans with
Florsheim Australia. At December 31, 2016, the Company had foreign exchange contracts
outstanding to sell $6.0 million Canadian dollars at a price of approximately $4.5 million U.S. dollars.
Additionally, Florsheim Australia had foreign exchange contracts outstanding to buy $2.6 million
U.S. dollars at a price of approximately $3.5 million Australian dollars. All contracts expire in less than
one year. Based on the Company’s outstanding foreign contracts and intercompany loans, a 10%
depreciation in the U.S. dollar at December 31, 2016 would result in a loss of approximately
$298,000.
Interest Rates
The Company is exposed to interest rate fluctuations on borrowings under its revolving line of
credit. At December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately $4.3 million of outstanding
borrowings under the revolving line of credit. The interest expense related to borrowings under the
line during 2016 was approximately $217,000. A 10% increase in the Company’s interest rate on
borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2016 would not have a material effect on the Company’s
financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
25