Critical Accounting Policies
The Company’s accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements. As disclosed in Note 2, the preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts
reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Future events and their
effects cannot be determined with absolute certainty. Therefore, the determination of estimates
requires the exercise of judgment. Actual results inevitably will differ from those estimates, and such
differences may be material to the consolidated financial statements. The following policies are
considered by management to be the most critical in understanding the significant accounting
estimates inherent in the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements and the
uncertainties that could impact the Company’s results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
Sales Returns, Sales Allowances and Doubtful Accounts
The Company records reserves and allowances (“reserves”) for sales returns, sales allowances
and discounts, cooperative advertising, and accounts receivable balances that it believes will
ultimately not be collected. The reserves are based on such factors as specific customer situations,
historical experience, a review of the current aging status of customer receivables and current and
expected economic conditions. The reserve for doubtful accounts includes a specific reserve for
accounts identified as potentially uncollectible, plus an additional reserve for the balance of accounts,
determined based on historical trends. The Company evaluates the reserves and the estimation
process and makes adjustments when appropriate. Historically, actual write-offs against the reserves
have been within the Company’s expectations. Changes in these reserves may be required if actual
returns, discounts and bad debt activity varies from the original estimates. These changes could
impact the Company’s results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
Pension Plan Accounting
The Company’s pension expense and corresponding obligation are determined on an actuarial
basis and require certain actuarial assumptions. Management believes the two most critical of these
assumptions are the discount rate and the expected rate of return on plan assets. The Company
evaluates its actuarial assumptions annually on the measurement date (December 31) and makes
modifications based on such factors as market interest rates and historical asset performance.
Changes in these assumptions can result in different expense and liability amounts, and future actual
experience can differ from these assumptions.
Discount Rate— Pension expense and projected benefit obligation both increase as the
discount rate is reduced. See Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
discount rates used in determining the net pension expense for the years ended December 31,
2016, 2015 and 2014 and the funded status of the plans at December 31, 2016 and 2015.
Effective January 1, 2016, the Company adopted the spot-rate approach to determine the
interest cost component of pension expense. Under the spot-rate approach, the interest cost is
calculated by applying interest to the discounted cash flow expected at each payment date. The
interest is determined using the same spot rate along the yield curve that was used to determine
the present value of the associated payment. Prior to 2016, the Company the Company utilized
the cash flow matching method, which discounted each year’s projected cash flows at the
associated spot interest rate back to the measurement date. A 0.5% decrease in the discount
rate would increase annual pension expense and the projected benefit obligation by
approximately $32,000 and $3.9 million, respectively.
The Company considered the adoption of the spot rate approach a change in accounting
estimate and recognized the effects of the change on a prospective basis. The effects of
adopting the spot rate approach reduced net pension expense by approximately $522,000
($318,000 after tax, or $0.03 per diluted share) in 2016, primarily due to a reduction in interest
cost
22