SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.
WEYCO GROUP, INC.
By /s/ John F. Wittkowske March 9, 2017
John F. Wittkowske, Senior Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
Power of Attorney
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below
constitutes and appoints Thomas W. Florsheim, Jr., John W. Florsheim, and John F. Wittkowske, and
each of them, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and
resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and
all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents
in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all
intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or their substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done
by virtue thereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been
signed below, as of March 9, 2017, by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities indicated.
/s/ Thomas W. Florsheim
Thomas W. Florsheim, Chairman Emeritus
/s/ Thomas W. Florsheim, Jr.
Thomas W. Florsheim, Jr., Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ John W. Florsheim
John W. Florsheim, President, Chief Operating Officer,
Assistant Secretary and Director
/s/ John F. Wittkowske
John F. Wittkowske, Senior Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer and Secretary (Principal Financial Officer)
/s/ Judy Anderson
Judy Anderson, Vice President, Finance and
Treasurer (Principal Accounting Officer)
/s/ Tina Chang
Tina Chang, Director
/s/ Robert Feitler
Robert Feitler, Director
/s/ Cory L. Nettles
Cory L. Nettles, Director
/s/ Frederick P. Stratton, Jr.
Frederick P. Stratton, Jr., Director
68