NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS
Weyco Group, Inc. designs and markets quality and innovative footwear for men, women and
children under a portfolio of well-recognized brand names including: “Florsheim,” “Nunn Bush,”
“Stacy Adams,” “BOGS,” “Rafters,” and “Umi.” Inventory is purchased from third-party overseas
manufacturers. The majority of foreign-sourced purchases are denominated in US. dollars. The
Company has two reportable segments, North American wholesale operations (“wholesale”) and
North American retail operations (“retail”). In the wholesale segment, the Company’s products are
sold to leading footwear, department and specialty stores primarily in the United States and Canada.
The Company also has licensing agreements with third parties who sell its branded apparel,
accessories and specialty footwear in the United States, as well as its footwear in Mexico and certain
markets overseas. Licensing revenues are included in the Company’s wholesale segment. The
Company’s retail segment consisted of 13 Company-owned retail stores and an internet business in
the United States as of December 31, 2016. Sales in retail outlets are made directly to consumers by
Company employees. The Company’s “other” operations include the Company’s wholesale and retail
operations in Australia, South Africa, Asia Pacific (collectively, “Florsheim Australia”) and Europe
(“Florsheim Europe”). The majority of the Company’s operations are in the United States, and its
results are primarily affected by the economic conditions and retail environment in the United States.
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Principles of Consolidation — The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and include all of the
Company’s majority-owned subsidiaries after elimination of intercompany accounts and transactions.
Use of Estimates— The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reported periods. Actual results could differ materially from those
estimates.
Cash and Cash Equivalents— The Company considers all highly liquid investments with
maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. At December 31,
2016 and 2015, the Company’s cash and cash equivalents included investments in money market
accounts and cash deposits at various banks. The Company periodically has cash balances in
excess of insured amounts. The Company has not experienced any losses on deposits in excess of
insured amounts.
Investments —All of the Company’s municipal bond investments are classified as
held-to-maturity securities and reported at amortized cost pursuant to Accounting Standards
Codification (“ASC”) 320, Investments — Debt and Equity Securities (“ASC 320”) as the Company
has the intent and ability to hold all investments to maturity. See Note 4.
Accounts Receivable —Trade accounts receivable arise from the sale of products on unsecured
trade credit terms. On a quarterly basis, the Company reviews all significant accounts with past due
balances, as well as the collectability of other outstanding trade accounts receivable for possible
write-off. It is the Company’s policy to write-off accounts receivable against the allowance account
when receivables are deemed to be uncollectible. The allowance for doubtful accounts reflects the
Company’s best estimate of probable losses in the accounts receivable balances. The Company
determines the allowance based on known troubled accounts, historical experience and other
evidence currently available.
36