NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — (continued)
lnventories— Inventories are valued at cost, which is not in excess of market value. The
majority of inventories are determined on a last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) basis. Inventory costs include the
cost of shoes purchased from third-party manufacturers, as well as related freight and duty costs.
The Company generally takes title to product at the time of shipping. See Note 5.
Property, Plant and Equipment and Depreciation — Property, plant and equipment are stated at
cost. Plant and equipment are depreciated using primarily the straight-line method over their
estimated useful lives as follows: buildings and improvements, 10 to 39 years; machinery and
equipment, 3 to 5 years; furniture and fixtures, 5 to 7 years. For income tax reporting purposes,
depreciation is calculated using applicable methods.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets — Property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment
in accordance with ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment if events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets is measured by a
comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to its related estimated undiscounted future cash
flows. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying value of the
related asset or group of assets, a loss is recognized for the difference between the fair value and
carrying value of the asset or group of assets. To derive the fair value, the Company utilizes the
income approach and the fair value determined is categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
The fair value of each asset group is determined using the estimated future cash flows discounted at
an estimated weighted-average cost of capital. For purposes of the impairment review, the Company
groups assets at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash
flows of other assets and liabilities. In the case of its retail stores, the Company groups assets at the
individual store level. In connection with the Company’s impairment review, the Company’s retail
segment recognized an impairment charge of $113,000 in 2016 which was recorded within selling
and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. No impairment charges
were recorded in 2015 or 2014.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets — Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the
estimated fair value of the underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition of a
business. Goodwill is not subject to amortization. Other intangible assets consist of trademarks,
customer relationships, and a non-compete agreement. Intangible assets with definite lives are
amortized over their estimated useful lives. Intangible assets which are not amortized are reviewed
for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
amounts may not be recoverable. See Note 7.
Life Insurance — Life insurance policies are recorded at the amount that could be realized under
the insurance contracts as of the balance sheet date. These assets are included within other assets
in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 8.
Contingent Consideration — Contingent consideration was comprised of two earn-out payments
that the Company was obligated to pay the former shareholders of The Combs Company (“Bogs”) in
connection with the Company’s acquisition of Bogs in 2011. The Company revalued the contingent
consideration liability on a quarterly basis and recorded increases or decreases in its fair value as an
adjustment to operating earnings. Changes to the liability resulted from accretion of the discount due
to the passage of time as well as changes in the actual or projected performance of Bogs. The
assumptions used to determine the fair value of the contingent consideration liability included a
significant amount of judgment. See Note 10.
Income Taxes — Deferred income taxes are provided on temporary differences arising from
differences in the basis of assets and liabilities for income tax and financial reporting purposes.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted income tax rates in effect. Tax rate
changes affecting deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in income at the enactment date.
37