companies primarily on the basis of price, quality, service and brand recognition, all of which are
important competitive factors in the shoe industry. The Company’s ability to maintain its competitive
edge depends upon these factors, as well as its ability to deliver new products at the best value for
the consumer, maintain positive brand recognition, and obtain sufficient retail floor space and
effective product presentation at retail. If the Company does not remain competitive, the Company’s
future results of operations and financial condition could decline.
The Company is dependent on information and communication systems to support its
business and internet sales. Significant interruptions could disrupt its business.
The Company accepts and fills the majority of its larger customers’ orders through the use of
Electronic Data Interchange (EDI). It relies on its warehouse management system to efficiently
process orders. The corporate office relies on computer systems to efficiently process and record
transactions. Significant interruptions in the Company’s information and communication systems from
power loss, telecommunications failure or computer system failure could significantly disrupt the
Company’s business and operations. In addition, the Company sells footwear on its websites, and
failures of the Company’s or other retailers’ websites could adversely affect the Company’s sales and
results.
The Company, particularly its retail segment and its internet business, is subject to the risk of
data loss and security breaches.
The Company sells footwear in its retail stores and on its websites, and therefore the Company
and/or its third party credit card processors must process, store, and transmit large amounts of data,
including personal information of its customers. Failure to prevent or mitigate data loss or other
security breaches, including breaches of Company technology and systems, could expose the
Company or its customers to a risk of loss or misuse of such information, adversely affect the
Company’s operating results, result in litigation or potential liability for the Company, and othenNise
harm the Company’s business and/or reputation. In order to address these risks, the Company uses
third party technology and systems for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, encryption
and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, back-office support,
and other functions. Although the Company has developed systems and processes that are designed
to protect customer information and prevent data loss and other security breaches, including systems
and processes designed to reduce the impact of a security breach at a third party vendor, such
measures cannot provide absolute security.
The Company may not be able to successfully integrate new brands and businesses.
The Company has completed a number of acquisitions in the past and intends to continue to
look for new acquisition opportunities. Those search efforts could be unsuccessful and costs could be
incurred in any failed efforts. Further, if and when an acquisition occurs, the Company cannot
guarantee that it will be able to successfully integrate the brand into its current operations, or that
any acquired brand would achieve results in line with the Company’s historical performance or its
specific expectations for the brand.
Loss of the services of the Company’s top executives could adversely affect the business.
Thomas W. Florsheim, Jr., the Company’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and John W.
Florsheim, the Company’s President, Chief Operating Officer and Assistant Secretary, have a strong
heritage within the Company and the footwear industry. They possess knowledge, relationships and
reputations based on their lifetime exposure to and experience in the Company and the industry. The
loss of either one or both of the Company’s top executives could have an adverse impact on the
Company’s performance.
6