Expected Rate of Return— Pension expense increases as the expected rate of return on
pension plan assets decreases. In estimating the expected return on plan assets, the Company
considers the historical returns on plan assets and future expectations of asset returns. The
Company utilized an expected rate of return on plan assets of 7.50% in 2016, 2015 and 2014.
This rate was based on the Company’s long-term investment policy of equity securities:
20% — 80%; fixed income securities: 20% — 80%; and other, principally cash: 0% — 20%. A 0.5%
decrease in the expected return on plan assets would increase annual pension expense by
approximately $156,000.
The Company’s unfunded benefit obligation was $28.2 million and $30.6 million at December 31,
2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease between years was primarily due to the pension plan
freeze, effective December 31, 2016. The effect of the freeze was a reduction of the projected benefit
obligation to the amount of the plans’ accumulated benefit obligations.
Goodwill and Trademarks
Goodwill and trademarks are tested for impairment on an annual basis and more frequently
when significant events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be
recoverable. Conditions that would trigger an impairment assessment include, but are not limited to,
a significant adverse change in legal factors or business climate that could affect the value of the
asset
The Company’s $11.1 million of goodwill resulted from the 2011 acquisition of The Combs
Company (“Bogs”). The Company uses a two-step process to test this goodwill for impairment. First,
the applicable reporting unit’s fair value is compared to its carrying value. If the reporting unit’s
carrying amount exceeds its fair value, an indication exists that the reporting unit’s goodwill may be
impaired, and the second step of the impairment test would be performed. The second step of the
goodwill impairment test is to measure the amount of the impairment loss, if any. In the second step,
the implied fair value of the reporting unit’s goodwill is determined by allocating the reporting unit’s
fair value to all of its assets and liabilities similar to a purchase price allocation. The implied fair value
of the goodwill that results from the application of this second step is then compared to the carrying
amount of the goodwill and an impairment charge would be recorded for the difference if the carrying
value exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill.
The Company conducted its annual impairment test of goodwill as of December 31, 2016. For
goodwill impairment testing, the Company determined the applicable reporting unit is its wholesale
segment. Fair value of the wholesale segment was estimated based on a discounted cash flow
analysis. The rate used in determining discounted cash flows was a rate corresponding to the
Company’s weighted average cost of capital, adjusted for risk where appropriate. In determining the
estimated future cash flows, current and future levels of income were considered as well as business
trends and market conditions. The testing determined that the estimated fair value of the wholesale
segment exceeded its carrying value therefore there was no impairment of goodwill in 2016.
The Company conducted its annual impairment tests of trademarks as of December 31, 2016.
The Company uses a discounted cash flow methodology to determine the fair value of its
trademarks, and a loss would be recognized if the carrying values of the trademarks exceeded their
fair values. During the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company evaluated the current state of the
Umi business and determined the brand did not fit the long-term strategic objectives of the Company.
As a result, the Company recorded a $1,770,000 impairment charge to write off the majority of the
value of the Umi trademark. Other than this write-down, there were no other impairments of the
Company’s trademarks in 2016. Additionally, there were no impairments of the Company’s
trademarks in 2015 or 2014.
The Company can make no assurances that the goodwill or trademarks will not be impaired in
the future. When preparing a discounted cash flow analysis, the Company makes a number of key
estimates and assumptions. The Company estimates the future cash flows based on historical and
forecasted revenues and operating costs. This, in turn, involves further estimates such as estimates
of future growth rates and inflation rates. The discount rate is based on the estimated weighted
23