PART 1
ITEM 1 BUSINESS
Weyco Group, Inc. is a Wisconsin corporation incorporated in the year 1906 as Weyenberg Shoe
Manufacturing Company. Effective April 25, 1990, the name of the corporation was changed to
Weyco Group, Inc.
Weyco Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) engage in one line of business: the
design and distribution of quality and innovative footwear. The Company designs and markets
footwear principally for men, but also for women and children, under a portfolio of well-recognized
brand names including: “Florsheim,” “Nunn Bush,” “Stacy Adams,” “BOGS,” “Rafters” and “Umi.”
Trademarks maintained by the Company on its brands are important to the business. The Company’s
products consist primarily of mid-priced leather dress shoes and casual footwear composed of
man-made materials or leather. In addition, the Company added outdoor boots, shoes and sandals in
2011 with the acquisition of the BOGS and Rafters brands. The Company’s footwear is available in a
broad range of sizes and widths, primarily purchased to meet the needs and desires of the general
American population.
The Company purchases finished shoes from outside suppliers, primarily located in China and
India. Almost all of these foreign-sourced purchases are denominated in US. dollars. The Company
continues to experience upward cost pressures from its suppliers related to a variety of factors,
including higher labor, materials and freight costs. Recently, the strength of the US. dollar against the
Chinese and Indian currencies has helped to mitigate price increases. The Company has also
worked to increase its selling prices to offset the effect of these increases.
The Company’s business is separated into two reportable segments — the North American
wholesale segment (“wholesale”) and the North American retail segment (“retail”). The Company
also has other wholesale and retail businesses overseas which include its businesses in Australia,
South Africa and Asia Pacific (collectively, “Florsheim Australia”) and its wholesale and retail
businesses in Europe (“Florsheim Europe”).
In 2016, 2015 and 2014, sales of the Company’s wholesale segment, which include both
wholesale sales and worldwide licensing revenues, constituted approximately 77%, 78% and 76% of
total sales, respectively. At wholesale, shoes are marketed throughout the United States and Canada
in more than 10,000 shoe, clothing and department stores. In 2016, 2015, and 2014 no individual
customer represented more than 10% of the Company’s total sales. The Company employs traveling
salespeople and independent sales representatives who sell the Company’s products to retail outlets.
Shoes are shipped to these retailers primarily from the Company’s distribution center in Glendale,
Wisconsin. In the men’s footwear business, there is generally no identifiable seasonality, although
new styles are historically developed and shown twice each year, in spring and fall. With the
Company’s BOGS brand, which mainly sells winter and outdoor boots, there is seasonality in its
business due to the nature of the product; the majority of BOGS sales occur in the third and fourth
quarters. Consistent with industry practices, the Company carries significant amounts of inventory to
meet customer delivery requirements and periodically provides extended payment terms to
customers. The Company also has licensing agreements with third parties who sell its branded shoes
outside of the United States, as well as licensing agreements with specialty shoe, apparel and
accessory manufacturers in the United States.
Sales of the Company’s retail segment constituted 7% of total sales in each of the years 2016,
2015, and 2014. As of December 31, 2016, the retail segment consisted of 13 Company-operated
stores and an internet business in the United States. Sales in retail stores are made directly to the
consumer by Company employees.
Sales of the Company’s other businesses represented 16%, 15% and 17% of total sales in 2016,
2015, and 2014, respectively. These sales relate to the Company’s wholesale and retail operations in
Australia, South Africa, Asia Pacific and Europe.
2