Risks related to our defined benefit plan may adversely impact our results of operations and
cash flow.
Significant changes in actual investment return on defined benefit plan assets, discount rates,
mortality assumptions and other factors could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations
and the amounts of contributions the Company must make to its defined benefit plan in future
periods. As the Company marks-to-market its defined benefit plan assets and liabilities on an annual
basis, large non-cash gains or losses could be recorded in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year.
Generally accepted accounting principles in the US. require that the Company calculate income or
expense for the plan using actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect assumptions about financial
markets and interest rates, which may change based on economic conditions. Funding requirements
for the Company’s defined benefit plans are dependent upon, among other things, interest rates,
underlying asset returns and the impact of legislative or regulatory changes related to defined benefit
funding obligations. For a discussion regarding the significant assumptions used to determine net
periodic benefit cost, refer to “Critical Accounting Policies” included in Item 7, “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
If the Company is unable to maintain effective internal control over its financial reporting,
investors could lose confidence in the reliability of its financial statements, which could result
in a reduction in the value of its common stock.
Under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, public companies must include a report of
management on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting in their annual reports; that
report must contain an assessment by management of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting. In addition, the independent registered public accounting firm that
audits a company’s financial statements must attest to and report on the effectiveness of the
company’s internal control over financial reporting.
If the Company is unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, including
in connection with changes in accounting rules and standards that apply to it, this could lead to a
failure to meet its reporting obligations to the SEC. Such a failure in turn could result in an adverse
reaction to the Company in the marketplace or a loss in value of the Company’s common stock, due
to a loss of confidence in the reliability of the Company’s financial statements.
Natural disasters and other events outside of the Company’s control, and the ineffective
management of such events, may harm the Company’s business.
The Company’s facilities and operations, as well as those of the Company’s suppliers and
customers, may be impacted by natural disasters. In the event of such disasters, and if the Company
or its suppliers or customers are not adequately insured, the Company’s business could be harmed
due to the event itself or due to its inability to effectively manage the effects of the particular event;
potential harms include the loss of business continuity, the loss of inventory or business data and
damage to infrastructure, warehouses or distribution centers.
Regulations related to conflict minerals may force us to incur additional expenses.
The SEC has adopted disclosure requirements related to certain minerals sourced from the
Democratic Republic of Congo and surrounding countries, or “conflict minerals,” that are necessary
to the functionality of a product manufactured, or contracted to be manufactured, by a SEC reporting
company. The minerals that the rules cover are commonly referred to as “3TG” and include tin,
tantalum, tungsten and gold. Implementation of the disclosure requirements could affect the sourcing
and availability of some of the materials that the Company uses in the manufacture of its products.
There is also uncertainty relating to the requirements of the regulations as a result of ongoing
litigation challenging the constitutionality of portions of the regulations. The Company’s supply chain
is complex, and if it is not able to determine the origins for all conflict minerals used in its products or
that its products are “conflict free,” then it may face reputational challenges with customers or
investors. The Company could also incur significant costs related to the compliance process,
including potential difficulty or added costs in satisfying disclosure and audit requirements.
8