The Company relies on independent foreign sources of production and the availability of
leather, rubber and other raw materials which could have unfavorable effects on the
Company’s business.
The Company purchases its products entirely from independent foreign manufacturers, primarily
in China and India. Although the Company has good working relationships with its manufacturers, the
Company does not have long-term contracts with them. Thus, the Company could experience
increases in manufacturing costs, disruptions in the timely supply of products or unanticipated
reductions in manufacturing capacity, any of which could negatively impact the Company’s business,
results of operations and financial condition. The Company has the ability to move product to
different suppliers; however, the transition may not occur smoothly and/or quickly and the Company
could miss customer delivery date requirements and, consequently, could lose orders.
The Company’s use of foreign sources of production results in long production and delivery lead
times. Therefore, the Company typically forecasts demand at least five months in advance. If the
Company’s forecasts are wrong, it could result in the loss of sales if the Company does not have
enough product on hand, or in reduced margins if the Company has excess inventory that needs to
be sold at discounted prices.
The Company’s ability to import products in a timely and cost-effective manner may be affected
by disruptions at U.S. or foreign ports or other transportation facilities, such as labor disputes and
work stoppages, political unrest, severe weather, or security requirements in the United States and
other countries. These issues could delay importation of products or require the Company to locate
alternative ports or warehousing providers to avoid disruption to its customers. These alternatives
may not be available on short notice or could result in higher transportation costs, which could have
a material adverse impact on the Company’s overall profitability.
The Company’s products depend on the availability of raw materials, especially leather and
rubber. Any significant shortages of quantities or increases in the cost of leather or rubber could have
a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations.
Additional risks associated with foreign sourcing that could negatively impact the Company’s
business include adverse changes in foreign economic conditions, import regulations, restrictions on
the transfer of funds, duties, tariffs, quotas and political or labor interruptions, foreign currency
fluctuations, expropriation and nationalization.
The Company conducts business globally, which exposes it to the impact of foreign currency
fluctuations as well as political and economic risks.
A portion of the Company’s revenues and expenses are denominated in currencies other than
the U.S. dollar. The Company is therefore subject to foreign currency risks and foreign exchange
exposure. The Company’s primary exposures are to the Australian dollar and the Canadian dollar.
Exchange rates can be volatile and could adversely impact the Company’s financial results.
The Company is exposed to risks of doing business in foreign jurisdictions and risks relating to
U.S. policy with respect to companies doing business in foreign jurisdictions. Legislation or other
changes in the U.S. tax laws could increase the Company’s U.S. income tax liability and adversely
affect the Company’s after-tax profitability. In addition, the results of the recent U.S. election have
introduced greater uncertainty with respect to future tax and trade regulations. Changes in tax policy
or trade regulations, such as the disallowance of tax deductions on imported merchandise or the
imposition of new tariffs on imported products, could have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s business and results of operations.
The Company operates in a highly competitive environment, which may result in lower prices
and reduce its profits.
The footwear market is extremely competitive. The Company competes with manufacturers,
distributors and retailers of men’s, women’s and children’s shoes, certain of which are larger and
have substantially greater resources than the Company. The Company competes with these
5