Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 1: Overview and Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies (Continued)
In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued guidance which amends the existing
accounting standards for the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash ﬂows. HP is
required to adopt the guidance in the ﬁrst quarter of fiscal year 2019. Earlier adoption is permitted. HP is currently evaluating
the impact of this guidance on its Consolidated Financial Statements.
In June 2016, the FASB issued guidance which requires credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost basis
to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected, not based on incurred losses. Further, credit losses on available-for-
sale debt securities should be recorded through an allowance for credit losses limited to the amount by which fair value is below
amortized cost. HP is required to adopt the guidance in the first quarter of fiscal year 2021. Earlier adoption is permitted. HP is
currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its Consolidated Financial Statements.
In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance which amends the existing accounting standards for share-based payments. The
amendment changes the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification
of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statements of cash ﬂows. HP is required to adopt the guidance
in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. Earlier adoption is permitted. HP has elected to early adopt the amendment in the first
quarter of fiscal year 2017. HP expects that the implementation of this guidance will not have a material effect on its
Consolidated Financial Statements.
In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance which amends the existing accounting standards for leases. Consistent with
current guidance, the recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash ﬂows arising from a lease by a lessee
primarily will depend on its classification. Under the new guidance, a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities
for all leases with lease terms of more than twelve months. HP is required to adopt the guidance in the first quarter of fiscal year
2020 using a modified retrospective approach. Earlier adoption is permitted. HP is currently evaluating the timing and the
impact of this guidance on its Consolidated Financial Statements.
In January 2016, the FASB issued guidance which amends the existing accounting standards for the recognition and
measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities. The updated guidance primarily addresses certain aspects of
recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. HP is required to adopt the guidance in the first
quarter of fiscal year 2019. The amendments should be applied by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet
as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption, with other amendments related specifically to equity securities without readily
determinable fair values applied prospectively. HP is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on its
Consolidated Financial Statements.
In May 2015, the FASB issued guidance which amends the existing disclosures for investments in certain entities that
calculate net asset value per share (or its equivalent). This amendment removes the requirement to categorize within the fair
value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. The
amendment also removes the requirement to make certain disclosures for all investments that are eligible to be measured at fair
value using the net asset value per share practical expedient. HP is required to adopt the guidance in the first quarter of fiscal
year 2017. Earlier adoption is permitted. HP will adopt the amendment in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. HP expects that
the implementation of this guidance will impact the disclosures on its notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements but will
not have an eﬁect on its Consolidated Balance Sheets or Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
In April 2015, the FASB amended the existing accounting standards for intangible assets. The amendments provide
explicit guidance to customers in determining the accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement, wherein the
arrangements that do not convey a software license to the customer are accounted for as service contracts. HP is required to
adopt the guidance in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, however earlier adoption is permitted. The amendment may be
adopted either prospectively to all arrangements entered into or materially modified after the eﬁective date or retrospectively.
HP will adopt the amendments prospectively in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. HP expects that the implementation of this
guidance will not have a material effect on its Consolidated Financial Statements.
In April 2015, the FASB amended the existing accounting standards for the presentation of debt issuance costs. The
amendments require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented on the balance sheet as a direct
deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement
guidance for debt issuance costs are not aﬁected by these amendments. HP is required to adopt the guidance in the ﬁrst quarter
of fiscal year 2017. Earlier adoption is permitted. The amendments should be applied retrospectively with the adjusted balance
62