Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 15: Litigation and Contingencies (Continued)
HP India filed appeals of the Commissioner’s orders before the Customs Tribunal along with applications for waiver of
the pre-deposit of remaining demand amounts as a condition for hearing the appeals. The Customs Department has also filed
cross-appeals before the Customs Tribunal. On January 24, 2013, the Customs Tribunal ordered HP India to deposit an
additional $24 million against the products order, which HP India deposited in March 2013. The Customs Tribunal did not order
any additional deposit to be made under the parts order. In December 2013, HP India filed applications before the Customs
Tribunal seeking early hearing of the appeals as well as an extension of the stay of deposit as to HP India and the individuals
already granted until final disposition of the appeals. On February 7, 2014, the application for extension of the stay of deposit
was granted by the Customs Tribunal until disposal of the appeals. On October 27, 2014, the Customs Tribunal commenced
hearings on the cross-appeals of the Commissioner’s orders. The Customs Tribunal rejected HP India’s request to remand the
matter to the Commissioner on procedural grounds. The hearings scheduled to reconvene on April 6, 2015 and again on
November 3, 2015 and April 11, 2016 were cancelled at the request of the Customs Tribunal. Pursuant to the separation and
distribution agreement, Hewlett Packard Enterprise has agreed to indemnify HP in part, based on the extent to which any
liability arises from the products and spare parts of Hewlett Packard Enterprise’s businesses.
Russia GPO and Other Anti-Corruption Investigations. The German Public Prosecutor ’5 Office (“German PPO”) has
been conducting an investigation into allegations that current and former employees of HP engaged in bribery, embezzlement
and tax evasion relating to a transaction between Hewlett-Packard ISE GmbH in Germany, a former subsidiary of HP, and the
General Prosecutor’s Office of the Russian Federation. The approximately $35 million transaction, which was referred to as the
Russia GPO deal, spanned the years 2001 to 2006 and was for the delivery and installation of an IT network. The German PPO
issued an indictment of four individuals, including one current and two former HP employees, on charges including bribery,
breach of trust and tax evasion. The German PPO also requested that HP be made an associated party to the case, and, if that
request is granted, HP would participate in any portion of the court proceedings that could ultimately bear on the question of
whether HP should be subject to potential disgorgement of profits based on the conduct of the indicted current and former
employees. The Regional Court of Leipzig will determine whether the matter should be admitted to trial. The Polish Central
Anti-Corruption Bureau is also investigating potential corrupt actions by a former employee of Hewlett-Packard Polska Sp. z
0.0., a former indirect subsidiary of HP, in connection with certain public-sector transactions in Poland. Criminal proceedings
are pending before the Regional Court in Warsaw against a number of individuals, including the former employee of Hewlett—
Packard Polska Sp. Z 0.0, on charges of bribery and bid-rigging. HP is cooperating with these investigating agencies.
Cement & Concrete Workers District Council Pension Fund v. Hewlett-Packard Company et al. is a putative securities
class action filed on August 3, 2012 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California alleging, among
other things, that from November 13, 2007 to August 6, 2010 the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange
Act by making statements regarding HP’s Standards of Business Conduct (“SBC”) that were false and misleading because
Mr. Hurd, who was serving as HP’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer during that period, had been violating the SBC and
concealing his misbehavior in a manner that jeopardized his continued employment with HP. On February 7, 2013, the
defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint. On August 9, 2013, the court granted the defendants’ motion to dismiss
with leave to amend the complaint by September 9, 2013. The plaintiff filed an amended complaint on September 9, 2013, and
the defendants moved to dismiss that complaint on October 24, 2013. On June 25, 2014, the court issued an order granting the
defendants” motions to dismiss and on July 25, 2014, plaintiff filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. On November 4, 2014, the plaintiﬁ-appellant filed its opening brief in the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. HP filed its answering brief on January 16, 2015 and the plaintiff-appellant’s reply brief was filed on
March 2, 2015. The appellate court heard oral argument on July 7, 2016.
Class Actions re Authentication QfSqulies
Four purported consumer class actions have been filed against HP, arising out of the supplies authentication protocol in
certain OfficeJet printers. This authentication protocol rejects some third-party ink cartridges that use non-HP security chips.
On September 23, 2016, Bayse V. HP, Inc. was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Alabama alleging claims for injunctive relief, negligence and/or wantonness, breach of warranty, and violations of the Sherman
Act - 15 U.S.C. § 1, et seq. Plaintiffs seek to certify a class of all persons in the United States who purchased and/or otherwise
owned a printer manufactured and/or sold by HP in the OfficeJet, OfficeJet Pro and/or OfficeJet Pro X line of printers, any time
between September 18, 2009 and September 18, 2016.
114