Table of contents
not rely on recent or historical trends to predict future stock prices, financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
Additional volatility in the price of our securities could result in the filing of securities class action litigation matters, which
could result in substantial costs and the diversion of management time and resources.
Failure to maintain our credit ratings could adversely ajfect our liquidity, capital position, borrowing costs and access to
capital markets.
Our credit risk is evaluated by the major independent rating agencies. Fitch Ratings, Moody’s Investor Service and
Standard & Poor ’s Rating Services downgraded Hewlett-Packard Company’s ratings in the past. Past downgrades have
increased the cost of borrowing under our credit facilities, have reduced market capacity for our commercial paper, and may
require the posting of additional collateral under some of our derivative contracts. We cannot be assured that we will be able to
maintain our current credit ratings, and any additional actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings,
including any announcement that our ratings are under further review for a downgrade, may further impact us in a similar
manner and may have a negative impact on our liquidity, capital position and access to capital markets.
We make estimates and assumptions in connection with the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements, and any
changes to those estimates and assumptions could adversely affect our results of operations.
In connection with the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements, we use certain estimates and assumptions
based on historical experience and other factors. Our most critical accounting estimates are described in the section entitled
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 of this report. In addition,
as discussed in Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we make certain estimates, including decisions related to
provisions for legal proceedings and other contingencies. While we believe that these estimates and assumptions are reasonable
under the circumstances, they are subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Should any of
these estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could adversely aﬁect our results of operations.
Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities
could affect our financial performance.
We are subject to income and other taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Our tax liabilities are
affected by the amounts we charge in intercompany transactions for inventory, services, licenses, funding and other items. We
are subject to ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions. Tax authorities may disagree with these intercompany transactions or
other matters, and may assess additional taxes or adjust taxable income on our tax returns as a result. We regularly assess the
likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. However, we cannot assure you
that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of audits could be
materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax expense and therefore could have a material
impact on our tax provision, net income and cash ﬂows. In addition, our eﬁective tax rate in the future could be adversely
affected by changes to our operating structure, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with diﬁering statutory tax rates,
changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws. In particular, if circumstances change such
that we are unable to indefinitely reinvest our foreign earnings outside the United States, future income tax expense may diﬁer
significantly from historical amounts and could materially adversely affect our results. In addition, various tax legislation has
been introduced or is being considered that could significantly impact our tax rate, the carrying value of deferred tax assets, or
our deferred tax liabilities. Any of these changes could affect our financial performance.
In order to be successful, we must attract, retain, train, motivate, develop and transition key employees, and failure to do so
could seriously harm as.
In order to be successful, we must attract, retain, train, motivate, develop and transition qualified executives and other
key employees, including those in managerial, technical, development, sales, marketing and IT support positions. Identifying,
developing internally or hiring externally, training and retaining qualified executives, engineers and qualified sales
representatives are critical to our future, and competition for experienced employees in the IT industry can be intense. In order
to attract and retain executives and other key employees in a competitive marketplace, we must provide a competitive
compensation package, including cash— and equity-based compensation. Our equity-based incentive awards may contain
conditions relating to our stock price performance and our long-term financial performance that make the future value of those
awards uncertain. If the anticipated value of such equity-based incentive awards does not materialize, if our equity-based
compensation otherwise ceases to be viewed as a valuable benefit, if our total compensation package is not viewed as being
competitive, or if we do not obtain the stockholder approval needed to continue granting equity-based incentive awards in the
amounts we believe are necessary, our ability to attract, retain and motivate executives and key employees could be weakened.
Our failure to successfully hire executives and key employees or the loss of any executives and key employees could have a
signiﬁcant impact on our operations. Further, changes in our management team may be disruptive to our business, and any
23