HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)
term return on plan assets. The discount rate assumption is based on current investment yields of high-quality fixed-income
securities with maturities similar to the expected benefits payment period. Mortality rates help predict the expected life of plan
participants and are based on a historical demographic study of the plan. The expected increase in the compensation levels
assumption reﬂects our long-term actual experience and future expectations. The expected long-term return on plan assets is
determined based on asset allocations, historical portfolio results, historical asset correlations and management’s expected
returns for each asset class. We evaluate our expected return assumptions annually including reviewing current capital market
assumptions to assess the reasonableness of the expected long-term return on plan assets. We update the expected long-term
return on assets when we observe a sufficient level of evidence that would suggest the long-term expected return has changed.
In any fiscal year, significant differences may arise between the actual return and the expected long-term return on plan assets.
Historically, differences between the actual return and expected long-term return on plan assets have resulted from changes in
target or actual asset allocation, short-term performance relative to expected long-term performance, and to a lesser extent,
differences between target and actual investment allocations, the timing of benefit payments compared to expectations, and the
use of derivatives intended to effect asset allocation changes or hedge certain investment or liability exposures. For the
recognition of net periodic beneﬁt cost, the calculation of the expected long-term return on plan assets uses the fair value of
plan assets as of the beginning of the fiscal year unless updated as a result of interim remeasurement.
Our major assumptions vary by plan, and the weighted-average rates used are set forth in Note 5, “Retirement and Post-
Retirement Benefit Plans” to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. The
following table provides the impact a change of 25 basis points in each of the weighted-average assumptions of the discount
rate, expected increase in compensation levels and expected long-term return on plan assets would have had on our net periodic
benefit cost for fiscal year 2016:
Change in Net Periodic
Beneﬁt Cost
in millions
I Assumptions: ‘
Discount rate $ 9
I Expected increase in compensation levels 3; 2 ‘
Expected long-term return on plan assets 3; 31
Taxes on Earnings
We calculate our current and deferred tax provisions based on estimates and assumptions that could differ from the final
positions reﬂected in our income tax returns. We adjust our current and deferred tax provisions based on income tax returns
which are generally filed in the third or fourth quarters of the subsequent fiscal year.
We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected tax consequences of temporary diﬁerences between the
tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which we expect the
differences to reverse.
We record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that we are more likely than not to realize. In
determining the need for a valuation allowance, we consider future market growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income,
the mix of earnings in the jurisdictions in which we operate and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. In the event we
were to determine that it is more likely than not that we will be unable to realize all or part of our deferred tax assets in the
future, we would increase the valuation allowance and recognize a corresponding charge to earnings or other comprehensive
income in the period in which we make such a determination. Likewise, if we later determine that we are more likely than not
to realize the deferred tax assets, we would reverse the applicable portion of the previously recognized valuation allowance. In
order for us to realize our deferred tax assets, we must be able to generate sufficient taxable income in the jurisdictions in which
the deferred tax assets are located.
Our effective tax rate includes the impact of certain undistributed foreign earnings for which we have not provided United
States federal taxes because we plan to reinvest such earnings indefinitely outside the United States. We plan distributions of
foreign earnings based on projected cash ﬂow needs as well as the working capital and long-term investment requirements of
our foreign subsidiaries and our domestic operations. Based on these assumptions, we estimate the amount we expect to
indefinitely invest outside the United States and the amounts we expect to distribute to the United States and provide the United
35