Table of contents
in the anticipated timing of activities related to our efforts to address these challenges and higher than expected or unanticipated
execution costs. In addition, we are vulnerable to increased risks associated with our eﬁorts to address these challenges given
the markets in which we compete, the broad range of geographic regions in which we and our customers and partners operate,
and the ongoing integration of acquired businesses. If we do not succeed in these efforts, or if these efforts are more costly or
time-consuming than expected, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected, which could limit our ability
to invest in and grow our business.
We operate in an intensely competitive industry and competitive pressures could harm our business and ﬁnancial
performance.
We encounter aggressive competition from numerous and varied competitors in all areas of our business, and our
competitors have targeted and are expected to continue targeting our key market segments. We compete on the basis of our
technology, innovation, performance, price, quality, reliability, brand, reputation, distribution, range of products and services,
ease of use of our products, account relationships, customer training, service and support and security. If our products, services,
support and cost structure do not enable us to compete successfully, our results of operations and business prospects could be
harmed.
We have a large portfolio of products and must allocate our financial, personnel and other resources across all of our
products while competing with companies that have smaller portfolios or specialize in one or more of our product lines. As a
result, we may invest less in certain areas of our business than our competitors do, and our competitors may have greater
ﬁnancial, technical and marketing resources available to them compared to the resources allocated to our products and services
that compete against their products.
Companies with whom we have alliances in certain areas may be or may become our competitors in other areas. In
addition, companies with whom we have alliances also may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, which could reduce
their business with us. If we are unable to eﬁectively manage these complicated relationships with alliance partners, our
business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
We face aggressive price competition and may have to continue lowering the prices of many of our products and services
to stay competitive, while at the same time trying to maintain or improve our revenue and gross margin. In addition,
competitors who have a greater presence in some of the lower-cost markets in which we compete, or who can obtain better
pricing, more favorable contractual terms and conditions, or more favorable allocations of products and components during
periods of limited supply, may be able to offer lower prices than we are able to offer. Our cash ﬂows, results of operations and
ﬁnancial condition may be adversely affected by these and other industry-wide pricing pressures.
Industry consolidation may also affect competition by creating larger, more homogeneous and potentially stronger
competitors in the markets in which we operate. Additionally, our competitors may affect our business by entering into
exclusive arrangements with our existing or potential customers or suppliers.
Because our business model is based on providing innovative and high-quality products, we may spend a proportionately
greater amount of our revenues on research and development than some of our competitors. If we cannot proportionately
decrease our cost structure (apart from research and development expenses) on a timely basis in response to competitive price
pressures, our gross margin and, therefore, our profitability could be adversely affected. In addition, if our pricing and other
facets of our offerings are not sufficiently competitive, or if there is an adverse reaction to our product decisions, we may lose
market share in certain areas, which could adversely affect our financial performance and business prospects.
Even if we are able to maintain or increase market share for a particular product, its financial performance could decline
because the product is in a maturing industry or market segment or contains technology that is becoming obsolete. Financial
performance could decline due to increased competition from other types of products. For example, growing demand for an
increasing array of mobile computing devices has reduced demand for some of our existing hardware products. In addition,
refill and remanufactured alternatives for some of our LaserJet toner and inkj et cartridges compete with our printing supplies
business.
If we cannot successfully execute our go-to-market strategy and continue to develop, manufacture and market innovative
products and services, our business and ﬁnancial performance may suffer.
Our strategy is focused on leveraging our existing portfolio of products and services to meet the demands of a continually
changing technological landscape and to offset certain areas of industry decline. To successfully execute this strategy, we must
emphasize the aspects of our core business where demand remains strong, identify and capitalize on natural areas of growth,
and innovate and develop new products and services that will enable us to expand beyond our existing technology categories.
Any failure to successfully execute this strategy, including any failure to invest sufficiently in strategic growth areas, could
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
12