Table of contents
Integrity. We are committed to acting with integrity, fairness, and accountability, which we believe are fundamental to an
inclusive society and a thriving business. We also expect ethical behavior by our employees, partners and suppliers, and we
have structures, programs, and processes in place to safeguard human rights across our value chain.
Goals. Our current long-term sustainability goals are:
- Commit to 100% renewable electricity in our global operations with 40% by 2020;
- Achieve zero deforestation associated with HP brand paper and paper-based product packaging (which is the box that
comes with the product and all paper inside the box) by 2020; and
- Reduce the greenhouse gas emissions intensity of HP’s product portfolio (which refers to tonnes COze/net revenue
arising from the use of more than 95% of HP product units shipped each year) by 25% by 2020, compared to 2010.
For more information on our sustainability goals, programs, and performance, we refer you to our annual sustainability
report, available on our website (which is not incorporated by reference herein).
Environment
Our operations are subject to regulation under various federal, state, local and foreign laws concerning the environment,
including laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous
substances and wastes, and the cleanup of contaminated sites. We could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines
and civil or criminal sanctions, and third-party damage or personal injury claims, if we were to violate or become liable under
environmental laws.
Many of our products are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws governing chemical substances in
products and their safe use, including laws regulating the manufacture and distribution of chemical substances and laws
restricting the presence of certain substances in electronics products. Most of our products also are subject to requirements
applicable to their energy consumption. In addition, we face increasing complexity in our product design and procurement
operations as we adjust to new and future requirements relating to the chemical and materials composition of our products, and
their safe use.
We proactively evaluate and at times replace materials in our products and supply chain, taking into account published
lists of substances of concern, new and upcoming legal requirements, customer preferences and scientific analysis that indicates
a potential impact to human health or the environment.
We are also subject to legislation in an increasing number of jurisdictions that makes producers of electrical goods,
including computers and printers, financially responsible for specified collection, recycling, treatment and disposal of past and
future covered products (sometimes referred to as “product take-back legislation”). We intend for our products to be easily
reused and re-cycled, and we provide many of our customers with reuse and recycling programs.
In the event our products become non-compliant with these laws, our products could be restricted from entering certain
jurisdictions and we could face other sanctions, including fines.
Our operations, and ultimately our products, are expected to become increasingly subject to federal, state, local and
foreign laws, regulations and international treaties relating to climate change. We strive to continually improve the energy
efficiency of our product portfolio and deliver more cost-effective and less greenhouse gas—intensive technology solutions to
our customers. As these and other new laws, regulations, treaties and similar initiatives and programs are adopted and
implemented throughout the world, we will be required to comply or potentially face market access limitations or other
sanctions, including fines. However, we believe that technology will be fundamental to finding solutions to achieve compliance
with and manage those requirements, and we are collaborating with industry, business groups and governments to find and
promote ways that HP technology can be used to address climate change and to facilitate compliance with related laws,
regulations and treaties.
We are committed to maintaining compliance with all environmental laws applicable to our operations, products and
services and to reducing our environmental impact across all aspects of our business. We meet this commitment with our
sustainability policy, our comprehensive environmental, health and safety policy, strict environmental management of our
operations and worldwide environmental programs and services.
A liability for environmental remediation and other environmental costs is accrued when we consider it probable that a
liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Environmental costs and accruals are presently
not material to our operations, cash ﬂows or financial position. Although there is no assurance that existing or future
environmental laws applicable to our operations or products will not have a material adverse effect on our operations, cash
ﬂows or financial condition, we do not currently anticipate material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities.
9