HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)
units exceeded their respective carrying values. As a result, we concluded that the first step of the goodwill impairment test was
not necessary.
Fair Value of Derivative Instruments
We use derivative instruments to manage a variety of risks, including risks related to foreign currency exchange rates and
interest rates. We use forwards, swaps and at times, options to hedge certain foreign currency and interest rate exposures. We do
not use derivative instruments for speculative purposes. As of October 31, 2016, the gross notional value of our derivative
portfolio was $17.9 billion. Assets and liabilities related to derivative instruments are measured at fair value, and were $325
million and $97 million, respectively as of October 31, 2016.
Fair value is the price we would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. In the absence of active markets for the identical assets or liabilities, such
measurements involve developing assumptions based on market observable data and, in the absence of such data, internal
information that is consistent with what market participants would use in a hypothetical transaction that occurs at the
measurement date. The determination of fair value often involves significant judgments about assumptions such as determining
an appropriate discount rate that factors in both risk and liquidity premiums, identifying the similarities and diﬁerences in
market transactions, weighting those differences accordingly and then making the appropriate adjustments to those market
transactions to reﬂect the risks specific to the asset or liability being valued. We generally use industry standard valuation
models to measure the fair value of our derivative positions. When prices in active markets are not available for the identical
asset or liability, we use industry standard valuation models to measure fair value. Where applicable, these models project
future cash ﬂows and discount the future amounts to present value using market-based observable inputs, including interest rate
curves, HP and counterparty credit risk, foreign currency exchange rates, and forward and spot prices.
For a further discussion on fair value measurements and derivative instruments, refer to Note 10, “Fair Value” and
Note 11, “Financial Instruments”, respectively, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which are incorporated
herein by reference.
Loss Contingencies
We are involved in various lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings including those consisting of intellectual
property (“1P”), commercial, securities, employment, employee beneﬁts and environmental matters that arise in the ordinary
course of business. We record a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the
amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required to determine both the probability of having
incurred a liability and the estimated amount of the liability. We review these matters at least quarterly and adjust these
liabilities to reﬂect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel and other updated information and
events, pertaining to a particular case. Pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement, we share responsibility with
Hewlett Packard Enterprise for certain matters, as discussed in Note 15, “Litigation and Contingencies” to the Consolidated
Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference, and Hewlett Packard Enterprise has agreed to
indemnify us in whole or in part with respect to certain matters. Based on our experience, we believe that any damage amounts
claimed in the specific litigation and contingencies matters further discussed in Note 15, “Litigation and Contingencies”, are not
a meaningful indicator of HP’s potential liability. Litigation is inherently unpredictable. However, we believe we have valid
defenses with respect to legal matters pending against us. Nevertheless, cash ﬂows or results of operations could be materially
affected in any particular period by the resolution of one or more of these contingencies. We believe we have recorded adequate
provisions for any such matters and, as of October 31, 2016, it was not reasonably possible that a material loss had been
incurred in excess of the amounts recognized in our financial statements.
RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
For a summary of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our consolidated financial statements see Note 1,
“Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is
incorporated herein by reference.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
37