Table of contents
- persuading employees that business cultures are compatible, maintaining employee morale and retaining key
employees, engaging with employee works councils representing an acquired company’s non-US. employees,
integrating employees, correctly estimating employee beneﬁt costs and implementing restructuring programs;
° coordinating and combining administrative, manufacturing, research and development and other operations,
subsidiaries, facilities and relationships with third-parties in accordance with local laws and other obligations
while maintaining adequate standards, controls and procedures;
- achieving savings from supply chain integration; and
- managing integration issues shortly after or pending the completion of other independent transactions.
We may not achieve some or all of the expected beneﬁts of our restructuring plan and our restructuring may adversely
affect our business.
We announced a restructuring plan in October 2016 to realign our cost structure due to the changing nature of our
business and to achieve operating eﬁiciencies that we expect to reduce costs. Implementation of the restructuring plan may be
costly and disruptive to our business, and we may not be able to obtain the cost savings and benefits that were initially
anticipated in connection with our restructuring. Additionally, as a result of our restructuring, we may experience a loss of
continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge and/or inefficiency during transitional periods. Reorganization and restructuring can
require a significant amount of management and other employees” time and focus, which may divert attention from operating
and growing our business. If we fail to achieve some or all of the expected beneﬁts of restructuring, it could have a material
adverse eﬁect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash ﬂows. For more
information about our October 2016 restructuring plan, see Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8.
Our financial performance may suffer if we cannot continue to develop, license or enforce the intellectual property rights
on which our businesses depend
We rely upon patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property laws in the United States, similar
laws in other countries, and agreements with our employees, customers, suppliers and other parties, to establish and maintain
intellectual property (“IP”) rights in the products and services we sell, provide or otherwise use in our operations. However, any
of our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated, infringed or circumvented, or such intellectual property
rights may not be sufficient to permit us to take advantage of current market trends or to otherwise provide competitive
advantages, either of which could result in costly product redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product offerings or other
harm to our competitive position. For example, our enforcement of inkjet printer supplies IP against infringers may be
successfully challenged or our IP may be successfully circumvented. Further, the laws of certain countries do not protect
proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions we may be unable to
protect our proprietary technology adequately against unauthorized third-party copying or use; this, too, could adversely aﬁect
our ability to sell products or services and our competitive position.
Our products and services depend in part on intellectual property and technology licensed from third parties.
Some of our business and some of our products rely on key technologies developed or licensed by third parties. We may
not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses and technologies from these third parties at all or on reasonable terms, or
such third parties may demand cross—licenses to our intellectual property. Third-party components may become obsolete,
defective or incompatible with future versions of our products, or our relationship with the third party may deteriorate, or our
agreements with the third party may expire or be terminated. We may face legal or business disputes with licensors that may
threaten or lead to the disruption of inbound licensing relationships. In order to remain in compliance with the terms of our
licenses, we must carefully monitor and manage our use of third-party components, including both proprietary and open source
license terms that may require the licensing or public disclosure of our intellectual property without compensation or on
undesirable terms. Additionally, some of these licenses may not be available to us in the future on terms that are acceptable or
that allow our product oﬂerings to remain competitive. Our inability to obtain licenses or rights on favorable terms could have
a material effect on our business, including our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, it is possible that as a
consequence of a merger or acquisition, third parties may obtain licenses to some of our intellectual property rights or our
business may be subject to certain restrictions that were not in place prior to such transaction. Because the availability and cost
of licenses from third parties depends upon the willingness of third parties to deal with us on the terms we request, there is a
risk that third parties who license to our competitors will either refuse to license to us at all, or refuse to license to us on terms
equally favorable to those granted to our competitors. Consequently, we may lose a competitive advantage with respect to these
intellectual property rights or we may be required to enter into costly arrangements in order to terminate or limit these rights.
20