HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)
timing of the United Kingdom’s exit are clearer. Until that time, we may face various Brexit—related challenges that may
include uncertainty in the markets, volatility in exchange rates and weaker macroeconomic conditions.
To address these challenges, we continue to pursue innovation with a View towards developing new products and services
aligned with generating market demand and meeting the needs of our customers and partners. In addition, we need to continue
to improve our operations, with a particular focus on enhancing our end-to-end processes and efficiencies. We also need to
continue to optimize our sales coverage models, align our sales incentives with our strategic goals, improve channel execution,
strengthen our capabilities in our areas of strategic focus, and develop and capitalize on market opportunities.
For a further discussion of trends, uncertainties and other factors that could impact our continuing operating results, see
the section entitled “Risk Factors” in Item 1A in this Annual Report on Form lO-K.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
General
The Consolidated Financial Statements of HP are prepared in accordance with United States (“US”) generally accepted
accounting principles (“GAAP”), which require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that aﬁect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net revenue and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Management bases
its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying amount of assets and liabilities that
are not readily apparent from other sources. Management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of these
estimates with the Audit Committee of HP’s Board of Directors. Management believes that the accounting estimates employed
and the resulting amounts are reasonable, however, actual results may differ from these estimates. Making estimates and
judgments about future events is inherently unpredictable and is subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond
our control. Should any of these estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material
impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash ﬂows.
A summary of significant accounting policies is included in Note 1, “Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies” to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. An accounting policy is
deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly
uncertain at the time the estimate is made, if diﬁerent estimates reasonably could have been used, or if changes in the estimate
that are reasonably possible could materially impact the financial statements. Management believes the following critical
accounting policies reﬂect the significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial
Statements.
Revenue Recognition
We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services are rendered,
the sales price or fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured, as well as when other revenue recognition
principles are met, including industry-specific revenue recognition guidance.
We enter into contracts to sell our products and services, and while many of our sales agreements contain standard terms
and conditions, there are agreements we enter into which contain non-standard terms and conditions. Further, many of our
arrangements include multiple elements. As a result, significant contract interpretation may be required to determine the
appropriate accounting, including the identification of deliverables considered to be separate units of accounting, the allocation
of the transaction price among elements in the arrangement and the timing of revenue recognition for each of those elements.
We recognize revenue for delivered elements as separate units of accounting when the delivered elements have standalone
value to the customer. For elements with no standalone value, we recognize revenue consistent with the pattern of the delivery
of the final deliverable. If the arrangement includes a customer-negotiated refund or return right or other contingency relative to
the delivered items and the delivery and performance of the undelivered items is considered probable and substantially within
our control, the delivered element constitutes a separate unit of accounting. In arrangements with combined units of accounting,
changes in the allocation of the transaction price among elements may impact the timing of revenue recognition for the contract
but will not change the total revenue recognized for the contract.
33