Table of contents
° We may borrow to finance business combination and investment transactions, and the amount and terms of any
potential future acquisition-related or other borrowings, as well as other factors, could aﬁect our liquidity and
financial condition.
° Our effective tax rate on an ongoing basis is uncertain, and business combination and investment transactions
could adversely impact our effective tax rate.
- Any announced business combination and investment transaction may not close on the expected timeframe or at
all, which may cause our financial results to diﬁer from expectations in a given quarter.
- Business combination and investment transactions may lead to litigation, which could impact our financial
condition and results of operations.
- If we fail to identify and successfully complete and integrate business combination and investment transactions
that further our strategic objectives, we may be required to expend resources to develop products, services and
technology internally, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage.
We have incurred and will incur additional depreciation and amortization expense over the useful lives of certain assets
acquired in connection with business combination and investment transactions, and, to the extent that the value of goodwill or
intangible assets acquired in connection with a business combination and investment transaction becomes impaired, we may be
required to incur additional material charges relating to the impairment of those assets. If there are future decreases in our stock
price or significant changes in the business climate or results of operations of our reporting units, we may incur additional
charges, which may include goodwill impairment or intangible asset charges.
As part of our business strategy, we regularly evaluate the potential disposition of assets and businesses that may no
longer help us meet our objectives. When we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers
or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay the achievement of our strategic
objectives. We may also dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less desirable than we had anticipated. In addition,
we may experience greater dis-synergies than expected, and the impact of the divestiture on our revenue growth may be larger
than projected. After reaching an agreement with a buyer or seller for the acquisition or disposition of a business, we are subject
to satisfaction of pre-closing conditions as well as necessary regulatory and governmental approvals on acceptable terms,
which, if not satisfied or obtained, may prevent us from completing the transaction. Such regulatory and governmental
approvals may be required in diverse jurisdictions around the world, including jurisdictions with opaque regulatory
frameworks, and any delays in the timing of such approvals could materially delay the transaction or prevent it from closing.
For example, our acquisition of Samsung’s printer business is subject to regulatory review in numerous jurisdictions, including
South Korea and the European Union, as well as customary closing conditions. Dispositions may also involve continued
ﬁnancial involvement in the divested business, such as through continuing equity ownership, guarantees, indemnities or other
ﬁnancial obligations. Under these arrangements, performance by the divested businesses or other conditions outside of our
control could affect our future financial results.
Integrating acquisitions may be difficult and time-consuming. Any failure by us to integrate acquired companies, products
or services into our overall business in a timely manner could harm our ﬁnancial results, business and prospects.
In order to pursue our strategy successfully, we must identify candidates for and successfully complete business
combination and investment transactions, some of which may be large or complex, and manage post-closing issues such as the
integration of acquired businesses, products, services or employees. Integration issues are often time-consuming and expensive
and, without proper planning and implementation, could significantly disrupt our business and the acquired business. The
challenges involved in integration include:
° successfully combining product and service offerings and entering or expanding into markets in which we are not
experienced or are developing expertise;
- convincing both our customers and distributors and those of the acquired business that the transaction will not
diminish client service standards or business focus;
- persuading both our customers and distributors and those of the acquired business not to defer purchasing
decisions or switch to other suppliers (which could result in our incurring additional obligations in order to
address customer uncertainty), minimizing sales force attrition and expanding and coordinating sales, marketing
and distribution efforts;
- consolidating and rationalizing corporate IT infrastructure, which may include multiple legacy systems from
various acquisitions and integrating software code and business processes;
- minimizing the diversion of management attention from ongoing business concerns;
19