Table of contents
° Component shortages. We may experience a shortage of, or a delay in receiving, certain components as a result
of strong demand, capacity constraints, supplier financial weaknesses, the inability of suppliers to borrow funds in
the credit markets, disputes with suppliers (some of whom are also our customers), disruptions in the operations
of component suppliers, other problems experienced by suppliers or problems faced during the transition to new
suppliers. For example, our PC business relies heavily upon OMS to manufacture its products and is therefore
dependent upon the continuing operations of those OMS to fulfill demand for our PC products. We represent a
substantial portion of the business of some of these OMS, and any changes to the nature or volume of our business
transactions with a particular OM could adversely affect the operations and financial condition of the OM and
lead to shortages or delays in receiving products from that OM. If shortages or delays persist, the price of certain
components may increase, we may be exposed to quality issues or the components may not be available at all. We
may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build products or
provide services in a timely manner in the quantities needed or according to our specifications. Accordingly, our
business and financial performance could suffer if we lose time-sensitive saleS, incur additional freight costs or
are unable to pass on price increases to our customers. If we cannot adequately address supply issues, we might
have to reengineer some product or service oﬁerings, which could result in further costs and delays.
- Excess supply. In order to secure components for our products or services, at times we may make advance
payments to suppliers or enter into non-cancelable commitments with vendors. In addition, we may purchase
components strategically in advance of demand to take advantage of favorable pricing or to address concerns
about the availability of future components. If we fail to anticipate customer demand properly, a temporary
oversupply could result in excess or obsolete components, which could adversely affect our business and financial
performance.
° Contractual terms. AS a result of binding long-term price or purchase commitments with vendors, we may be
obligated to purchase components or services at prices that are higher than those available in the current market
and be limited in our ability to respond to changing market conditions. If we commit to purchasing components or
services for prices in excess of the then-current market price, we may be at a disadvantage to competitors who
have access to components or services at lower prices, our gross margin could suffer, and we could incur
additional charges relating to inventory obsolescence. In addition, many of our competitors obtain products or
components from the same OMS and suppliers that we utilize. Our competitors may obtain better pricing, more
favorable contractual terms and conditions, and more favorable allocations of products and components during
periods of limited supply, and our ability to engage in relationships with certain OMS and suppliers could be
limited. The practice employed by our PC business of purchasing product components and transferring those
components to its OMS may create large supplier receivables with the OMs that, depending on the financial
condition of the OMS, may create collectability risks. In addition, certain of our OMs and suppliers may decide to
discontinue conducting business with us. Any of these developments could adversely affect our future results of
operations and financial condition.
° Contingent workers. We also rely on third-party suppliers for the provision of contingent workers, and our failure
to manage our use of such workers effectively could adversely affect our results of operations. We have been
exposed to various legal claims relating to the status of contingent workers in the past and could face similar
claims in the future. We may be subject to Shortages, oversupply or fixed contractual terms relating to contingent
workers. Our ability to manage the Size of, and costs associated with, the contingent workforce may be subject to
additional constraints imposed by local laws.
- Single-source suppliers. We obtain a Significant number of components from Single sources due to technology,
availability, price, quality or other considerations. For example, we rely on Canon for certain laser printer engines
and laser toner cartridges. We also rely on Intel to provide us with a sufficient supply of processors for many of
our PCS and workstations, and we rely on AMD to provide us with a sufficient supply of processors for other
products. Some of those processors are customized for our products. New products that we introduce may utilize
custom components obtained from only one source initially until we have evaluated whether there iS a need for
additional suppliers. Replacing a single-source supplier could delay production of some products as replacement
suppliers may be subject to capacity constraints or other output limitations. For some components, such as
customized components and some of the processors that we obtain from Intel, or the laser printer engines and
toner cartridges that we obtain from Canon, alternative sources either may not exist or may be unable to produce
the quantities of those components necessary to satisfy our production requirements. In addition, we sometimes
purchase components from Single-source suppliers under short-term agreements that contain favorable pricing and
other terms but that may be unilaterally modified or terminated by the supplier with limited notice and with little
or no penalty. The performance of such single-source suppliers under those agreements (and the renewal or
extension of those agreements upon Similar terms) may affect the quality, quantity and price of our components.
The loss of a single-source supplier, the deterioration of our relationship with a single-source supplier, or any
16