Table of contents
unilateral modification to the contractual terms under which we are supplied components by a single source
supplier could adversely affect our business and financial performance.
Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and ﬁnancial condition and increase our costs and expenses.
Our worldwide operations could be disrupted by earthquakes, telecommunications failures, power or water shortages,
tsunamis, ﬂoods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics or pandemics and other natural or
manmade disasters or catastrophic events, for which we are predominantly self-insured. The occurrence of any of these
business disruptions could result in significant losses, seriously harm our revenue, profitability and financial condition,
adversely affect our competitive position, increase our costs and expenses, and require substantial expenditures and recovery
time in order to fully resume operations. Our corporate headquarters and a portion of our research and development activities
are located in California, and other critical business operations and some of our suppliers are located in California and Asia,
near major earthquake faults known for seismic activity. The manufacture of product components, the final assembly of our
products and other critical operations are concentrated in certain geographic locations. We also rely on major logistics hubs
primarily in Asia to manufacture and distribute our products, and primarily in the southwestern United States to import
products into the Americas region. Our operations could be adversely affected if manufacturing, logistics or other operations in
these locations are disrupted for any reason, including natural disasters, IT system failures, military actions or economic,
business, labor, environmental, public health, regulatory or political issues. The ultimate impact on us, our significant suppliers
and our general infrastructure of being located near locations more vulnerable to the occurrence of the aforementioned business
disruptions, such as near major earthquake faults, and being consolidated in certain geographical areas is unknown and remains
uncertain.
Our uneven sales cycle makes planning and inventory management diﬂ‘icult and future ﬁnancial results less predictable.
Our quarterly sales often have reﬂected a pattern in which a disproportionate percentage of each quarter’s total sales
occurs towards the end of the quarter. This uneven sales pattern makes predicting net revenue, earnings, cash ﬂow from
operations and working capital for each financial period difficult, increases the risk of unanticipated variations in our quarterly
results and financial condition and places pressure on our inventory management and logistics systems. If predicted demand is
substantially greater than orders, there may be excess inventory. Alternatively, if orders substantially exceed predicted demand,
we may not be able to fulﬁll all of the orders received in each quarter and such orders may be cancelled. Depending on when
they occur in a quarter, developments such as a systems failure, component pricing movements, component shortages or global
logistics disruptions could adversely impact our inventory levels and results of operations in a manner that is disproportionate
to the number of days in the quarter aﬁected.
We experience some seasonal trends in the sale of our products that also may produce variations in our quarterly results
and financial condition. For example, sales to governments (particularly sales to the US. government) are often stronger in the
third calendar quarter, and many customers whose fiscal year is the calendar year spend their remaining capital budget
authorizations in the fourth calendar quarter prior to new budget constraints in the first calendar quarter of the following year.
Consumer sales are often higher in the fourth calendar quarter compared to other quarters due in part to seasonal holiday
demand. European sales are often weaker during the summer months. Demand during the spring and early summer also may be
adversely impacted by market anticipation of seasonal trends. Moreover, to the extent that we introduce new products in
anticipation of seasonal demand trends, our discounting of existing products may adversely affect our gross margin prior to or
shortly after such product launches. Typically, our third fiscal quarter is our weakest and our fourth fiscal quarter is our
strongest. Many of the factors that create and aﬁect seasonal trends are beyond our control.
Due to the international nature of our business, political or economic changes or other factors could harm our business and
financial performance.
Sales outside the United States made up approximately 63% of our net revenue for fiscal year 2016. In addition, a portion
of our business activity is being conducted in emerging markets. Our future business and financial performance could suﬁer
due to a variety of international factors, including:
° ongoing instability or changes in a country’s or region’s economic, regulatory or political conditions, including
inﬂation, recession, interest rate ﬂuctuations and actual or anticipated military or political conﬂicts or any other
change resulting from Brexit;
- longer collection cycles and financial instability among customers, the imposition by governments of additional
taxes, tariffs or other restrictions on foreign trade or changes in restrictions on trade between the United States and
other countries;
- trade regulations and procedures and actions affecting production, shipping, pricing and marketing of products,
including policies adopted by the United States or other countries that may champion or otherwise favor domestic
companies and technologies over foreign competitors;
l7