Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 15: Litigation and Contingencies (Continued)
similar to CERCLA, and may become a party to, or otherwise involved in, proceedings brought by private parties for
contribution towards clean-up costs. HP is also conducting environmental investigations or remediations at several current or
former operating sites pursuant to administrative orders or consent agreements with state environmental agencies.
The separation and distribution agreement includes provisions that provide for the allocation of environmental
liabilities between HP and Hewlett Packard Enterprise including certain remediation obligations; responsibilities arising from
the chemical and materials composition of their respective products, their safe use and their energy consumption; obligations
under product take back legislation that addresses the collection, recycling, treatment and disposal of products, and other
environmental matters. HP will generally be responsible for environmental liabilities related to the properties and other assets,
including products, allocated to HP under the separation and distribution agreement and other ancillary agreements. Under these
agreements, HP will indemnify Hewlett Packard Enterprise for liabilities for specified ongoing remediation projects, subject to
certain limitations, and Hewlett Packard Enterprise has a payment obligation for a specified portion of the cost of those
remediation projects. In addition, HP will share with Hewlett Packard Enterprise other environmental liabilities as set forth in
the separation and distribution agreement. HP is indemnified in whole or in part by Hewlett Packard Enterprise for liabilities
arising from the assets assigned to Hewlett Packard Enterprise and for certain environmental matters as detailed in the
separation and distribution agreement.
Note 16: Guarantees, Indemniﬁcations and Warranties
Guarantees
In the ordinary course of business, HP may issue performance guarantees to certain of its clients, customers and other
parties pursuant to which HP has guaranteed the performance obligations of third parties. Some of those guarantees may be
backed by standby letters of credit or surety bonds. In general, HP would be obligated to perform over the term of the guarantee
in the event a specified triggering event occurs as defined by the guarantee. HP believes the likelihood of having to perform
under a material guarantee is remote.
Indemniﬁcations
In the ordinary course of business, HP enters into contractual arrangements under which HP may agree to indemnify a
third party to such arrangement from any losses incurred relating to the services they perform on behalf of HP or for losses
arising from certain events as defined within the particular contract, which may include, for example, litigation or claims
relating to past performance. HP also provides indemnifications to certain vendors and customers against claims of IP
infringement made by third parties arising from the vendors’ and customers’ use of HP’s software products and services and
certain other matters. Some indemnifications may not be subject to maximum loss clauses. Historically, payments made related
to these indemnifications have been immaterial.
Cross-Indemniﬁcations with Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Under the separation and distribution agreement, HP agreed to indemnify Hewlett Packard Enterprise, each of its
subsidiaries and each of their respective directors, officers and employees from and against all liabilities relating to, arising out
of or resulting from, among other matters, the liabilities allocated to HP as part of the Separation. Hewlett Packard Enterprise
similarly agreed to indemnify HP, each of its subsidiaries and each of their respective directors, officers and employees from
and against all liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from, among other matters, the liabilities allocated to Hewlett
Packard Enterprise as part of the Separation. HP expects Hewlett Packard Enterprise to fully perform under the terms of the
separation and distribution agreement.
For information on the cross-indemnifications related to the tax matter agreements and litigations eﬁective upon the
Separation on November 1, 2015, see Note 7, “Taxes on Earnings” and Note 15, “Litigation and Contingencies”, respectively.
Warranties
HP accrues the estimated cost of product warranties at the time it recognizes revenue. HP engages in extensive product
quality programs and processes, including actively monitoring and evaluating the quality of its component suppliers; however,
117