Table of contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
HP’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for
HP. HP’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with US. generally
accepted accounting principles. HP’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions
of the assets of HP; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
ﬁnancial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of HP are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of HP; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of HP’s assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
HP’s management assessed the effectiveness of HP’s internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2016,
utilizing the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal
Control—Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on the assessment by HP’s management, we determined that HP’s
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of October 31, 2016. The eﬁectiveness of HP’s internal control over
ﬁnancial reporting as of October 31, 2016 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, HP’s independent registered public
accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears on page 54 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
i/s/ DION J. WEISLER r r/s/ CATHERINE A. LESJAK 7
Dion J. Weisler 7 Catherine A. Lesjak 7
President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer Chief Financial Oﬁcer
December 15, 2016 December 15, 2016
55