Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 5: Retirement and Post-Retirement Beneﬁt Plan (Continued)
HP’s investment strategy is to seek a competitive rate of return relative to an appropriate level of risk depending on the
funded status of each plan and the timing of expected beneﬁt payments. The majority of the plans’ investment managers
employ active investment management strategies with the goal of outperforming the broad markets in which they invest. Risk
management practices include diversification across asset classes and investment styles and periodic rebalancing toward asset
allocation targets. A number of the plans’ investment managers are authorized to utilize derivatives for investment or liability
exposures, and HP may utilize derivatives to effect asset allocation changes or to hedge certain investment or liability
exposures.
The target asset allocation selected for each U.S. plan reﬂects a risk/return profile HP believes is appropriate relative to
each plan’s liability structure and return goals. HP conducts periodic asset-liability studies for US. plans in order to model
various potential asset allocations in comparison to each plan’s forecasted liabilities and liquidity needs. HP invests a portion
of the US. defined benefit plan assets and post-retirement benefit plan assets in private market securities such as private equity
funds to provide diversification and a higher expected return on assets.
Outside the United States, asset allocation decisions are typically made by an independent board of trustees for the
specific plan. As in the United States, investment objectives are designed to generate returns that will enable the plan to meet
its future obligations. In some countries, local regulations may restrict asset allocations, typically leading to a higher
percentage of investment in fixed income securities than would otherwise be deployed. HP reviews the investment strategy
and provides a recommended list of investment managers for each country plan, with final decisions on asset allocation and
investment managers made by the board of trustees for the specific plan.
Basis for Expected Long-Term Rate of Return on Plan Assets
The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets reﬂects the expected returns for each major asset class in which the
plan invests and the weight of each asset class in the target mix. Expected asset returns reﬂect the current yield on government
bonds, risk premiums for each asset class and expected real returns which considers each country’s specific inﬂation outlook.
Because HP’s investment policy is to employ primarily active investment managers who seek to outperform the broader
market, the expected returns are adjusted to reﬂect the expected additional returns net of fees.
Future Contributions and Funding Policy
In fiscal year 2017, HP expects to contribute approximately $26 million to its non-U.S. pension plans, $33 million to
cover benefit payments to US. non-qualified plan participants and $9 million to cover benefit claims for HP’s post-retirement
benefit plans. HP’s policy is to fund its pension plans so that it makes at least the minimum contribution required by local
government, funding and taxing authorities.
Estimated Future Beneﬁts Payments
As of October 31, 2016, HP estimates that the future benefits payments for the retirement and post-retirement plans are
as follows:
Non-U.S. Post-
U.S. Deﬁned Deﬁned Retirement
iFiscal year 7 7 Beneﬁt Plans 7 7 Beneﬁt Plans 7 7 Beneﬁt Plans 7
7 7 7 7 7 In millions 7 7 7
[2017 $ 687 $ 27 $ 80‘
2018 635 24 61
[2019 648 28 511
2020 674 29 47
[2021 702 28 441
Next five fiscal years to October 31, 2026 3,685 188 167
84