HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)
OVERVIEW
We are a leading global provider of personal computing and other access devices, imaging and printing products, and
related technologies, solutions, and services. We sell to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses and large
enterprises, including customers in the government, health, and education sectors. We have three segments for financial
reporting purposes: Personal Systems, Printing and Corporate Investments. The Personal Systems segment offers Commercial
personal computers (“PCS”), Consumer PCs, workstations, thin clients, Commercial tablets and mobility devices, retail point-
of-sale systems, displays and other related accessories, software, support, and services for the commercial and consumer
markets. The Printing segment provides Consumer and Commercial printer hardware, Supplies, media, solutions and services,
as well as scanning devices. Corporate Investments include HP Labs and certain business incubation projects.
- In Personal Systems, our strategic focus is on profitable growth through improved market segmentation with respect to
enhanced innovation in multi-operating systems, multi-architecture, geography, customer segments and other key
attributes. Additionally, HP is investing in premium and mobility form factors such as convertible notebooks,
detachable notebooks, and commercial tablets and mobility devices in order to meet customer preference for mobile,
thinner and lighter devices. We expect a decrease in the rate of the market decline and we believe that we are well
positioned due to our competitive product lineup.
- In Printing, our strategic focus is on business printing, a shift to contractual solutions and graphics. Business printing
includes delivering solutions to SMB and enterprise customers, such as multi-function and PageWide printers,
including our J etIntelligence lineup of LaserJet printers. The shift to contractual solutions includes an increased focus
on Managed Print Services and Instant Ink, which presents strong aftermarket supplies opportunities. In the graphics
space, we are focused on innovations such as our Indigo and Latex product offerings. We plan to continue to focus on
shifting the mix in the installed base to higher value units and expanding our innovative ink, laser and graphics and 3D
printing programs. We continue to execute on our key initiatives of focusing on products targeted at high usage
categories and introducing new revenue delivery models. Our Ink in the Oﬁice initiative is continuing to shift the
installed base to more valuable units. In the commercial market, our focus is on placing higher value printer units
which offer positive annuity of toner and ink, the design and deployment of A3 products and solutions, accelerating
growth in graphic solutions products, and launching and developing our first 3D printers. During the third quarter of
fiscal year 2016, we announced our decision to make a one-time investment over time to reduce the level of supplies
inventory across the channels. This change in the Supplies sales model supports our strategy of maintaining a more
consistent value proposition by shifting from a push model to a pull model driven by market demand, and allows for
less price variability.
We continue to experience challenges that are representative of trends and uncertainties that may affect our business and
results of operations. One set of challenges relates to dynamic and accelerating market trends such as the decline in the PC
device market and home printing. A second set of challenges relates to changes in the competitive landscape. Our primary
competitors are exerting increased competitive pressure in targeted areas and are entering new markets, our emerging
competitors are introducing new technologies and business models, and our alliance partners in some businesses are
increasingly becoming our competitors in others. A third set of challenges relates to business model changes and our go-to-
market execution.
- In Personal Systems, we are witnessing soft demand in the PC market as customers hold onto their PCs longer, thereby
extending PC refresh cycles. Demand for PCs is being impacted by weaker macroeconomic conditions and currency
depreciation in Latin America, Canada and certain Asian and European markets. As such, we anticipate continued
market headwinds.
- In Printing, we are experiencing the impact of demand challenges in consumer and commercial markets. We are also
experiencing an overall competitive pricing environment and have yet to see evidence of a broad move for our
Japanese competitors to be less aggressive given the strength of the yen. We obtain a number of components from
single sources due to technology, availability, price, quality or other considerations. For instance, we source laser
printer engines and laser toner cartridges from Canon. Any decision by either party to not renew our agreement with
Canon or to limit or reduce the scope of the agreement could adversely affect our net revenue from LaserJet products;
however, we have a long-standing business relationship with Canon and do not anticipate non-renewal of this
agreement.
We may also face challenges as a result of the June 23, 2016 referendum by British voters to exit the European Union
(commonly known as “Brexit”). The outcome of Brexit and its impact on our business cannot be known until the terms and
32