Table of contents
PART I
ITEM 1. Business.
Business Overview
We are a leading global provider of products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers,
small- and medium-sized businesses (“SMBs”) and large enterprises, including customers in the government, health and
education sectors.
HP was incorporated in 1947 under the laws of the state of California as the successor to a partnership founded in 1939
by William R. Hewlett and David Packard. Effective in May 1998, we changed our state of incorporation from California to
Delaware.
HP Inc. Separation Transaction
On November 1, 2015 (the “Distribution Date”), we completed the separation of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company
(“Hewlett Packard Enterprise”), Hewlett-Packard Company’s former enterprise technology infrastructure, software, services
and financing businesses (the “S eparation”). In connection with the Separation, Hewlett-Packard Company changed its name to
HP Inc. (“HP”).
On the Distribution Date, each of our stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 21, 2015 (the “Record
Date”) received one share of Hewlett Packard Enterprise common stock for every one share of our common stock held as of the
Record Date. We distributed a total of approximately 1.8 billion shares of Hewlett Packard Enterprise common stock to our
stockholders. Hewlett Packard Enterprise is an independent public company trading on the New York Stock Exchange
(“NYSE”) under the symbol “HPE”. After the Separation, we do not beneficially own any shares of Hewlett Packard Enterprise
common stock.
In connection with the Separation, we and Hewlett Packard Enterprise have entered into a separation and distribution
agreement as well as various other agreements that provide a framework for the relationships between the parties going
forward, including among others a tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement, a transition service agreement, a
real estate matters agreement, a master commercial agreement and an information technology service agreement.
HP Products and Services; Segment Information
We are a leading global provider of personal computing and other access devices, imaging and printing products, and
related technologies, solutions and services. We sell to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses and large
enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. We have three segments for financial
reporting purposes: Personal Systems, Printing and Corporate Investments. The Personal Systems segment offers Commercial
personal computers (“PCs”), Consumer PCs, workstations, thin clients, Commercial tablets and mobility devices, retail point-
of-sale (“POS”) systems, displays and other related accessories, software, support, and services for the commercial and
consumer markets. The Printing segment provides consumer and commercial printer hardware, supplies, media, solutions and
services, as well as scanning devices. Corporate Investments includes HP Labs and certain business incubation projects.
In each of the past three fiscal years, notebook PCs, printing supplies, printing Commercial Hardware and desktop PCs
each accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated net revenue.
A summary of our net revenue, earnings from operations and assets for our segments can be found in Note 3, “Segment
Information” to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. A discussion of
factors potentially affecting our operations is set forth in “Risk Factors” in Item 1A, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Personal Systems
Personal Systems provides Commercial PCs, Consumer PCs, workstations, thin clients, Commercial tablets and mobility
devices, retail POS systems, displays and other related accessories, software, support and services for the commercial and
consumer markets. We group Commercial notebooks, Commercial desktops, Commercial services, Commercial tablets and
mobility devices, Commercial detachables, workstations, retail POS systems and thin clients into Commercial clients and
Consumer notebooks, Consumer desktops, Consumer services and Consumer detachables into Consumer clients when
describing performance in these markets. Both Commercial and Consumer PCs and Commercial tablets and mobility devices
are based predominately on Microsoft Windows operating systems and use processors from Intel Corporation (“Intel”) and
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (“AMD”). Personal Systems also maintains a multi-operating system, multi—architecture strategy
using the Google Chrome and Android operating systems among others for notebooks and tablets.
4