HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)
States federal taxes due on amounts expected to be distributed to the United States. Further, as a result of certain employment
actions and capital investments we have undertaken, income from manufacturing activities in certain jurisdictions is subject to
reduced tax rates and, in some cases, is wholly exempt from taxes for fiscal years through 2027. Material changes in our
estimates of cash, working capital and long-term investment requirements in the various jurisdictions in which we do business
could impact how future earnings are repatriated to the United States, and our related future effective tax rate.
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and approximately 58 other countries, and we are subject to routine
corporate income tax audits in many of these jurisdictions. We believe that positions taken on our tax returns are fully
supported, but tax authorities may challenge these positions, which may not be fully sustained on examination by the relevant
tax authorities. Accordingly, our income tax provision includes amounts intended to satisfy assessments that may result from
these challenges. Determining the income tax provision for these potential assessments and recording the related eﬁects
requires management judgments and estimates. The amounts ultimately paid on resolution of an audit could be materially
different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our
income tax provision, net income and cash ﬂows. Our accrual for uncertain tax positions is attributable primarily to
uncertainties concerning the tax treatment of our international operations, including the allocation of income among different
jurisdictions, intercompany transactions and related interest. For a further discussion on taxes on earnings, refer to Note 7,
“Taxes on Earnings” to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Inventory
We state our inventory at the lower of cost or market on a first-in, ﬁrst-out basis. We make adjustments to reduce the cost
of inventory to its net realizable value at the product group level for estimated excess or obsolescence. Factors inﬂuencing these
adjustments include changes in demand, technological changes, product life cycle and development plans, component cost
trends, product pricing, physical deterioration and quality issues.
Goodwill
We review goodwill for impairment annually during our fourth quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying amount of goodwill may not be recoverable. We can opt to perform a qualitative assessment to test a
reporting unit’s goodwill for impairment or we can directly perform the two-step impairment test. Based on the qualitative
assessment, if we determine that the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood of more than 50
percent) to be less than its carrying amount, the two-step impairment test will be performed.
In the first step of the impairment test, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount with the fair
values derived most significantly from the income approach, and to a lesser extent, the market approach. Under the income
approach, we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash ﬂows. We base cash
ﬂow projections on management’s estimates of revenue growth rates and operating margins, taking into consideration industry
and market conditions. We base the discount rate on the weighted-average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant risk
associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the reporting unit’s ability to execute on the
projected cash ﬂows. Under the market approach, we estimate fair value based on market multiples of revenue and earnings
derived from comparable publicly-traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics as the reporting unit.
We weight the fair value derived from the market approach depending on the level of comparability of these publicly-traded
companies to the reporting unit. When market comparables are not meaningful or not available, we estimate the fair value of a
reporting unit using only the income approach.
If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds the carrying amount of the net assets assigned to that reporting unit, goodwill
is not impaired and no further testing is required. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then we
perform the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. In the second step,
we measure the reporting unit’s assets, including any unrecognized intangible assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests at
fair value in a hypothetical analysis to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill for the reporting unit in the same manner as
if the reporting unit was being acquired in a business combination. If the implied fair value of the reporting unit’s goodwill is
less than its carrying amount, the difference is recorded as an impairment loss.
Our annual goodwill impairment analysis, performed using the qualitative assessment option as of the first day of the
fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, resulted in a conclusion that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting
36