HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)
Corporate Investments
7 For the ﬁscal years ended October 31 7
7 2016 2015 2014 ’
Dollars in millions
’Net revenue $ 7 $ 20 $ 296 ‘
(Loss) earnings from operations 33 (98) $ (43) $ 157
j(Loss) earnings from operations as a % of net revenue“) NM NM 53%}
(1) “NM” represents not meaningful.
Fiscal Year 2 01 6 compared with Fiscal Year 2015
The loss from operations for fiscal year 2016 was primarily due to expenses associated with our incubation projects.
Fiscal Year 2015 compared with Fiscal Year 2014
The net revenue decrease for fiscal year 2015 was primarily due to the sale of intellectual property assets related to the
Palm acquisition in the prior-year period.
The increase in the loss from operations for fiscal year 2015 was primarily due to the sale of intellectual property assets in
the prior-year period and higher expenses associated with incubation projects and HP Labs.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
We use cash generated by operations as our primary source of liquidity. We believe that internally generated cash ﬂows
are generally sufficient to support our operating businesses, capital expenditures, restructuring activities, maturing debt, income
tax payments and the payment of stockholder dividends, in addition to investments and share repurchases. We are able to
supplement this short-term liquidity, if necessary, with broad access to capital markets and credit facilities made available by
various domestic and foreign financial institutions. Our access to capital markets may be constrained and our cost of borrowing
may increase under certain business, market and economic conditions; however, our access to a variety of funding sources to
meet our liquidity needs is designed to facilitate continued access to capital resources under all such conditions. Our liquidity is
subject to various risks including the risks identified in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in Item 1A and market risks
identified in the section entitled “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk” in Item 7A, which is
incorporated herein by reference.
Our cash balances are held in numerous locations throughout the world, with majority of those amounts held outside of
the United States. We utilize a variety of planning and financing strategies in an eﬁort to ensure that our worldwide cash is
available when and where it is needed. Our cash position remains strong, and we expect that our cash balances, anticipated cash
ﬂow generated from operations and access to capital markets will be suﬁicient to cover our expected near-term cash outlays.
In September 20 16, HP entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. ’s printer business for
$1.05 billion. The transaction is expected to close within 12 months pending regulatory review and other customary closing
conditions.
Amounts held outside of the United States are generally utilized to support non-US. liquidity needs, although a portion of
those amounts may from time to time be subject to short-term intercompany loans into the United States. Most of the amounts
held outside of the United States could be repatriated to the United States but, under current law, some would be subject to US.
federal income taxes, less applicable foreign tax credits. Repatriation of some foreign earnings is restricted by local law. Except
for foreign earnings that are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the United States, we have provided for the US.
federal tax liability on these earnings for financial statement purposes. Repatriation could result in additional income tax
payments in future years. Where local restrictions prevent an efﬁcient intercompany transfer of funds, our intent is that cash
balances would remain outside of the United States and we would meet liquidity needs through ongoing cash ﬂows, external
44