Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 3: Segment Information (Continued)
A summary description of each segment follows.
Personal Systems provides Commercial personal computers (“PCs”), Consumer PCs, workstations, thin clients,
Commercial tablets and mobility devices , retail point-of-sale systems, displays and other related accessories, software, support
and services for the commercial and consumer markets. HP groups Commercial notebooks, Commercial desktops, Commercial
services, Commercial tablets and mobility devices, Commercial detachables, workstations, retail point-of-sale systems and thin
clients into Commercial clients and Consumer notebooks, Consumer desktops, Consumer services and Consumer detachables
into Consumer clients when describing performance in these markets. Described below are HP’s global business capabilities
within Personal Systems.
° Commercial PCs are optimized for enterprise and SMB customers, with a focus on robust designs, serviceability,
connectivity, reliability and manageability in networked environments. Additionally, HP offers a range of services and
solutions to enterprise and SMB customers to help them manage the lifecycle of their PC and mobility installed base.
° Consumer PCs are notebooks, desktops, and hybrids that are optimized for consumer usage, focusing on multi-media
consumption, online browsing, and light productivity.
Printing provides consumer and commercial printer hardware, supplies, media, solutions and services, as well as scanning
devices. Printing is also focused on imaging solutions in the commercial markets. HP groups LaserJet, Graphics and PageWide
printers into Commercial Hardware and Inkj et printers into Consumer Hardware when describing performance in these
markets. Described below are HP’s global business capabilities within Printing.
- LaserJet and Enterprise Solutions delivers HP’s LaserJet printers, supplies and solutions to SMBs and large
enterprises. HP goes to market through its extensive channel network and directly with HP sales. Ongoing key
initiatives include design and deployment of A3 products and solutions for the copier and multifunction printer market,
printer security solutions, PageWide Enterprise solutions, and award—winning JetIntelligence products.
- Inlg‘et and Printing Solutions delivers HP’s consumer, SMB and PageWide Inkjet solutions (hardware, supplies, media,
and web-connected hardware and services). Ongoing initiatives and programs such as Instant Ink and newer initiatives
such as Continuous Ink Supply System provide innovative printing solutions to consumers and SMBs.
° Graphics Solutions delivers large format printers (DesignJet, Large Format Production and Scitex Industrial), specialty
printing, digital press solutions (Indigo and PageWide Presses), supplies and services to print service providers and
design and rendering customers.
- Print Solutions provides end-to-end services, as well as core platforms to develop and deploy services across printing
systems. HP’s focus includes driving customer value through managed print services and providing support solutions
for new and existing customers.
Corporate Investments includes HP Labs and certain business incubation projects.
The accounting policies HP uses to derive segment results are substantially the same as those used by the company in
preparing these financial statements. HP derives the results of the business segments directly from its internal management
reporting system. Segment net revenue includes revenues from sales to external customers and intersegment revenues that
reﬂect transactions between the segments on an arm ’s-length basis. HP’s consolidated net revenue is derived and reported after
the elimination of intersegment revenues from such arrangements.
Effective at the beginning of its first quarter of ﬁscal year 2016, HP implemented a reporting change to its segment
operating results. This reporting change resulted in the exclusion of retirement related credits representing the market related
components of pension and post-retirement benefits such as interest expense, expected return on plan assets, and actuarial gain
(loss) amortization (“Market related retirement credits”). The reporting change had an immaterial impact to previously reported
segment net revenue and earnings from operations and no impact to previously reported consolidated net revenue, earnings
from continuing operations, net earnings or net earnings per share.
70