Table of contents
A summary of our domestic and international net revenue and net property, plant and equipment is set forth in Note 3,
“Segment Information” to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Approximately 63% of our overall net revenue in fiscal year 2016 came from outside the United States.
For a discussion of risks attendant to HP’s international operations, see “Risk Factors—Due to the international nature of
our business, political or economic changes or other factors could harm our business and financial performance,” in Item 1A,
“Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk,” in Item 7A and Note 12, “Borrowings” to the Consolidated
Financial Statements in Item 8, which are incorporated herein by reference.
Research and Development
Innovation is a key element of our culture. Our development eﬁorts are focused on designing and developing products,
services and solutions that anticipate customers’ changing needs and desires, and emerging technological trends. Our efforts
also are focused on identifying the areas where we believe we can make a unique contribution and the areas where partnering
with other leading technology companies will leverage our cost structure and maximize our customers’ experiences.
HP Labs, together with the various research and development groups within our business segments, is responsible for our
research and development efforts. HP Labs is part of our Corporate Investments segment.
Expenditures for research and development were $1.2 billion in ﬁscal year 2016, $1.2 billion in fiscal year 2015 and
$1.3 billion in fiscal year 2014. We anticipate that we will continue to have significant research and development expenditures
in the future to support the design and development of innovative, high-quality products and services to maintain and enhance
our competitive position.
For a discussion of risks attendant to our research and development activities, see “Risk Factors—If we cannot
successfully execute our go-to-market strategy and continue to develop, manufacture and market innovative products and
services, our business and financial performance may suffer,” in Item 1A, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Patents
Our general policy has been to seek patent protection for those inventions likely to be incorporated into our products and
services or where obtaining such proprietary rights will improve our competitive position. At October 31, 2016, our worldwide
patent portfolio included over 18,000 patents.
Patents generally have a term of twenty years from the date they are filed. As our patent portfolio has been built over
time, the remaining terms of the individual patents across our patent portfolio vary. We believe that our patents and patent
applications are important for maintaining the competitive differentiation of our products and services, enhancing our freedom
of action to sell our products and services in markets in which we choose to participate, and maximizing our return on research
and development investments. No single patent is in itself essential to HP as a whole or to any of HP’s business segments.
In addition to developing our patent portfolio, we license intellectual property (“IP”) from third parties as we deem
appropriate. We have also granted and continue to grant to others licenses, and other rights, under our patents when we consider
these arrangements to be in our interest. These license arrangements include a number of cross-licenses with third parties.
For a discussion of risks attendant to IP rights, see “Risk Factors—Our financial performance may suﬁer if we cannot
continue to develop, license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our businesses depend,” in Item 1A, which is
incorporated herein by reference.
Backlog
We believe that backlog is not a meaningful indicator of future business prospects due to our diverse products and
services portfolio, including the large volume of products delivered from finished goods or channel partner inventories and the
shortening of product life cycles. Therefore, we believe that backlog information is not material to an understanding of our
overall business.
Seasonality
General economic conditions have an impact on our business and financial results. From time to time, the markets in
which we sell our products and services experience weak economic conditions that may negatively affect sales. We experience
some seasonal trends in the sale of our products and services. For example, European sales are often weaker in the summer
months and consumer sales are often stronger in the fourth calendar quarter. Demand during the spring and early summer
months also may be adversely impacted by market anticipation of seasonal trends. See “Risk F actors—Our uneven sales cycle
makes planning and inventory management difficult and future financial results less predictable,” in Item 1A, which is
incorporated herein by reference.
7