Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 4: Restructuring and Other Charges (Continued)
The severance and infrastructure cash payments associated with the restructuring plan initiated by HP in fiscal year 2012
(the “Fiscal 2012 Plan”) are expected to be paid through ﬁscal year 2021. The Fiscal 2012 Plan was considered complete as of
October 31, 2016 and we do not expect any further costs associated with this plan.
Other charges
Other charges include non-recurring costs that are distinct from ongoing operational costs such as information technology
costs incurred in connection with the Separation. HP incurred $30 million of other charges in fiscal year 2016.
Note 5: Retirement and Post-Retirement Beneﬁt Plan
Separation related activities
In advance of the Separation, HP underwent a plan-by-plan analysis and determined which plans would be assigned to
either HP or Hewlett Packard Enterprise. While some pension plans transitioned in their entirety to Hewlett Packard Enterprise
or remain in their entirety with HP, other plans were split into two identical plans resulting in both companies splitting the
plan’s assets and liabilities. In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015, the plans were legally separated and the amounts
attributable to Hewlett Packard Enterprise were transferred and reported as discontinued operations in fiscal year 2015.
The Hewlett-Packard Company 401(k) Plan, now known as the HP Inc. 401(k) Plan, remained with HP. A new 401
(k) Plan was created for the employees of Hewlett Packard Enterprise. Balances for Hewlett Packard Enterprise employees
were transferred to the new plan post-Separation.
Deﬁned Beneﬁt Plans
HP sponsors a number of defined benefit pension plans worldwide. The most significant defined benefit plan, the HP Inc.
Pension Plan (“Pension Plan”) is in the United States.
HP reduces the benefit payable to certain U.S. employees under the Pension Plan for service before 1993, if any, by any
amounts due to the employee under HP’s frozen defined contribution Deferred Profit-Sharing Plan (“DPSP”). At October 31,
2016 and 2015, the fair value of plan assets of the DPSP was $606 million and $742 million, respectively. The DPSP
obligations are equal to the plan assets and are recognized as an oﬂset to the Pension Plan when HP calculates its defined
benefit pension cost and obligations. The Pension Plan and the DPSP both remain entirely with HP post-Separation.
Post-Retirement Beneﬁt Plans
HP sponsors retiree health and welfare benefit plans, of which the most significant are in the United States. Under the HP
Inc. Retiree Welfare Benefits Plan, certain pre—2003 retirees and grandfathered participants with continuous service to HP
since 2002 are eligible to receive partially-subsidized medical coverage based on years of service at retirement. HP’s share of
the premium cost is capped for all subsidized medical coverage provided under the HP Inc. Retiree Welfare Benefits Plan. HP
currently leverages the employer group waiver plan process to provide HP Inc. Retiree Welfare Benefits Plan post-65
prescription drug coverage under Medicare Part D, thereby giving HP access to federal subsidies to help pay for retiree
benefits.
Certain employees not grandfathered under the above programs, and employees hired after 2002 but before August 2008,
are eligible for credits under the HP Inc. Retirement Medical Savings Account Plan (“RMSA”) upon attaining age 45. Credits
offered after September 2008 are provided in the form of matching credits on employee contributions made to a voluntary
employee beneficiary association. On retirement, former employees may use these credits for the reimbursement of certain
eligible medical expenses, including premiums required for coverage.
Deﬁned Contribution Plans
75