Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 1: Overview and Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies (Continued)
HP evaluates each deliverable in an arrangement to determine whether it represents a separate unit of accounting. A
deliverable constitutes a separate unit of accounting when it has standalone value to the customer. For deliverables with no
standalone value, HP recognizes revenue consistent with the pattern of delivery of the final deliverable. If the arrangement
includes a customer-negotiated refund or return right or other contingency relative to the delivered items, and the delivery and
performance of the undelivered items is considered probable and substantially within HP’s control, the delivered element
constitutes a separate unit of accounting. In arrangements with combined units of accounting, changes in the allocation of the
transaction price among elements may impact the timing of revenue recognition for the contract but will not change the total
revenue recognized for the contract.
Net revenue
Hardware
Under HP’s standard terms and conditions of sale, HP transfers title and risk of loss to the customer at the time product is
delivered to the customer and recognizes revenue accordingly, unless customer acceptance is uncertain or significant
obligations to the customer remain. HP reduces revenue for estimated customer returns, price protection, rebates and other
programs offered under sales agreements established by HP with its distributors and resellers. HP records revenue from the sale
of equipment under sales-type leases as revenue at the inception of the lease. HP accrues the estimated cost of post-sale
obligations, including standard product warranties, based on historical experience at the time HP recognizes revenue.
Services
HP recognizes revenue from fixed-price support or maintenance contracts ratably over the contract period and recognizes
the costs associated with these contracts as incurred.
Deferred revenue
HP records amounts invoiced to customers in excess of revenue recognized as deferred revenue until the revenue
recognition criteria are satisfied. HP records revenue that is earned and recognized in excess of amounts invoiced on services
contracts as trade receivables. Deferred revenue represents amounts invoiced in advance for product support contracts and
product sales.
Shipping and Handling
HP includes costs related to shipping and handling in Cost of revenue.
Stock-Based Compensation
HP determines stock-based compensation expense based on the measurement date fair value of the award. HP recognizes
compensation cost only for those awards expected to meet the service and performance vesting conditions on a straight—line
basis over the requisite service period of the award. HP determines compensation costs at the aggregate grant level for service-
based awards and at the individual vesting tranche level for awards with performance and/or market conditions. HP estimates
the forfeiture rate based on its historical experience.
Retirement and Post-Retirement Plans
HP has various defined benefit, other contributory and noncontributory retirement and post-retirement plans. HP generally
amortizes unrecognized actuarial gains and losses on a straight-line basis over the average remaining estimated service life of
participants. In limited cases, HP amortizes actuarial gains and losses using the corridor approach. See Note 5, “Retirement and
Post-Retirement Benefit Plans” for a full description of these plans and the accounting and funding policies.
Advertising
64