HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)
The cash conversion cycle is the sum of days of sales outstanding in accounts receivable (“DSO”) and days of supply in
inventory (“DOS”) less days of purchases outstanding in accounts payable (“DPO”). Items which may cause the cash
conversion cycle in a particular period to differ from a long-term sustainable rate include, but are not limited to, changes in
business mix, changes in payment terms, extent of receivables factoring, seasonal trends and the timing of revenue recognition
and inventory purchases within the period.
DSO measures the average number of days our receivables are outstanding. DSO is calculated by dividing ending
accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, by a 90-day average of net revenue. For fiscal year 2016, the
decrease in DSO compared to fiscal year 2015 was primarily due to favorable revenue linearity and strong collections, partially
offset by unfavorable currency impacts. For fiscal year 2015, the increase in DSO compared to fiscal year 2014 was primarily
due to lower usage of cash discounts by our customers.
DOS measures the average number of days from procurement to sale of our product. DOS is calculated by dividing
ending inventory by a 90-day average of cost of goods sold. For fiscal year 2016, the DOS was ﬂat compared to fiscal year
2015 due to strong inventory management offset by higher inventory balance to support future sales levels. For ﬁscal year
2015, the increase in DOS compared to ﬁscal year 2014 was due to higher inventory balance to support future sales levels.
DPO measures the average number of days our accounts payable balances are outstanding. DPO is calculated by dividing
ending accounts payable by a 90-day average of cost of goods sold. For fiscal year 2016, the increase in DPO compared to
fiscal year 2015 was primarily the result of extension of payment terms with our product suppliers and increased strategic
inventory purchases. For fiscal year 2015, the increase in DPO compared to fiscal year 2014 was primarily the result of
purchasing linearity and an extension of payment terms with our product suppliers.
Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities decreased by $5.6 billion for fiscal year 2016 as compared to ﬁscal year 2015, due to
capital expenditures and payments made in connection with business acquisitions, net of cash acquired, in fiscal year 2015 by
the discontinued operations.
Net cash used in investing activities increased by approximately $2.7 billion for fiscal year 2015 as compared to fiscal
year 2014, primarily due to the acquisition of Aruba Networks, Inc., which was transferred to Hewlett Packard Enterprise as a
part of the Separation.
Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities increased by $15.8 billion in fiscal year 2016 primarily due to the cash transfer of
$10.4 billion to Hewlett Packard Enterprise in connection with the Separation, the redemption of $2.1 billion of US. Dollar
Global Notes and cash utilization of $2.0 billion for repurchases of common stock and dividends.
Net cash used in financing activities decreased by approximately $7.9 billion for fiscal year 2015 as compared to net cash
used in financing activities of $6.6 billion in fiscal year 2014. The change was primarily due to proceeds from the issuance of
senior unsecured notes in October 2015 by Hewlett Packard Enterprise in principal amount of $14.6 billion and higher proceeds
from issuance of commercial paper, partially offset by the redemption of $6.6 billion of US. Dollar Global Notes and higher
repayment of commercial paper as compared to fiscal year 2014.
Capital Resources
Debt Levels
46