Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 1: Overview and Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies (Continued)
sheet of each individual period presented, in order to reﬂect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. HP will
adopt the amendments in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. HP expects that the implementation of this guidance will not have
a material effect on its Consolidated Financial Statements.
In May 2014, the FASB amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. The amendments are based
on the principle that revenue should be recognized to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an
amount that reﬂects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In
August 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard update for a one-year deferral of the effective date, with an option of
applying the standard on the original effective date, which for HP is the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. In accordance with this
deferral, HP is required to adopt these amendments in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. The amendments may be applied
retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative eﬁect recognized as of the date of initial
application. HP is continuing to evaluate the impact of this guidance and the transition alternatives on its Consolidated
Financial Statements.
Revenue Recognition
General
HP recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services are
rendered, the sales price or fee is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. Additionally, HP recognizes
hardware revenue on sales to channel partners, including resellers, distributors or value-added solution providers at the time of
delivery when the channel partners have economic substance apart from HP, and HP has completed its obligations related to the
sale.
HP reduces revenue for customer and distributor programs and incentive offerings, including price protection, rebates,
promotions, other volume-based incentives and expected returns, at the later of the date of revenue recognition or the date the
sales incentive is offered. Future market conditions and product transitions may require HP to take actions to increase customer
incentive offerings, possibly resulting in an incremental reduction of revenue at the time the incentive is offered. For certain
incentive programs, HP estimates the number of customers expected to redeem the incentive based on historical experience and
the specific terms and conditions of the incentive.
In instances when revenue is derived from sales of third-party vendor products or services, HP records revenue on a gross
basis when HP is a principal to the transaction and on a net basis when HP is acting as an agent between the customer and the
vendor. HP considers several factors to determine whether it is acting as a principal or an agent, most notably whether HP is the
primary obligor to the customer, has established its own pricing and has inventory and credit risks.
HP reports revenue net of any taxes collected from customers and remitted to government authorities, with the collected
taxes recorded as current liabilities until remitted to the relevant government authority.
Multiple element arrangements
When a sales arrangement contains multiple elements or deliverables, such as hardware and/or services, HP allocates
revenue to each element based on a selling price hierarchy. The selling price for a deliverable is based on its vendor specific
objective evidence (“VSOE”) of selling price, if available, third-party evidence (“TPE”) if VSOE of selling price is not
available, or estimated selling price (“ESP”) if neither VSOE of selling price nor TPE is available. HP establishes VSOE of
selling price using the price charged for a deliverable when sold separately and, in rare instances, using the price established by
management having the relevant authority. HP evaluates TPE of selling price by reviewing largely similar and interchangeable
competitor products or services in standalone sales to similarly situated customers. HP establishes ESP based on management
judgment considering internal factors such as margin objectives, pricing practices and controls, customer segment pricing
strategies and the product life cycle. Consideration is also given to market conditions such as competitor pricing strategies and
technology industry life cycles.
In most arrangements with multiple elements, HP allocates the transaction price to the individual units of accounting at
inception of the arrangement based on their relative selling price. HP limits the amount of revenue recognized for delivered
elements to the amount that is not contingent on the future delivery of products or services, future performance obligations or
subject to customer-specified refund or return rights.
63