Table of contents
where appropriate. For example, we typically assign an account manager to manage relationships across our business with large
enterprise customers. The account manager is supported by a team of specialists with product and services expertise. For other
customers and for consumers, we typically manage direct online sales as well as channel relationships with retailers, while our
business segments collaborate to manage relationships with commercial resellers targeting SMBS where appropriate.
Manufacturing and Materials
We utilize a significant number of outsourced manufacturers (“OMS”) around the world to manufacture HP-designed
products. The use of OMS is intended to generate cost efficiencies and reduce time to market for HP-designed products. We use
multiple OMS to maintain ﬂexibility in our supply chain and manufacturing processes. In some circumstances, third-party
suppliers produce products that we purchase and resell under the HP brand. In addition to our use of OMS, we currently
manufacture a limited number of finished products from components and subassemblies that we acquire from a wide range of
vendors.
We utilize two primary methods of fulﬁlling demand for products: building products to order and configuring products to
order. We build products to order to maximize manufacturing and logistics efficiencies by producing high volumes of basic
product configurations. Alternatively, configuring products to order enables units to match a customer’s particular hardware
and software customization requirements. Our inventory management and distribution practices in both building products to
order and configuring products to order seek to minimize inventory holding periods by taking delivery of the inventory and
manufacturing shortly before the sale or distribution of products to our customers.
We purchase materials, supplies and product subassemblies from a substantial number of vendors. For most of our
products, we have existing alternate sources of supply or such alternate sources of supply are readily available. However, we do
rely on sole sources for laser printer engines, LaserJet supplies, certain customized partS and parts for products with Short life
cycles (although some of these sources have operations in multiple locations in the event of a disruption). For instance, we
source laser printer engines and laser toner cartridges from Canon. Any non-renewal, or limitation or reduction of the scope of
our agreement with Canon could adversely affect our net revenue from LaserJet products; however, we have a long-standing
business relationship with Canon and do not anticipate non-renewal of thiS agreement.
We are dependent upon Intel and AMD as suppliers of x86 processors and Microsoft for variouS software products,
however, we believe that disruptions with these suppliers would result in industry-wide ramifications and therefore would not
disproportionately disadvantage us relative to our competitors. See “Risk Factors—We depend on third-party suppliers, and our
ﬁnancial resultS could suffer if we fail to manage our suppliers effectively,” in Item 1A, which is incorporated herein by
reference.
Like other participants in the information technology (“IT”) industry, we ordinarily acquire materials and components
through a combination of blanket and scheduled purchase orders to support our demand requirements for periods averaging 90
to 120 days. From time to time, we may experience Signiﬁcant price volatility or supply constraints for certain components that
are not available from multiple sources. We also may acquire component inventory in anticipation of supply constraints or enter
into longer-term pricing commitments with vendors to improve the priority, price and availability of supplies. See “Risk
Factors—We depend on third-party suppliers, and our financial resultS could suffer if we fail to manage our suppliers
effectively,” in Item 1A, which iS incorporated herein by reference.
Sustainability also plays a role in the manufacturing and sourcing of materials and components for our products. Some
customer segments expect that our products are made in an ethical and sustainable manner, which we strive to ensure through
our sustainability programs. We have committed to building an efficient and sustainable supplier network, and we collaborate
with our suppliers to improve their labor practices and working conditions, and to reduce the environmental impact of their
operations. These actions, together with our broader sustainability program, help uS in our eﬁort to meet customer sustainability
requirements and comply with regulations, for example, regarding supplier labor practices and conﬂict minerals disclosure.
For more information on our sustainability goals, programs, and performance, we refer you to our annual sustainability report,
available on our website (which is not incorporated by reference herein).
International
Our products and services are available worldwide. We believe this geographic diversity allows uS to meet demand on a
worldwide baSis for both consumer and enterprise customers, draws on business and technical expertise from a worldwide
workforce, provides stability to our operations, provides revenue streams that may oﬂset geographic economic trendS and
offers uS an opportunity to access new markets for maturing products. In addition, we believe that future growth iS dependent in
part on our ability to develop products and saleS models that target developing countries. In thiS regard, we believe that our
broad geographic presence gives us a solid base on which to build such future growth.
6