HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations
ITEM 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) is organized as
follows:
- HP Inc. Separation Transaction. A discussion of the separation of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, HP
Inc. ’3 former enterprise technology infrastructure, software, services and financing businesses.
° Overview. A discussion of our business and other highlights affecting the company to provide context for the
remainder of this MD&A.
- Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. A discussion of accounting policies and estimates that we believe
are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results.
- Results of Operations. An analysis of our continuing financial results comparing fiscal year 2016 to fiscal
year 2015 and fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2014. A discussion of the results of continuing operations is
followed by a more detailed discussion of the results of operations by segment.
- Liquidity and Capital Resources. An analysis of changes in our cash ﬂows and a discussion of our liquidity
and continuing financial condition.
° Contractual and Other Obligations. An overview of contractual obligations, retirement and post-retirement
benefit plan contributions, restructuring plans, uncertain tax positions and off-balance sheet arrangements of
our continuing operations and separation costs.
We intend the discussion of our continuing financial condition and results of continuing operations that follows to provide
information that will assist the reader in understanding our Consolidated Financial Statements, the changes in certain key items
in those financial statements from year to year, and the primary factors that accounted for those changes, as well as how certain
accounting principles, policies and estimates affect our Consolidated Financial Statements. This discussion should be read in
conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this document.
HP Inc. Separation Transaction
On November 1, 2015 (the “Distribution Date”), we completed the separation of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company
(“Hewlett Packard Enterprise”), Hewlett-Packard Company’s former enterprise technology infrastructure, software, services
and financing businesses (the “Separation”). In connection with the Separation, Hewlett-Packard Company changed its name to
HP Inc. (“HP”).
On the Distribution Date, each of our stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 21, 2015 (the “Record
Date”) received one share of Hewlett Packard Enterprise common stock for every one share of our common stock held as of the
Record Date. We distributed a total of approximately 1.8 billion shares of Hewlett Packard Enterprise common stock to our
stockholders. Hewlett Packard Enterprise is an independent public company trading on the New York Stock Exchange
(“NYSE”) under the symbol “HPE”. After the Separation, we do not beneficially own any shares of Hewlett Packard Enterprise
common stock.
In connection with the Separation, we and Hewlett Packard Enterprise have entered into a separation and distribution
agreement as well as various other agreements that provide a framework for the relationships between HP and Hewlett Packard
Enterprise going forward, including among others a tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement, a transition service
agreement, a real estate matters agreement, a master commercial agreement and an information technology service agreement.
31