HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)
Printing net revenue decreased 14.0% (decreased 9.3% on a constant currency basis) for fiscal year 2016. The decline in
net revenue was primarily due to unfavorable currency impacts, weakness in demand, impact from the change in the Supplies
sales model and competitive pricing pressures. These factors resulted in a net revenue decline across Supplies and Consumer
and Commercial Hardware. Net revenue for Supplies decreased 15.1% as compared to the prior-year period, primarily due to
unfavorable currency impacts, demand weakness combined with a competitive pricing environment and impact of the change in
the Supplies sales model. Printer unit volume decreased 12% and ASP increased by 2% as compared to the prior-year period.
Printer unit volume decreased due to weakness in demand, our pricing discipline and focus on placing positive NPV units.
Printer ASP increased primarily due to a favorable mix shift to high-value printers, partially offset by unfavorable currency
impacts.
Net revenue for Commercial Hardware decreased 6% for fiscal year 2016 as compared to the prior—year period primarily
driven by a 6% decline in unit volume and a decrease in other peripheral printing solutions. The unit volume in Commercial
Hardware declined primarily due to a unit volume decline in LaserJet printers. The ASP in Commercial Hardware increased
slightly primarily due to mix shift to high-value printer sales offset by unfavorable currency impacts. Printer unit volume in
Consumer Hardware declined 15%, combined with a decline in other printing solutions largely driven by the divestiture of
Snapfish in the prior-year period and a 9% decline in ASP, resulted in a 30% decline in Consumer Hardware net revenue for
fiscal year 2016 as compared to the prior-year period. The unit volume decline in Consumer Hardware was primarily due to
weakness in demand, our pricing discipline and our continued efforts to place positive NPV units. The ASP in Consumer
Hardware decreased primarily due to unfavorable currency impacts.
Printing earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue decreased by 0.6% percentage points for ﬁscal year 2016
as compared to the prior-year period due to decline in gross margin, partially offset by the gains from the divestiture of certain
software assets. The gross margin decline was primarily due to unfavorable currency impacts and supplies mix, partially oﬂset
by operational improvements and favorable mix of printers. Operating expenses decreased primarily due to the gains from the
divestiture of certain software assets to Open Text Corporation and cost-saving initiatives.
Fiscal Year 2015 compared with Fiscal Year 2014
Printing net revenue decreased 8.5% (decreased 5.1% on a constant currency basis) for fiscal year 2015. The decline in
net revenue was primarily due to unfavorable currency impacts, decline in Supplies, weak market demand and competitive
pricing pressures, the eﬁects of which were partially oﬂset by growth in graphics products. From a regional perspective,
Printing experienced a net revenue decline across all regions, primarily in EMEA and particularly in Russia as a result of
challenges in those markets.
Net revenue for Supplies decreased 6% primarily due to unfavorable currency impacts and demand weakness in toner and
ink, partially offset by growth in graphics supplies. The demand weakness in toner was particularly in EMEA, led by a net
revenue decline in Russia. Printer unit volumes declined 7% while ASP decreased 7%. Printer unit volume declined primarily
due to a decline in LaserJet and home printer units, the effects of which were partially offset by growth in graphics printer units.
The ASP for printers decreased primarily due to a highly competitive pricing environment and unfavorable currency impacts on
Inkj et and LaserJet printers. Net revenue for Commercial Hardware decreased 9% driven by a 7% decline in printer unit
volume and a 4% decline in ASP, partially offset by a net revenue increase in other peripheral solutions. In Commercial
Hardware, the decline in unit volume was primarily due to an overall decline in LaserJet printer units, partially oﬁset by growth
in graphics printer units. The ASP decline in Commercial Hardware was primarily due to a competitive pricing environment
and unfavorable currency impacts. Net revenue for Consumer Hardware decreased 21% driven by a 13% decline in ASP, 7%
decline in unit volume and a decline in other peripheral solutions. The ASP decline in Consumer Hardware was primarily due to
a competitive pricing environment and unfavorable currency impacts. The unit volume decline in Consumer Hardware was
primarily due to lower sales of home and SMB printer units.
Printing earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue declined 0.2 percentage points for fiscal year 2015 due to
a decline in gross margin, partially offset by lower operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue. The decline in gross
margin was primarily due to a competitive pricing environment in hardware and unfavorable currency impacts, the eﬁects of
which were partially offset by a favorable mix of ink and graphics supplies and favorable currency impacts from the Japanese
yen. Operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue decreased primarily due to our cost saving initiatives, lower marketing
expenses, the impact of the divestiture of our photo printing service Snapfish and favorable currency impacts.
43