Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 7: Taxes on Earnings (Continued)
Reports (“RAR”) for its fiscal years 2001, 2002, 2006, 2007 and 2008 tax years. The proposed IRS adjustments for these tax
years would, if sustained, reduce the benefits of tax refund claims HP has ﬁled for net operating loss carrybacks to earlier fiscal
years and tax credit carryforwards to subsequent years by approximately $377 million.
HP is waiting for the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals to rule on HP’s appeal of an adverse US. Tax Court determination
related to IRS adjustments for tax years 1999 through 2003. The US. Tax Court ruled in May 2012 against HP related to
certain tax attributes claimed by HP for the tax years 1999 through 2003. HP appealed the US. Tax Court determination by
filing a formal Notice of Appeal with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. This case was argued before the Ninth Circuit in
November 2016. The Ninth Circuit has not yet issue any determination in this Appeal.
With respect to major state and foreign tax jurisdictions, HP is no longer subject to tax authority examinations for years
prior to 1999. No material tax deficiencies have been assessed in major state or foreign tax jurisdictions as of the reporting
period.
HP believes it has provided adequate reserves for all tax deficiencies or reductions in tax benefits that could result from
federal, state and foreign tax audits. HP regularly assesses the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the
appropriateness of HP’s tax provision. HP adjusts its uncertain tax positions to reﬂect the impact of negotiations, settlements,
rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to a particular audit. However, income tax audits
are inherently unpredictable and there can be no assurance that HP will accurately predict the outcome of these audits. The
amounts ultimately paid on resolution of an audit could be materially different from the amounts previously included in the
Provision for taxes and therefore the resolution of one or more of these uncertainties in any particular period could have a
material impact on net income or cash ﬂows.
HP has not provided for US. federal income and foreign withholding taxes on $20.3 billion of undistributed earnings
from non-US. operations as of October 31, 2016 because HP intends to reinvest such earnings indefinitely outside of the
United States. If HP were to distribute these earnings, foreign tax credits may become available under current law to reduce the
resulting US. income tax liability. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to these earnings
is not practicable. HP will remit non-indefinitely reinvested earnings of its non-U.S. subsidiaries for which deferred US. federal
and withholding taxes have been provided where excess cash has accumulated and HP determines that it is advantageous for
business operations, tax or cash management reasons.
Deferred Income Taxes
The significant components of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities were as follows:
92