Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 11: Financial Instruments (Continued)
hedges. Additionally, for derivatives not designated as hedging instruments, HP categorizes those economic hedges as other
derivatives. HP recognizes all derivative instruments at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. HP classifies cash ﬂows
from its derivative programs with the activities that correspond to the underlying hedged items in the Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows.
As a result of its use of derivative instruments, HP is exposed to the risk that its counterparties will fail to meet their
contractual obligations. Master netting agreements mitigate credit exposure to counterparties by permitting HP to net amounts
due from HP to counterparty against amounts due to HP from the same counterparty under certain conditions. To further limit
credit risk, HP has collateral security agreements that allow HP to hold collateral from, or require HP to post collateral to,
counterparties when aggregate derivative fair values exceed contractually established thresholds which are generally based on
the credit ratings of HP and its counterparties. If HP’s or the counterparty’s credit rating falls below a specified credit rating,
either party has the right to request full collateralization of the derivatives’ net liability position. The fair value of derivatives
with credit contingent features in a net liability position was $2 million and $138 million as of October 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, all of which were fully collateralized within two business days.
Under HP’s derivative contracts, the counterparty can terminate all outstanding trades following a covered change of
control event affecting HP that results in the surviving entity being rated below a specified credit rating. This credit contingent
provision did not affect HP’s financial position or cash ﬂows as of October 31, 2016 and 2015.
Fair Value Hedges
HP enters into fair value hedges, such as interest rate swaps, to reduce the exposure of its debt portfolio to changes in fair
value resulting from changes in interest rates by achieving a primarily US. dollar London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”)-
based ﬂoating interest expense.
For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, HP recognizes the change in fair value of
the derivative instrument, as well as the offsetting change in the fair value of the hedged item, in Interest and other, net in the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings in the period of change.
Cash Flow Hedges
HP uses forward contracts and at times, option contracts designated as cash ﬂow hedges to protect against the foreign
currency exchange rate risks inherent in its forecasted net revenue and, to a lesser extent, cost of revenue, operating expenses,
and intercompany loans denominated in currencies other than the US. dollar. HP’s foreign currency cash ﬂow hedges mature
generally within twelve months; however, hedges related to longer term procurement arrangements extend several years and
forward contracts associated with intercompany loans extend for the duration of the lease or loan term, which typically range
from two to five years.
For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash ﬂow hedges, HP initially records changes in fair value
for the eﬁective portion of the derivative instrument in Accumulated other comprehensive loss as a separate component of
stockholders’ (deficit) equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and subsequently reclassifies these amounts into earnings in
the period during which the hedged transaction is recognized in earnings. HP reports the effective portion of its cash ﬂow
hedges in the same financial statement line item as changes in the fair value of the hedged item.
Net Investment Hedges
HP used forward contracts designated as net investment hedges to hedge net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries
whose functional currency was the local currency. As part of the Separation, HP disposed of all these foreign subsidiaries and
no longer utilizes net investment hedges. HP recorded the effective portion of such derivative instruments together with changes
in the fair value of the hedged items in Cumulative translation adjustment as a separate component of stockholders’ (deficit)
equity.
Other Derivatives
102