Table of contents
variability in our financial results because the rate at which we are able to realize the benefits from those eﬁorts may vary from
period to period.
If we fail to manage the distribution of our products and services properly, our business and financial performance could
suffer.
We use a variety of distribution methods to sell our products and services around the world, including third-party resellers
and distributors and both direct and indirect sales to enterprise accounts and consumers. Successfully managing the interaction
of our direct and indirect channel efforts to reach various potential customer segments for our products and services is a
complex process. Moreover, since each distribution method has distinct risks and gross margins, our failure to implement the
most advantageous balance in the delivery model for our products and services could adversely affect our net revenue and gross
margins and therefore our profitability.
Our financial results could be materially adversely aﬁected due to distribution channel conﬂicts or if the financial
conditions of our channel partners were to weaken. Our results of operations may be adversely aﬁected by any conﬂicts that
might arise between our various distribution channels or the loss or deterioration of any alliance or distribution arrangement or
the loss of retail shelf space. Moreover, some of our wholesale and retail distributors may have insuﬁicient financial resources
and may not be able to withstand changes in business conditions, including economic weakness, industry consolidation and
market trends. Many of our signiﬁcant distributors operate on narrow margins and have been negatively affected by business
pressures in the past. Considerable trade receivables that are not covered by collateral or credit insurance are outstanding with
our distribution and retail channel partners. Net revenue from indirect sales could suffer, and we could experience disruptions
in distribution, if our distributors’ financial conditions, abilities to borrow funds in the credit markets or operations weaken.
Our inventory management is complex, as we continue to sell a significant mix of products through distributors. We must
manage both owned and channel inventory effectively, particularly with respect to sales to distributors, which involves
forecasting demand and pricing challenges. Distributors may increase orders during periods of product shortages, cancel orders
if their inventory is too high or delay orders in anticipation of new products. Distributors also may adjust their orders in
response to the supply of our products and the products of our competitors and seasonal ﬂuctuations in end-user demand. Our
reliance upon indirect distribution methods may reduce our visibility into demand and pricing trends and issues, and therefore
make forecasting more diﬁicult. If we have excess or obsolete inventory, we may have to reduce our prices and write down
inventory. Moreover, our use of indirect distribution channels may limit our willingness or ability to adjust prices quickly and
otherwise to respond to pricing changes by competitors.
We depend on third-party suppliers, and our financial results could suffer if we fail to manage our suppliers effectively.
Our operations depend on our ability to anticipate our needs for components, products and services, as well as our
suppliers’ ability to deliver sufficient quantities of quality components, products and services at reasonable prices and in time
for us to meet critical schedules for the delivery of our own products and services. Given the wide variety of systems, products
and services that we offer, the large number of our suppliers and contract manufacturers that are located around the world, and
the long lead times required to manufacture, assemble and deliver certain components and products, problems could arise in
production, planning and inventory management that could seriously harm our business. In addition, our ongoing eﬂbrts to
optimize the efficiency of our supply chain could cause supply disruptions and be more expensive, time-consuming and
resource intensive than expected. Furthermore, certain of our suppliers may decide to discontinue conducting business with us.
Other supplier problems that we could face include component shortages, excess supply, risks related to the terms of our
contracts with suppliers, risks associated with contingent workers and risks related to our relationships with single source
suppliers, each of which is described below.
15