Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 1: Overview and Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies (Continued)
to limit exposure from any particular institution. As part of its risk management processes, HP performs periodic evaluations of
the relative credit standing of these financial institutions. HP has not sustained material credit losses from instruments held at
these financial institutions. HP utilizes derivative contracts to protect against the eﬁects of foreign currency and interest rate
exposures. Such contracts involve the risk of non-performance by the counterparty, which could result in a material loss. The
likelihood of which HP deems to be remote.
HP sells a significant portion of its products through third-party distributors and resellers and, as a result, maintains
individually significant receivable balances with these parties. If the financial condition or operations of these distributors” and
resellers’ aggregated business deteriorates substantially, HP’s operating results could be adversely aﬁected. The ten largest
distributor and reseller receivable balances, which were concentrated primarily in North America and Europe, collectively
represented approximately 34% and 42% of gross accounts receivable as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. No single
customer accounts for more than 10% of gross accounts receivable as of October 31, 2016 or 2015. Credit risk with respect to
other accounts receivable is generally diversified due to the large number of entities comprising HP’s customer base and their
dispersion across many different industries and geographic regions. HP performs ongoing credit evaluations of the financial
condition of its third-party distributors, resellers and other customers and may require collateral, such as letters of credit and
bank guarantees, in certain circumstances.
HP utilizes outsourced manufacturers around the world to manufacture HP-designed products. HP may purchase product
components from suppliers and sell those components to its outsourced manufacturers thereby creating receivable balances
from the outsourced manufacturers. The three largest outsourced manufacturer receivable balances collectively represented
78% and 81% of HP’s supplier receivables of $774 million and $634 million as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. HP
includes the supplier receivables in Other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets on a gross basis. HP’s credit risk
associated with these receivables is mitigated wholly or in part, by the amount HP owes to these outsourced manufacturers, as
HP generally has the legal right to offset its payables to the outsourced manufacturers against these receivables. HP does not
reﬂect the sale of these components in net revenue and does not recognize any profit on these component sales until the related
products are sold by HP, at which time any profit is recognized as a reduction to cost of revenue.
HP obtains a significant number of components from single source suppliers due to technology, availability, price, quality
or other considerations. The loss of a single source supplier, the deterioration of HP’s relationship with a single source supplier,
or any unilateral modification to the contractual terms under which HP is supplied components by a single source supplier
could adversely affect HP’s net revenue and gross margins.
Upon completion of the Separation on November 1, 2015, HP recorded net income tax indemnification receivables from
Hewlett Packard Enterprise for certain income tax liabilities that HP is jointly and severally liable for, but for which it is
indemnified by Hewlett Packard Enterprise under the tax matters agreement (“TMA”). The actual amount that Hewlett Packard
Enterprise may be obligated to pay HP could vary depending upon the outcome of certain unresolved tax matters, which may
not be resolved for several years. The net receivable as of October 31, 2016 was $1.6 billion.
Inventory
HP values inventory at the lower of cost or market. Cost is computed using standard cost which approximates actual cost
on a first-in, first-out basis. Adjustments to reduce the cost of inventory to its net realizable value are made, if required, for
estimated excess, obsolete or impaired balances.
Property, Plant and Equipment
HP states property, plant and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation. HP capitalizes additions and improvements
and expenses maintenance and repairs as incurred. Depreciation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the
estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated useful lives are five to 40 years for buildings and improvements and three to
15 years for machinery and equipment. HP depreciates leasehold improvements over the life of the lease or the asset, whichever
is shorter. HP depreciates equipment held for lease over the initial term of the lease to the equipment’s estimated residual value.
On retirement or disposition, the asset cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the Consolidated Balance
Sheets with any gain or loss recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
Goodwill
66