Table of contents
failure to successfully transition and assimilate key new hires or promoted employees could adversely affect our business and
results of operations.
System security risks, data protection breaches, cyberattacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal
operations or services provided to customers, and any such disruption could reduce our revenue, increase our expenses,
damage our reputation and adversely affect our stock price.
Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate or
compromise our confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. Computer
programmers and hackers also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that
attack our products or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of our products. In addition, sophisticated hardware and
operating system software and applications that we produce or procure from third-parties may contain defects in design or
manufacture, including “bugs” and other problems that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the system. The costs
to us to eliminate or alleviate cyber or other security problems, including bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs
and other security vulnerabilities, could be significant, and our eﬂbrts to address these problems may not be successful and
could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers that may impede our sales,
manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions.
We manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our business and our
customers. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of
proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us, our clients or our customers, including the potential loss or
disclosure of such information or data as a result of fraud, trickery or other forms of deception, could expose us, our customers
or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for us,
damage our brand and reputation or otherwise harm our business. We also could lose existing or potential customers or incur
signiﬁcant expenses in connection with our customers’ system failures or any actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our
products and services. In addition, the cost and operational consequences of implementing further data protection measures
could be significant.
Portions of our IT infrastructure also may experience interruptions, delays or cessations of service or produce errors in
connection with systems integration or migration work that takes place from time to time. We may not be successful in
implementing new systems and transitioning data, which could cause business disruptions and be more expensive, time-
consuming, disruptive and resource intensive. Such disruptions could adversely impact our ability to fulfill orders and respond
to customer requests and interrupt other processes. Delayed sales, lower margins or lost customers resulting from these
disruptions could reduce our revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation and adversely affect our stock price.
Terrorist acts, conﬂicts, wars and geopolitical uncertainties may seriously harm our business and revenue, costs and
expenses and ﬁnancial condition and stock price.
Terrorist acts, conﬂicts or wars (wherever located around the world) may cause damage or disruption to our business, our
employees, facilities, partners, suppliers, distributors, resellers or customers or adversely affect our ability to manage logistics,
operate our transportation and communication systems or conduct certain other critical business operations. The potential for
future attacks, the national and international responses to attacks or perceived threats to national security, and other actual or
potential conﬂicts or wars have created many economic and political uncertainties. In addition, as a major multinational
company with headquarters and significant operations located in the United States, actions against or by the United States may
impact our business or employees. Although it is impossible to predict the occurrences or consequences of any such events, if
they occur, they could result in a decrease in demand for our products, make it diﬁicult or impossible to provide services or
deliver products to our customers or to receive components from our suppliers, create delays and inefficiencies in our supply
chain and result in the need to impose employee travel restrictions. We are predominantly uninsured for losses and interruptions
caused by terrorist acts, conﬂicts and wars.
24