Table of contents
PART III
ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Ofﬁcers and Corporate Governance.
The names of the executive officers of HP and their ages, titles and biographies as of the date hereof are incorporated by
reference from Part I, Item 1, above.
The following information is included in HP’s Proxy Statement related to its 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
ﬁled within 120 days after HP’s fiscal year end of October 31, 2016 (the “Proxy Statement”) and is incorporated herein by
reference:
- Information regarding directors of HP who are standing for reelection and any persons nominated to become
directors of HP is set forth under “Proposals to be Voted On—Proposal No. l—Election of Directors.”
- Information regarding HP’s Audit Committee and designated “audit committee financial experts” is set forth
under “Board Structure and Committee Composition—Audit Committee.”
- Information on HP’s code of business conduct and ethics for directors, officers and employees, also known as the
“Standards of Business Conduct,” and on HP’s Corporate Governance Guidelines is set forth under “Corporate
Governance Principles and Board Matters.”
- Information regarding Section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance is set forth under “Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance.”
ITEM 11. Executive Compensation.
The following information is included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference:
- Information regarding HP’s compensation of its named executive officers is set forth under “Executive
Compensation.”
- Information regarding HP’s compensation of its directors is set forth under “Director Compensation and Stock
Ownership Guidelines.”
- The report of HP’s HR and Compensation Committee is set forth under “HR and Compensation Committee
Report on Executive Compensation.”
ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneﬁcial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
The following information is included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference:
- Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners, directors and executive officers is set forth
under “Common Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.”
- Information regarding HP’s equity compensation plans, including both stockholder approved plans and non-
stockholder approved plans, is set forth in the section entitled “Equity Compensation Plan Information.”
ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.
The following information is included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference:
- Information regarding transactions with related persons is set forth under “Transactions with Related Persons.”
- Information regarding director independence is set forth under “Corporate Governance Principles and Board
Matters—Director Independence.”
ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.
Information regarding principal accounting fees and services is set forth under “Principal Accounting Fees and Services”
in the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference.
123