Table of contents
Commercial PCs are optimized for use by customers including enterprise and SMB customers, with a focus on robust
designs, security, serviceability, connectivity, reliability and manageability in networked environments. Commercial PCs
include the HP ProBook and HP EliteBook lines of notebooks and hybrids (detachable tablets), the HP Pro and HP Elite lines of
business desktops and all-in-ones, retail POS systems, HP Thin Clients, HP ElitePad, HP Pro Tablet PCs and HP Chromebook.
Commercial PCs also include workstations that are designed and optimized for high-performance and demanding application
environments including Z desktop workstations, Z all-in—ones and Z mobile workstations. Additionally, we offer a range of
services and solutions to enterprise and SMB customers to help them manage the lifecycle of their PC and mobility installed
base.
Consumer PCs are notebooks, desktops and hybrids that are optimized for consumer usage, focusing on multi-media
consumption, online browsing and light productivity and include the HP Spectre, HP Envy, HP Pavilion, HP Chromebook,
Omen by HP, hybrids and all-in—one desktops.
Printing
Printing provides consumer and commercial printer hardware, supplies, media, solutions and services, as well as scanning
devices. Printing is also focused on imaging solutions in the commercial markets. HP groups LaserJet, Graphics and PageWide
printers into Commercial Hardware and Consumer and Inkj et printers into Consumer Hardware when describing performance
in these markets. Described below are our global business capabilities within Printing.
LaserJet and Enterprise Solutions delivers our LaserJet printers, supplies and solutions to SMBs and large enterprises.
We go to market through our extensive channel network and directly with HP sales. Ongoing key initiatives include design and
deployment of A3 products and solutions for the copier and multifunction printer market, printer security solutions, PageWide
Enterprise solutions and award-winning JetIntelligence products.
Inlg‘et and Printing Solutions delivers our consumer, SMB and PageWide Inkj et solutions (hardware, supplies, media, and
web-connected hardware and services). Ongoing initiatives and programs such as Instant Ink and newer initiatives such as
Continuous Ink Supply System provide innovative printing solutions to consumers and SMBs.
Graphics Solutions delivers large format printers (DesignJet, Large Format Production and Scitex Industrial), specialty
printing, digital press solutions (Indigo and PageWide Presses), supplies and services to print service providers and design and
rendering customers.
Print Solutions provides end-to-end services, as well as core platforms to develop and deploy services across printing
systems. HP’s focus includes driving customer value through managed print services and providing support solutions for new
and existing customers.
3D Printing delivers HP’s Multi-Jet Fusion 3D Printing Solution designed for prototyping and production of functional
parts and functioning on an open platform facilitating the development of new 3D printing materials.
Corporate Investments
Corporate Investments includes HP Labs and certain business incubation projects.
Sales, Marketing and Distribution
We manage our business and report our ﬁnancial results based on the business segments described above. Our customers
are organized by consumer and commercial groups, and purchases of HP products, solutions and services may be fulfilled
directly by HP or indirectly through a variety of partners, including:
- retailers that sell our products to the public through their own physical or Internet stores;
- resellers that sell our products and services, frequently with their own value-added products or services, to
targeted customer groups;
- distribution partners that supply our solutions to resellers; and
° system integrators and other advisory firms that provide various levels of management and IT consulting,
including some systems integration work, and typically partner with us on client solutions that require our unique
products and services.
The mix of our business conducted by direct sales or channel differs substantially by business and region. We believe that
customer buying patterns and diﬁerent regional market conditions require us to tailor our sales, marketing and distribution
efforts accordingly. We are focused on driving the depth and breadth of our coverage, in addition to identifying efficiencies and
productivity gains, in both our direct and indirect businesses. While each of our key business segments manage the execution of
its own go-to-market and distribution strategy, our business segments also collaborate to ensure strategic and process alignment
5