Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 6: Stock-Based Compensation
HP’s stock-based compensation plans include incentive compensation plans and an employee stock purchase plan
(“ESPP”).
Stock-Based Compensation Expense and Related Income Tax Beneﬁts for Continuing Operations
Stock-based compensation expense and the resulting tax benefits for continuing operations were as follows:
For the ﬁscal years
7 ended October 31 7
: 2016 7 7 2015 7 7 2014
In millions
j Stock-based compensation expense $ 182 $ 212 $ 196 ‘
Income tax benefit 7 (63) 7 (62) 7 (65)
jStock—based compensation expense, net of tax $ 119 _ $ 150 _ $ 131 l
In connection with the Separation and in accordance with the employee matters agreement, HP has made certain
adjustments to the exercise price and number of stock-based compensation awards with the intention of preserving the intrinsic
value of the awards prior to the Separation. Exercisable and non-exercisable stock options have been converted to similar
awards of the entity where the employee is working post-separation. Restricted stock unit awards and performance-contingent
awards have been adjusted to provide holders with restricted stock units awards and performance-contingent awards in the
company that employs such employee following the Separation. The pre-tax stock-based compensation expense due to the
adjustments was $2 million in fiscal year 2016. All outstanding restricted stock awards and stock options for employees
transferred to Hewlett Packard Enterprise were cancelled in connection with the Separation. The restricted stock awards activity
and stock options activity for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 in the tables below include discontinued operations, as the awards
were not cancelled until the Separation became effective in the ﬁrst quarter of fiscal year 2016.
In connection with the Separation, the Board of Directors approved amendments to certain outstanding long-term
incentive awards on July 29, 2015. The amendments provided for the accelerated vesting on September 17, 2015 of certain
stock-based awards that were otherwise scheduled to vest between September 18, 2015 and December 31, 2015. The pre-tax
stock-based compensation expense due to the acceleration for continuing operations was approximately $23 million in ﬁscal
year 2015.
Cash received from option exercises and purchases under the Hewlett-Packard Company 2011 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan (the “2011 ESPP”) was $48 million in fiscal year 2016, $206 million in fiscal year 2015 and $143 million in fiscal year
2014. The beneﬁt realized for the tax deduction from option exercises in fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $9 million, $30
million and $9 million, respectively.
Stock-Based Incentive Compensation Plans
HP’s stock-based incentive compensation plans include equity plans adopted in 2004 and 2000, as amended (“principal
equity plans”), as well as various equity plans assumed through acquisitions under which stock-based awards are outstanding.
Stock-based awards granted from the principal equity plans include restricted stock awards, stock options and performance—
based awards. Employees meeting certain employment qualifications are eligible to receive stock-based awards.
Restricted stock awards are non-vested stock awards that may include grants of restricted stock or restricted stock units.
Restricted stock awards and cash-settled awards are generally subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to the lapse
of the restrictions. Such awards generally vest one to three years from the date of grant. During the vesting period, ownership of
the restricted stock cannot be transferred. Restricted stock has the same dividend and voting rights as common stock and is
considered to be issued and outstanding upon grant. The dividends paid on restricted stock are non-forfeitable. Restricted stock
units do not have the voting rights of common stock, and the shares underlying restricted stock units are not considered issued
and outstanding upon grant. However, shares underlying restricted stock units are included in the calculation of diluted net EPS.
Restricted stock units have forfeitable dividend equivalent rights equal to the dividend paid on common stock. HP expenses the
fair value of restricted stock awards ratably over the period during which the restrictions lapse. The majority of restricted stock
85