Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 14: Earnings Per Share (Continued)
(2) HP excludes stock options and restricted stock units where the assumed proceeds exceed the average market price from
the calculation of diluted net EPS, because their effect would be anti-dilutive. The assumed proceeds of a stock option
include the sum of its exercise price, average unrecognized compensation cost and excess tax beneﬁts. The assumed
proceeds of a restricted stock unit include the sum of its average unrecognized compensation cost and excess tax benefits.
Note 15: Litigation and Contingencies
HP is involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings, including those identified below, consisting of IP,
commercial, securities, employment, employee benefits and environmental matters that arise in the ordinary course of business.
HP accrues a liability when management believes that it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of
loss can be reasonably estimated. HP believes it has recorded adequate provisions for any such matters and, as of October 31,
2016, it was not reasonably possible that a material loss had been incurred in excess of the amounts recognized in HP’s
financial statements. HP reviews these matters at least quarterly and adjusts its accruals to reﬂect the impact of negotiations,
settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to a particular case. Pursuant to the
separation and distribution agreement, HP shares responsibility with Hewlett Packard Enterprise for certain matters, as
indicated below, and Hewlett Packard Enterprise has agreed to indemnify HP in whole or in part with respect to certain matters.
Based on its experience, HP believes that any damage amounts claimed in the specific matters discussed below are not a
meaningful indicator of HP’s potential liability. Litigation is inherently unpredictable. However, HP believes it has valid
defenses with respect to legal matters pending against it. Nevertheless, cash ﬂows or results of operations could be materially
affected in any particular period by the resolution of one or more of these contingencies.
Litigation, Proceedings and Investigations
Comﬁght Levies. Proceedings are ongoing or have been concluded involving HP in certain European countries,
including litigation in Belgium and other countries, seeking to impose or modify levies upon equipment (such as multifunction
devices (“MFDS”) and PCs), alleging that these devices enable the production of private copies of copyrighted materials. The
levies are generally based upon the number of products sold and the per-product amounts of the levies, which vary. Some
European countries that do not yet have levies on digital devices are expected to implement similar legislation to enable them to
extend existing levy schemes, while other European countries have phased out levies or are expected to limit the scope of levy
schemes and applicability in the digital hardware environment, particularly with respect to sales to business users. HP, other
companies and various industry associations have opposed the extension of levies to the digital environment and have
advocated alternative models of compensation to rights holders.
Reprobel, a cooperative society with the authority to collect and distribute the remuneration for reprography to Belgian
copyright holders, requested by extrajudicial means that HP amend certain copyright levy declarations submitted for inkj et
MFDs sold in Belgium from January 2005 to December 2009 to enable it to collect copyright levies calculated based on the
generally higher copying speed when the MFDs are operated in draft print mode rather than when operated in normal print
mode. In March 2010, HP filed a lawsuit against Reprobel in the French-speaking chambers of the Court of First Instance of
Brussels seeking a declaratory judgment that no copyright levies are payable on sales of MFDs in Belgium or, alternatively, that
copyright levies payable on such MFDs must be assessed based on the copying speed when operated in the normal print mode
set by default in the device. On November 16, 2012, the court issued a decision holding that Belgium law is not in conformity
with EU law in a number of respects and ordered that, by November 2013, Reprobel substantiate that the amounts claimed by
Reprobel are commensurate with the harm resulting from legitimate copying under the reprographic exception. HP
subsequently appealed that court decision to the Courts of Appeal in Brussels seeking to confirm that the Belgian law is not in
conformity with EU law and that, if Belgian law is interpreted in a manner consistent with EU law, no payments by HP are
required or, alternatively, the payments already made by HP are sufficient to comply with its obligations under Belgian law. On
October 23, 2013, the Court of Appeal in Brussels stayed the proceedings and referred several questions to the CJ EU relating to
whether the Belgian reprographic copyright levies system is in conformity with EU law. The case was heard by the CJEU on
January 29, 2015 and on November 12, 2015, the CJEU published its judgment providing that a national legislation such as the
Belgian one at issue in the main proceedings is incompatible with EU law on multiple legal points, as argued by HP. The Court
of Appeal in Brussels now has to rule on the litigation between HP and Reprobel following the answers provided by the CJEU.
112