Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1: Overview and Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Overview
On November 1, 2015 (the “Distribution Date”), Hewlett-Packard Company completed the separation of Hewlett Packard
Enterprise Company (“Hewlett Packard Enterprise”), Hewlett-Packard Company’s former enterprise technology infrastructure,
software, services and financing businesses (the “Separation”). In connection with the Separation, Hewlett-Packard Company
changed its name to HP Inc. (“HP”).
On the Distribution Date, each of HP’s stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 21, 2015 (the
“Record Date”) received one share of Hewlett Packard Enterprise common stock for every one share of HP common stock held
as of the Record Date. Hewlett Packard Enterprise is an independent public company trading on the New York Stock Exchange
(“NYSE”) under the symbol “HPE”. HP distributed a total of approximately 1.8 billion shares of Hewlett Packard Enterprise
common stock to HP’s stockholders. After the Separation, HP does not beneficially own any shares of Hewlett Packard
Enterprise common stock.
In connection with the Separation, HP and Hewlett Packard Enterprise entered into a separation and distribution
agreement as well as various other agreements that provide a framework for the relationships between the parties, including
among others a tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement, a transition service agreement, a real estate matters
agreement, a master commercial agreement and an information technology service agreement. For more information on the
impacts of these agreements, see Note 5, “Retirement and Post—Retirement Benefit Plans”, Note 6, “Stock-Based
Compensation”, Note 7, “Taxes on Earnings”, Note 15, “Litigation and Contingencies” and Note 16,
“Guarantees, Indemnifications and Warranties”.
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements of HP and its wholly-owned subsidiaries are prepared in
conformity with United States (“US”) generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). For all the periods prior to the
Separation, the financial results of Hewlett Packard Enterprise are presented as net earnings from discontinued operations in the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings and assets and liabilities from discontinued operations in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. The historical statements of comprehensive income and cash ﬂows and the balances related to stockholders’ (deficit)
equity have not been revised to reﬂect the effect of the Separation. For further information on discontinued operations, see
Note 2, “Discontinued Operations”.
Principles of Consolidation
The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of HP and its subsidiaries and aﬁiliates in which HP has a
controlling financial interest or is the primary beneficiary. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with US. GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that aﬁect the amounts reported in HP’s Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Actual
results could differ materially from those estimates.
Foreign Currency Translation
HP uses the US. dollar as its functional currency. Assets and liabilities denominated in non-US. dollars are remeasured
into US. dollars at current exchange rates for monetary assets and liabilities and at historical exchange rates for nonmonetary
assets and liabilities. Net revenue, costs and expenses denominated in non-US. dollars are recorded in US. dollars at monthly
average exchange rates prevailing during the period. HP includes gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement in
Interest and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
61