Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 1: Overview and Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies (Continued)
HP reviews goodwill for impairment annually during its fourth quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying amount of goodwill may not be recoverable. HP can opt to perform a qualitative assessment to test a
reporting unit’s goodwill for impairment or HP can directly perform the two-step impairment test. Based on the qualitative
assessment, if HP determines that the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood of more than 50
percent) to be less than its carrying amount, the two-step impairment test will be performed.
In the first step of the impairment test, HP compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount with the
fair values derived most significantly from the income approach, and to a lesser extent, the market approach. Under the income
approach, HP estimates the fair value of a reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash ﬂows. HP bases
cash ﬂow projections on management’s estimates of revenue growth rates and operating margins, taking into consideration
industry and market conditions. HP bases the discount rate on the weighted-average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant risk
associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the reporting unit’s ability to execute on the
projected cash ﬂows. Under the market approach, HP estimates fair value based on market multiples of revenue and earnings
derived from comparable publicly-traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics as the reporting unit.
HP weights the fair value derived from the market approach depending on the level of comparability of these publicly-traded
companies to the reporting unit. When market comparables are not meaningful or not available, HP estimates the fair value of a
reporting unit using only the income approach.
In order to assess the reasonableness of the estimated fair value of HP’s reporting units, HP compares the aggregate
reporting unit fair value to HP’s market capitalization on an overall basis and calculates an implied control premium (the excess
of the sum of the reporting units” fair value over HP’s market capitalization on an overall basis). HP evaluates the control
premium by comparing it to observable control premiums from recent comparable transactions. If the implied control premium
is determined to not be reasonable in light of these recent transactions, HP reevaluates its reporting unit fair values, which may
result in an adjustment to the discount rate and/or other assumptions. This reevaluation could result in a change to the estimated
fair value for certain or all reporting units.
If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds the carrying amount of the net assets assigned to that reporting unit, goodwill
is not impaired and no further testing is required. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then HP
performs the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. In the second step,
HP measures the reporting unit’s assets, including any unrecognized intangible assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests at
fair value in a hypothetical analysis to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill for the reporting unit in the same manner as
if the reporting unit was being acquired in a business combination. If the implied fair value of the reporting unit’s goodwill is
less than its carrying amount, the difference is recorded as an impairment loss.
Debt and Marketable Equity Securities Investments
Debt and marketable equity securities are generally considered available-for—sale and are reported at fair value with
unrealized gains and losses, net of applicable taxes, in Accumulated other comprehensive loss in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. Realized gains and losses for available-for—sale securities are calculated based on the specific identification method and
included in Interest and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. HP monitors its investment portfolio for potential
impairment on a quarterly basis. When the carrying amount of an investment in debt securities exceeds its fair value and the
decline in value is determined to be other-than—temporary (i.e., when HP does not intend to sell the debt securities and it is not
more likely than not that HP will be required to sell the debt securities prior to anticipated recovery of its amortized cost basis),
HP records an impairment charge to Interest and other, net in the amount of the credit loss and the remaining amount, if any, is
recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Derivatives
HP uses derivative instruments, primarily forwards, swaps, and at times, options, to hedge certain foreign currency and
interest rate exposures. HP also may use other derivative instruments not designated as hedges, such as forwards used to hedge
foreign currency balance sheet exposures. HP does not use derivative instruments for speculative purposes. See Note 11,
“Financial Instruments” for a full description of HP’s derivative financial instrument activities and related accounting policies.
Loss Contingencies
67