Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 15: Litigation and Contingencies (Continued)
Based on industry opposition to the extension of levies to digital products, HP’s assessments of the merits of various
proceedings and HP’s estimates of the number of units impacted and the amounts of the levies, HP has accrued amounts that it
believes are adequate to address the ongoing disputes.
Hewlett-Packard Company v. Oracle Corporation. On June 15, 2011, HP filed suit against Oracle Corporation
(“Oracle”) in California Superior Court in Santa Clara County in connection with Oracle’s March 2011 announcement that it
was discontinuing software support for HP’s Itanium-based line of mission critical servers. HP asserted, among other things,
that Oracle’s actions breached the contract that was signed by the parties as part of the settlement of the litigation relating to
Oracle’s hiring of Mark Hurd. The matter eventually progressed to trial, which was bifurcated into two phases. HP prevailed in
the first phase of the trial, in which the court ruled that the contract at issue required Oracle to continue to oﬁer its software
products on HP’s Itanium-based servers for as long as HP decided to sell such servers. The second phase of the trial was then
postponed by Oracle’s appeal of the trial court’s denial of Oracle’s “anti-SLAPP” motion, in which Oracle argued that HP’s
damages claim infringed on Oracle’s First Amendment rights. On August 27, 2015, the California Court of Appeals rejected
Oracle’s appeal. The matter was remanded to the trial court for the second phase of the trial, which began on May 23, 2016 and
was submitted to the jury on June 29, 2016. On June 30, 2016, the jury returned a verdict in favor of HP, awarding HP
approximately $3.0 billion in damages, which included approximately$1.7 billion for past lost profits and $1.3 billion for future
lost profits. On October 20, 2016, the court entered judgment for HP for this amount with interest accruing until the judgment is
paid. Oracle has filed a motion for a new trial and has publicly stated that it will appeal the jury’s verdict. HP expects that any
appeals process could take several years to complete. Litigation is unpredictable, and there can be no assurance that HP will
recover damages, or that any award of damages will be for the amount awarded by the jury’s verdict. The amount ultimately
awarded, if any, would be recorded in the period received. No adjustment has been recorded in the financial statements in
relation to this potential award. Pursuant to the terms of the separation and distribution agreement, HP and Hewlett Packard
Enterprise will share equally in any recovery from Oracle once Hewlett Packard Enterprise has been reimbursed for all costs
incurred in the prosecution of the action prior to the Separation.
F orsyth, et al. VS. HP Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise. This is a purported class and collective action filed on
August 18, 2016 in the United States District Court, Northern District of California, against HP and Hewlett Packard Enterprise
alleging the defendants violated the Federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act (“ADEA”), the California Fair
Employment and Housing Act, California public policy and the California Business and Professions Code by terminating older
workers and replacing them with younger workers. Plaintiffs seek to certify a nationwide collective class action under the
ADEA comprised of all US. residents employed by defendants who had their employment terminated pursuant to a workforce
reduction (“WFR”) plan on or after May 23, 2012 and who were 40 years of age or older. Plaintiffs also seek to represent a Rule
23 class under California law comprised of all persons 40 years or older employed by defendants in the state of California and
terminated pursuant to a WP R plan on or after May 23, 2012. On November 14, 2016, the defendants filed a partial motion to
dismiss and a motion to compel arbitration as to one plaintiff. On November 15, 2016, the defendants filed a motion to strike
the class definition so as to shorten the class period.
India Directorate of Revenue Intelligence Proceeding; On April 30 and May 10, 2010, the India Directorate of
Revenue Intelligence (the “DRI”) issued show cause notices to Hewlett-Packard India Sales Private Limited (“HP India”), a
subsidiary of HP, seven HP India employees and one former HP India employee alleging that HP India underpaid customs
duties while importing products and spare parts into India and seeking to recover an aggregate of approximately $370 million,
plus penalties. Prior to the issuance of the show cause notices, HP India deposited approximately $16 million with the DRI and
agreed to post a provisional bond in exchange for the DRI’s agreement to not seize HP India products and spare parts and to not
interrupt the transaction of business by HP India.
On April 11, 2012, the Bangalore Commissioner of Customs issued an order on the products-related show cause notice
affirming certain duties and penalties against HP India and the named individuals of approximately $386 million, of which HP
India had already deposited $9 million. On December 11, 2012, HP India voluntarily deposited an additional $10 million in
connection with the products-related show cause notice. The differential duty demand is subject to interest. On April 20, 2012,
the Commissioner issued an order on the parts-related show cause notice affirming certain duties and penalties against HP India
and certain of the named individuals of approximately $17 million, of which HP India had already deposited $7 million. After
the order, HP India deposited an additional $3 million in connection with the parts-related show cause notice so as to avoid
certain penalties.
113