Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 10: Fair Value (Continued)
Valuation Techniques
Cash Equivalents and Investments: HP holds time deposits, money market funds, mutual funds, other debt securities
primarily consisting of corporate and foreign government notes and bonds, and common stock and equivalents. HP values cash
equivalents and equity investments using quoted market prices, alternative pricing sources, including NAV, or models utilizing
market observable inputs. The fair value of debt investments was based on quoted market prices or model-driven valuations
using inputs primarily derived from or corroborated by observable market data, and, in certain instances, valuation models that
utilize assumptions which cannot be corroborated with observable market data.
Derivative Instruments: HP uses forward contracts, interest rate and total return swaps and at times, option contracts to
hedge certain foreign currency and interest rate exposures. HP uses industry standard valuation models to measure fair value.
Where applicable, these models project future cash ﬂows and discount the future amounts to present value using market-based
observable inputs, including interest rate curves, HP and counterparty credit risk, foreign exchange rates, and forward and spot
prices for currencies and interest rates. See Note 11, “Financial Instruments” for a further discussion of HP’s use of derivative
instruments.
Other Fair Value Disclosures
Short— and Long-Term Debt: HP estimates the fair value of its debt primarily using an expected present value technique,
which is based on observable market inputs using interest rates currently available to companies of similar credit standing for
similar terms and remaining maturities, and considering its own credit risk. The portion of HP’s debt that is hedged is reﬂected
in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as an amount equal to the debt’s carrying amount and a fair value adjustment representing
changes in the fair value of the hedged debt obligations arising from movements in benchmark interest rates. The estimated fair
value of HP’s short— and long-term debt was $7.1 billion at October 31, 2016 compared to its carrying amount of $6.8 billion at
that date. The estimated fair value of HP’s short— and long-term debt approximated its carrying value of $8.9 billion at
October 31, 2015. If measured at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, short— and long-term debt would be classified in
Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
Other Financial Instruments: For the balance of HP’s financial instruments, primarily accounts receivable, accounts
payable and financial liabilities included in other accrued liabilities, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their
short maturities. If measured at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, these other financial instruments would be
classified in Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
Non-Marketable Equity Investments and Non-Financial Assets: HP’s non-marketable equity investments and non-
financial assets, such as intangible assets, goodwill and property, plant and equipment, are recorded at fair value in the period
an impairment charge is recognized. If measured at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, these would generally be
classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
100