Table of contents
From time to time, we may use forward contracts and options designated as cash ﬂow hedges to protect against foreign
currency exchange rate risks. The effectiveness of our hedges depends on our ability to accurately forecast future cash ﬂows,
which is particularly diﬂicult during periods of uncertain demand for our products and services and highly volatile exchange
rates. We may incur significant losses from our hedging activities due to factors such as demand volatility and currency
variations. In addition, certain or all of our hedging activities may be ineffective, may expire and not be renewed or may not
offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial impact resulting from currency variations. Losses associated with
hedging activities also may impact our revenue, financial condition and, to a lesser extent, our cost of sales.
Recent global, regional and local economic weakness and uncertainty could adversely affect our business and financial
performance.
Our business and financial performance depend significantly on worldwide economic conditions and the demand for
technology products and services in the markets in which we compete. Recent economic weakness and uncertainty in various
markets throughout the world have resulted, and may result in the future, in decreased net revenue, gross margin, earnings or
growth rates and in increased expenses and difficulty in managing inventory levels. For example, we are continuing to
experience macroeconomic weakness across many geographic regions, particularly in the Europe, the Middle East and Africa
region, China and certain other high-growth markets. Ongoing US. federal government spending limits may continue to reduce
demand for our products and services from organizations that receive funding from the US. government, and could negatively
affect macroeconomic conditions in the United States, which could further reduce demand for our products and services. Brexit
and the uncertainty surrounding the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union has also begun to negatively impact
markets and cause weaker macroeconomic conditions that could continue for the foreseeable future.
Economic weakness and uncertainty may adversely affect demand for our products and services, may result in increased
expenses due to higher allowances for doubtful accounts and potential goodwill and asset impairment charges, and may make it
more difficult for us to make accurate forecasts of revenue, gross margin, cash ﬂows and expenses.
We also have experienced, and may experience in the future, gross margin declines in certain businesses, reﬂecting the
effect of items such as competitive pricing pressures and increases in component and manufacturing costs resulting from higher
labor and material costs borne by our manufacturers and suppliers that, as a result of competitive pricing pressures or other
factors, we are unable to pass on to our customers. In addition, our business may be disrupted if we are unable to obtain
equipment, parts or components from our suppliers—and our suppliers from their suppliers—due to the insolvency of key
suppliers or the inability of key suppliers to obtain credit.
Economic weakness and uncertainty could cause our expenses to vary materially from our expectations. Any financial
turmoil affecting the banking system and financial markets or any significant financial services institution failures could
negatively impact our treasury operations, as the financial condition of such parties may deteriorate rapidly and without notice
in times of market volatility and disruption. Poor financial performance of asset markets combined with lower interest rates and
the adverse effects of ﬂuctuating currency exchange rates could lead to higher pension and post-retirement benefit expenses.
Interest and other expenses could vary materially from expectations depending on changes in interest rates, borrowing costs,
currency exchange rates, costs of hedging activities and the fair value of derivative instruments. Economic downturns also may
lead to future restructuring actions and associated expenses.
The net revenue and proﬁtability of our operations have historically varied, which makes our future ﬁnancial results less
predictable.
Our net revenue, gross margin and proﬁt vary among our diverse products and services, customer groups and geographic
markets and therefore will likely be different in future periods than our current results. Our net revenue depends on the overall
demand for our products and services. Delays or reductions in hardware and related services spending by our customers or
potential customers could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and services, which could result in a
significant decline in net revenue. In addition, net revenue declines in some of our businesses may affect net revenue in our
other businesses as we may lose cross-selling opportunities. Overall gross margins and profitability in any given period are
dependent partially on the product, service, customer and geographic mix reﬂected in that period’s net revenue. Competition,
lawsuits, investigations, increases in component and manufacturing costs that we are unable to pass on to our customers,
component supply disruptions and other risks affecting those businesses therefore may have a significant impact on our overall
gross margin and profitability. In addition, newer geographic markets may be relatively less profitable due to our investments
associated with entering those markets and local pricing pressures, and we may have difﬁculty establishing and maintaining the
operating infrastructure necessary to support the high growth rate associated with some of those markets. Market trends,
industry shifts, competitive pressures, commoditization of products, increased component or shipping costs, regulatory impacts
and other factors may result in reductions in revenue or pressure on gross margins in a given period, which may lead to
adjustments to our operations. Moreover, our efforts to address the challenges facing our business could increase the level of
14