Table of contents
The Separation could result in substantial tax liability.
We obtained an opinion of outside counsel that, for US. federal income tax purposes, the Separation qualified, for both
the company and our stockholders, as a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of Sections 368(d)(l)(D) and 355 of the
US. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. In addition, we obtained a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue
Service (the “IRS”) and opinions of outside counsel regarding certain matters impacting the US. federal income tax treatment
of the Separation for the company and certain related transactions as transactions that are generally tax-free for US. federal
income tax purposes. The opinions of outside counsel and the IRS private letter ruling were based, among other things, on
various factual assumptions we have authorized and representations we have made to outside counsel and the IRS. If any of
these assumptions or representations are, or become, inaccurate or incomplete, reliance on the opinions and IRS private letter
ruling may be affected. An opinion of outside counsel represents their legal judgment but is not binding on the IRS or any
court. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not challenge the conclusions reﬂected in the opinions or that a
court would not sustain such a challenge. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we incurred certain tax costs in connection with the
Separation, including non-US. tax expenses resulting from the Separation in multiple non-U.S. jurisdictions that do not legally
provide for tax-free Separation, which may be material. If the Separation or certain internal transactions undertaken in
anticipation of the Separation are determined to be taxable for US. federal income tax purposes, we and/or our stockholders
that are subject to US. federal income tax could incur significant US. federal income tax liabilities.
We 0r Hewlett Packard Enterprise may fail to perform antler the transaction agreements executed as part of the Separation.
In connection with the Separation, we and Hewlett Packard Enterprise entered into several agreements, including among
others a transition services agreement, a separation and distribution agreement, a tax matters agreement, an employee matters
agreement, a real estate matters agreement, a commercial agreement and an IT service agreement. The transition services
agreement provides for the performance of certain services by each company for the benefit of the other for a transition period
after the Separation. The separation and distribution agreement, tax matters agreement, employee matters agreement and real
estate matters agreement determine the allocation of assets and liabilities between the companies following the Separation for
those respective areas and include any necessary indemnifications related to liabilities and obligations. The commercial
agreement establishes a bilateral relationship between Hewlett Packard Enterprise and us for the purchase and sale of
commercially available products and services for internal use, incorporation and bundling in OEM products and services, resale
to customers and use in the provision of managed services to customers, as well as joint customer pursuits and joint
development activities. The IT service agreement provides for the performance by one of Hewlett Packard Enterprise’s
subsidiaries of certain application development and maintenance and IT infrastructure services for us. We will rely on Hewlett
Packard Enterprise to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these agreements. If Hewlett Packard Enterprise is
unable to satisfy its obligations under these agreements, we could incur operational diﬁiculties or losses that could have a
material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.
None.
ITEM 2. Properties.
As of October 31, 2O 16, we owned or leased approximately 21 million square feet of space worldwide, a summary of
which is provided below.
Fiscal year ended
October 31, 2016
Owned Leased Total
: (square feet in millions) :
[Administration and support 3.9 5.6 9.5 1
(Percentage) 41% 59% 100%
[Core data centers, manufacturing plants, research and development I
facilities and warehouse operations 2.4 6.3 8.7
(Percentage) 7 28%,: 72%,: 100%,
I Total“) * 6.3 ” 11.9 ” 18.2 '|
(Percentage) 35% 65% 100%
(1) Excludes 3 million square feet of vacated space, of which 2 million square feet is leased to third parties.
26