Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 15: Litigation and Contingencies (Continued)
enriched and violated Sections 25402 and 25403 of the California Corporations Code. On May 3, 2013, the lead plaintiff filed a
consolidated complaint alleging, among other things, that the defendants concealed material information and made false
statements related to HP’s acquisition of Autonomy and Autonomy’s Intelligent Data Operating Layer technology and thereby
violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act, breached their fiduciary duties, engaged in “abuse of control” over HP,
corporate waste and were unjustly enriched. The litigation was stayed until June 2014. The lead plaintiﬁ filed a stipulation of
proposed settlement on June 30, 2014. The court declined to grant preliminary approval to this settlement, and, on
December 19, 2014, also declined to grant preliminary approval to a revised version of the settlement. On January 22, 2015, the
lead plaintiff moved for preliminary approval of a further revised version of the settlement. On March 13, 2015, the court issued
an order granting preliminary approval to the settlement. On July 24, 2015, the court held a hearing to entertain any remaining
objections to the settlement and decide whether to grant final approval of the settlement. On July 30, 2015, the court granted
final approval to the settlement and denied all remaining objections to the settlement. Three objectors to the settlement appealed
the court’s final approval order to the Ninth Circuit. Plaintiffs-appellants filed their opening briefs on December 30, 2015. HP’s
response brief was filed on February 29, 2016, and the reply briefs were filed on May 12, 2016.
- Autonomy Corporation Limited V. Michael Lynch and Sushovan Hussain. On April 17, 2015, four HP
subsidiaries (Autonomy Corporation Limited, Hewlett Packard Vision BV, Autonomy Systems, Limited, and Autonomy, Inc.)
initiated civil proceedings in the UK. High Court of Justice against two members of Autonomy’s former management, Michael
Lynch and Sushovan Hussain. The Particulars of Claim seek damages in excess of $5 billion from Messrs. Lynch and Hussain
for breach of their fiduciary duties by causing Autonomy group companies to engage in improper transactions and accounting
practices. On October 1, 2015, Messrs. Lynch and Hussain filed their defenses. Mr. Lynch also filed a counterclaim against
Autonomy Corporation Limited seeking $160 million in damages, among other things, for alleged misstatements regarding
Lynch. The HP subsidiary claimants filed their replies to the defenses and the asserted counter-claim on March 11, 2016.
- In re HP ERISA Litigation consists of three consolidated putative class actions filed beginning on
December 6, 2012 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California alleging, among other things, that
from August 18, 2011 to November 22, 2012, the defendants breached their fiduciary obligations to HP’s 401(k) Plan and its
participants and thereby violated Sections 404(a)(1) and 405(a) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended, by concealing negative information regarding the financial performance of Autonomy and HP’s enterprise services
business and by failing to restrict participants from investing in HP stock. On August 16, 2013, HP filed a motion to dismiss the
lawsuit. On March 31, 2014, the court granted HP’s motion to dismiss this action with leave to amend. On July 16, 2014, the
plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint containing substantially similar allegations and seeking substantially similar relief
as the first amended complaint. On June 15, 2015, the court granted HP’s motion to dismiss the second amended complaint in
its entirety and denied plaintiﬁs leave to file another amended complaint. On July 2, 2015, plaintiﬁs appealed the court’s order
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Environmental
HP’s operations and products are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations concerning
environmental protection, including laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and
disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites, the content of HP’s products and the recycling,
treatment and disposal of those products. In particular, HP faces increasing complexity in its product design and procurement
operations as it adjusts to new and future requirements relating to the chemical and materials composition of its products, their
safe use, and the energy consumption associated with those products, including requirements relating to climate change. HP is
also subject to legislation in an increasing number of jurisdictions that makes producers of electrical goods, including
computers and printers, financially responsible for specified collection, recycling, treatment and disposal of past and future
covered products (sometimes referred to as “product take-back legislation”). HP could incur substantial costs, its products could
be restricted from entering certain jurisdictions, and it could face other sanctions, if it were to violate or become liable under
environmental laws or if its products become noncompliant with environmental laws. HP’s potential exposure includes fines
and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party property damage or personal injury claims and clean-up costs. The amount and
timing of costs to comply with environmental laws are difficult to predict.
HP is party to, or otherwise involved in, proceedings brought by US. or state environmental agencies under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (“CERCLA”), known as “Superfund,” or state laws
116