Table of contents
Our business is subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that could result in costs or other
sanctions that adversely affect our business and results of operations.
We are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations. For example, we are subject to laws and
regulations concerning environmental protection, including laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water,
the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the clean-up of contaminated sites, the content of our
products and the recycling, treatment and disposal of our products, including batteries. In particular, we face increasing
complexity in our product design and procurement operations as we adjust to new and future requirements relating to the
chemical and materials composition of our products, their safe use, the energy consumption associated with those products,
climate change laws and regulations, and product take-back legislation. If we were to violate or become liable under
environmental laws or if our products become non-compliant with environmental laws, we could incur substantial costs or face
other sanctions, which may include restrictions on our products entering certain jurisdictions. Our potential exposure includes
ﬁnes and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party property damage, personal injury claims and clean-up costs. Further, liability
under some environmental laws relating to contaminated sites can be imposed retroactively, on a joint and several basis, and
without any finding of noncompliance or fault. The amount and timing of costs to comply with environmental laws are difficult
to predict.
Some anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware
law, could impair a takeover attempt.
We have provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws each of which could have the effect of rendering more
difficult or discouraging an acquisition of HP deemed undesirable by our Board of Directors. These include provisions:
- authorizing blank check preferred stock, which we could issue with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights
superior to our common stock;
- limiting the liability of, and providing indemniﬁcation to, our directors and oﬁicers;
° specifying that our stockholders may take action only at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders
and otherwise in accordance with our bylaws and limiting the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings;
- requiring advance notice of proposals by our stockholders for business to be conducted at stockholder meetings
and for nominations of candidates for election to our Board of Directors; and
° controlling the procedures for conduct of our Board of Directors and stockholder meetings and election,
appointment and removal of our directors.
These provisions, alone or together, could deter or delay hostile takeovers, proxy contests and changes in control or our
management. As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law, which prevents some stockholders from engaging in certain business combinations
without approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding common stock.
Any provision of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a
change in control of HP could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our stock and
also could affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our stock.
Risks Related to the Separation
The separation of Hewlett-Packard Company into two independent publicly traded companies is subject to various risks and
uncertainties and may not achieve some or all of the anticipated benefits.
On November 1, 2015, we completed the Separation of our enterprise technology infrastructure, software, services and
ﬁnancing businesses from our personal systems and printing businesses. The process of completing the Separation involved
signiﬁcant costs and expenses. Uncertainty related to the Separation may lead customers and other parties with which we
currently do business or may do business in the future to terminate or attempt to negotiate changes in our existing business
relationships, or cause them to consider entering into business relationships with parties other than us. These disruptions could
have a material and adverse eﬁect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
We may not realize some or all of the anticipated strategic, financial, operational, marketing or other benefits from the
Separation. As an independent publicly traded company we are a smaller, less diversified company with a narrower business
focus and may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions, which could materially and adversely aﬁect our business,
ﬁnancial condition and results of operations. We continue to review our acquisitions, dispositions, and other transactions,
including those related to the Separation, in light of the economic and legislative environment.
25