Table of contents
The process of developing new high-technology products and services and enhancing existing products and services is
complex, costly and uncertain, and any failure by us to anticipate customers’ changing needs and emerging technological trends
accurately could significantly harm our market share, results of operations and financial condition. For example, to oﬁset
industry declines in some of our businesses, we must successfully grow in adj acencies such as copier printers, maintain our
strong position in graphics, develop and introduce 3D printers and execute on our strategy to grow commercial mobility by
providing specialized products and services to address the needs of our customers. We must make long-term investments,
develop or acquire and protect appropriate intellectual property, and commit significant research and development and other
resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reﬂect customer demand for our products and services. Any
failure to accurately predict technological and business trends, control research and development costs or execute our
innovation strategy could harm our business and financial performance. Our research and development initiatives may not be
successful in whole or in part, including research and development projects which we have prioritized with respect to funding
and/or personnel.
Our industry is subject to rapid and substantial innovation and technological change. Even if we successfully develop
new products and technologies, future products and technologies may eventually supplant ours if we are unable to keep pace
with technological advances and end-user requirements and preferences and timely enhance our existing products and
technologies or develop new ones. Our competitors may also create products that replace ours. As a result, any of our products
and technologies may be rendered obsolete or uneconomical.
After we develop a product, we must be able to manufacture appropriate volumes quickly while also managing costs and
preserving margins. To accomplish this, we must accurately forecast volumes, mixes of products and configurations that meet
customer requirements, and we may not succeed at doing so within a given product’s lifecycle or at all. Any delay in the
development, production or marketing of a new product, service or solution could result in us not being among the first to
market, which could further harm our competitive position.
If we cannot continue to produce quality products and services, our reputation, business and ﬁnancial performance may
suffer.
In the course of conducting our business, we must adequately address quality issues associated with our products and
services, including defects in our engineering, design and manufacturing processes and unsatisfactory performance under
service contracts, as well as defects in third-party components included in our products and unsatisfactory performance or even
malicious acts by third-party contractors or subcontractors or their employees. In order to address quality issues, we work
extensively with our customers and suppliers and engage in product testing to determine the causes of problems and to develop
and implement appropriate solutions. However, the products and services that we offer are complex, and our regular testing and
quality control efforts may not be effective in controlling or detecting all quality issues or errors, particularly with respect to
faulty components manufactured by third-parties. If we are unable to determine the cause or find an appropriate solution to
address quality issues with our products, we may delay shipment to customers, which would delay revenue recognition and
receipt of customer payments and could adversely affect our net revenue, cash ﬂows and profitability. In addition, after
products are delivered, quality issues may require us to repair or replace such products. Addressing quality issues can be
expensive and may result in additional warranty, repair, replacement and other costs, adversely affecting our financial
performance. If new or existing customers have difficulty operating our products or are dissatisfied with our services, our
results of operations could be adversely affected, and we could face possible claims if we fail to meet our customers”
expectations. In addition, quality issues can impair our relationships with new or existing customers and adversely affect our
brand and reputation, which could, in turn, adversely affect our results of operations.
We are exposed to ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely impact our results.
Currencies other than the US. dollar, including the euro, the British pound, Chinese yuan (renminbi) and the Japanese
yen, can have an impact on our results as expressed in US. dollars. In particular, the economic uncertainties relating to
European sovereign and other debt obligations and the related European financial restructuring eﬂbrts may cause the value of
the euro to ﬂuctuate. In addition, the United Kingdom’s June 2016 vote to leave the European Union (commonly known as
“Brexit”) caused significant volatility in currency exchange rates, especially between the US. dollar and the British pound.
Global economic events and uncertainty may cause currencies to ﬂuctuate and currency volatility contributes to variations in
our sales of products and services in impacted jurisdictions. For example, in the event that one or more European countries
were to replace the euro with another currency, our sales into such countries, or into Europe generally, would likely be
adversely affected until stable exchange rates are established. Accordingly, ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates,
such as the strengthening of the US. dollar against the euro or the British pound or the weakness of the Japanese yen, could
adversely affect our net revenue growth in future periods. In addition, currency variations can adversely aﬁect margins on sales
of our products in countries outside of the United States and margins on sales of products that include components obtained
from suppliers located outside of the United States.
13