Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 1: Overview and Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies (Continued)
Costs to produce advertising are expensed as incurred during production. Costs to communicate advertising are expensed
when the advertising is first run. Such costs totaled approximately $586 million in fiscal year 2016, $635 million in fiscal year
2015 and $614 million in fiscal year 2014.
Restructuring and Other Charges
HP records charges associated with management-approved restructuring plans to reorganize one or more of HP’s business
segments, to remove duplicative headcount and infrastructure associated with business acquisitions or to simplify business
processes and accelerate innovation. Restructuring charges can include severance costs to eliminate a specified number of
employees, infrastructure charges to vacate facilities and consolidate operations, and contract cancellation costs. HP records
restructuring charges based on estimated employee terminations and site closure and consolidation plans. HP accrues for
severance and other employee separation costs under these actions when it is probable that benefits will be paid and the amount
is reasonably estimable. The rates used in determining severance accruals are based on existing plans, historical experiences
and negotiated settlements. Other charges include non-recurring costs that are distinct from ongoing operational costs such as
information technology costs incurred in connection with the Separation.
Taxes on Earnings
HP recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the
tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts using enacted tax rates in effect for the year the differences are
expected to reverse. HP records a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than
not to be realized.
HP records accruals for uncertain tax positions when HP believes that it is not more likely than not that the tax position
will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. HP makes adjustments
to these accruals when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. The
provision for income taxes includes the effects of adjustments for uncertain tax positions, as well as any related interest and
penalties.
Accounts Receivable
HP establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts for accounts receivable. HP records a specific reserve for individual
accounts when HP becomes aware of specific customer circumstances, such as in the case of a bankruptcy filing or
deterioration in the customer ’5 operating results or financial position. If there are additional changes in circumstances related to
the specific customer, HP further adjusts estimates of the recoverability of receivables. HP maintains bad debt reserves for all
other customers based on a variety of factors, including the use of third-party credit risk models that generate quantitative
measures of default probabilities based on market factors, the financial condition of customers, the length of time receivables
are past due, trends in the weighted-average risk rating for the portfolio, macroeconomic conditions, information derived from
competitive benchmarking, significant one-time events and historical experience. The past due or delinquency status of a
receivable is based on the contractual payment terms of the receivable.
HP has third-party short-term financing arrangements intended to facilitate the working capital requirements of certain
customers. These financing arrangements, which in certain cases provide for partial recourse, result in the transfer of HP’s trade
receivables to a third party. HP reﬂects amounts transferred to, but not yet collected from, the third party in accounts receivable
in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For arrangements involving an element of recourse, the fair value of the recourse
obligation is measured using market data from similar transactions and reported as a current liability in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets.
Concentrations of Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject HP to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and
cash equivalents, investments, receivables from trade customers and contract manufacturers and derivatives.
HP maintains cash and cash equivalents, investments, derivatives and certain other financial instruments with various
financial institutions. These financial institutions are located in many diﬁerent geographic regions, and HP’s policy is designed
65