Table of contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of HP Inc.
We have audited HP Inc. and subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2016, based on
criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the C080 criteria). HP Inc. and subsidiaries” management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether eﬁective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of ﬁnancial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of ﬁnancial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the ﬁnancial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, HP Inc. and subsidiaries maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of October 31, 2016, based on the C080 criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States), the consolidated balance sheets of HP Inc. and subsidiaries as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related
consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders” (deficit) equity and cash ﬂows for each of the three
years in the period ended October 31, 2016 and our report dated December 15, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
/s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP
San Jose, California
December 15, 2016
54