Table of Contents
HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Note 15: Litigation and Contingencies (Continued)
On September 28, 2016, Doty v. HP, Inc. was filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of
California alleging claims for violations of California’s False Advertising Law, Cal. Bus. & Prof Code § 17500, et seq. and
Unfair Competition Law, Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code § 17200, et seq. Plaintiffs added a claim under the Consumer Legal Remedies
Act, Cal. Civ. Code § 1750, et seq. on October 31, 2016. Plaintiffs seek to certify a class of all United States citizens who,
between the applicable statute of limitations and the present, had an HP printer that was modified to reject third party-ink
cartridges.
On October 7, 2016, San Miguel v. HP Inc. was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of
California alleging claims for violation of California’s Unfair Competition Law, Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code § 17200, et seq. and for
unjust enrichment. Plaintiffs seek to certify a class of all persons in the United States who own one or more HP printer or
device in any of the following categories: OﬁiceJet 6220 series; Office] et Pro 6230 series; Office] et 6820 series; Office] et Pro
6830 series; OfficeJet 8600 series; and OfficeJet Pro X series.
On November 9, 2016, Ware v. HP Inc. was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of
California alleging claims for violation of California’s Unfair Competition Law, Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code § 17200, et seq. and for
unjust enrichment. Plaintiffs seek to certify a class of all persons in the United States who own one or more HP printer or
device in any of the following categories: OﬁiceJet 6220 series; Office] et Pro 6230 series; Office] et 6820 series; Office] et Pro
6830 series; OfficeJet 8600 series; and OfficeJet Pro X series.
Autonomy-Related Legal Matters
Investigations. As a result of the findings of an ongoing investigation, HP has provided information to the UK.
Serious Fraud Office, the US. Department of Justice (“DOJ”) and the SEC related to the accounting improprieties, disclosure
failures and misrepresentations at Autonomy that occurred prior to and in connection with HP’s acquisition of Autonomy. On
January 19, 2015, the UK. Serious Fraud Oﬁice notified HP that it was closing its investigation and had decided to cede
jurisdiction of the investigation to the US. authorities. On November 14, 2016, the DOJ announced that a federal grand jury
indicted Sushovan Hussain, the former CFO of Autonomy, on charges of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and multiple counts
of wire fraud. The indictment alleges that Hussain engaged in a scheme to defraud purchasers and sellers of securities of
Autonomy and HP about the true performance of Autonomy’s business, its financial condition, and its prospects for growth. On
November 15, 2016, the SEC announced that Stouffer Egan, the former CEO of Autonomy’s US-based operations, settled
charges relating to his participation in an accounting scheme to meet internal sales targets and analyst revenue expectations. HP
is continuing to cooperate with the ongoing enforcement actions.
Litigation. As described below, HP is involved in various stockholder litigation relating to, among other things, its
October 2011 acquisition of Autonomy and its November 20, 2012 announcement that it recorded a non-cash charge for the
impairment of goodwill and intangible assets within Hewlett Packard Enterprise’s software segment of approximately $8.8
billion in the fourth quarter of its 2012 fiscal year and HP’s statements that, based on HP’s findings from an ongoing
investigation, the majority of this impairment charge related to accounting improprieties, misrepresentations to the market and
disclosure failures at Autonomy that occurred prior to and in connection with HP’s acquisition of Autonomy and the impact of
those improprieties, failures and misrepresentations on the expected future financial performance of the Autonomy business
over the long term. This stockholder litigation was commenced against, among others, certain current and former HP executive
ofﬁcers, certain current and former members of HP’s Board of Directors and certain advisors to HP. The plaintiffs in these
litigation matters are seeking to recover certain compensation paid by HP to the defendants and/or other damages. Pursuant to
the separation and distribution agreement, HP and Hewlett Packard Enterprise share equally the cost and any damages arising
from these litigation matters. These matters include the following:
0 In re Hewlett-Packard Shareholder Derivative Litigation (the “Federal Court Derivative Action”) consists of
seven consolidated lawsuits filed beginning on November 26, 2012 in the United States District Court for the Northern District
of California alleging, among other things, that the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act by
concealing material information and making false statements related to HP ’s acquisition of Autonomy and the financial
performance of HP’s enterprise services business. The lawsuits also allege that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties,
wasted corporate assets and were unjustly enriched in connection with HP’s acquisition of Autonomy and by causing HP to
repurchase its own stock at allegedly inﬂated prices between August 2011 and October 2012. One lawsuit further alleges that
certain individual defendants engaged in or assisted insider trading and thereby breached their fiduciary duties, were unjustly
115