Table of contents
Mr. Weisler has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since November 2015. Previously, he served as
Executive Vice President of the Printing and Personal Systems Group of Hewlett-Packard Company from June 2013 to
November 2015 and as Senior Vice President and Managing Director, Printing and Personal Systems, Asia Pacific and Japan
from January 2012 to June 2013. Prior to joining Hewlett-Packard Company, he was Vice President and Chief Operating
Oﬁicer of the Product and Mobile Internet Digital Home Groups at Lenovo Group Ltd, a technology company, from January
2008 to December 2011.
Employees
We had approximately 49,000 employees worldwide as of October 31, 2016.
Available Information
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to
reports ﬁled or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are
available on our website at http://wwwhp.com/investor/home, as soon as reasonably practicable after HP electronically files
such reports with, or furnishes those reports to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. HP’s Corporate Governance
Guidelines, Board of Directors’ committee charters (including the charters of the Audit Committee, Finance, Investment and
Technology Committee, HR and Compensation Committee, and Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility
Committee) and code of ethics entitled “Standards of Business Conduct” (none of which are incorporated by reference herein)
are also available at that same location on our website. Stockholders may request free copies of these documents from:
HP Inc.
Attention: Investor Relations
1501 Page Mill Road,
Palo Alto, CA 94304
http://www.hp.com/investor/informationrequest
Additional Information
Microsoft® and Windows® are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States
and/or other countries. Intel® is a trademark of Intel Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. AMD is a
trademark of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Google is a registered trademark of Google Inc. Android and Chrome are
trademarks of Google Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors.
The following discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements. These risk factors may be important for
understanding any statement in this Form 10-K or elsewhere. The following information should be read in conjunction with
Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation” and the Consolidated
Financial Statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K.
Because of the following factors, as well as other variables affecting our results of operations, past financial performance
may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in
future periods.
Risks related to our business
If we are unsuccessful at addressing our business challenges, our business and results of operations may be adversely
affected and our ability to invest in and grow our business could be limited
We are in the process of addressing many challenges facing our business. One set of challenges relates to dynamic and
accelerating market trends, such as the declines in the PC market and home printing. A second set of challenges relates to
changes in the competitive landscape. Our primary competitors are exerting increased competitive pressure in targeted areas
and are entering new markets; our emerging competitors are introducing new technologies and business models; and our
alliance partners in some businesses are increasingly becoming our competitors in others. A third set of challenges relates to
business model changes and our go-to-market execution. For example, we may fail to develop innovative products and
services, maintain the manufacturing quality of our products, manage our distribution network or successfully market new
products and services, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
In addition, we are facing a series of significant macroeconomic challenges, including weakness across many geographic
regions, particularly in emerging markets and Europe, and certain countries and businesses in Asia. We may experience delays
11