Table of contents
unanticipated delays in connection with the performance of these engagements, including delays caused by factors
outside our control, could make these agreements less profitable or unprofitable, which could have an adverse
effect on the profit margin of our services business.
° Some of our service agreements require significant investment in the early stages that is expected to be recovered
through billings over the life of the agreement. These agreements may involve the development and deployment
of new technologies. Varying degrees of performance risk exist in each agreement with these characteristics, and
some or all elements of service delivery under these agreements are dependent upon successful completion of the
development and deployment phases. Any failure to perform satisfactorily under these agreements may expose us
to legal liability, result in the loss of customers and harm our reputation, which could harm the financial
performance of our services business.
- If we do not hire, train, motivate and effectively utilize employees with the right mix of skills and experience in
the right geographic regions to meet the needs of our services clients, our financial performance could suffer. For
example, if our employee utilization rate is too low, our profitability and the level of engagement of our
employees could suﬁer. If that utilization rate is too high, it could have an adverse effect on employee
engagement and attrition and the quality of the work performed, as well as our ability to staff projects. If we are
unable to hire and retain a sufficient number of employees with the skills or backgrounds to meet current demand,
we might need to redeploy existing personnel, increase our reliance on subcontractors or increase employee
compensation levels, all of which could also negatively affect our profitability. In addition, if we have more
employees than we need with certain skill sets or in certain geographies, we may incur increased costs as we work
to rebalance our supply of skills and resources with client demand in those geographies.
Failure to comply with our customer contracts or government contracting regulations could adversely affect our business
and results of operations.
Our contracts with our customers may include unique and specialized performance requirements. In particular, our
contracts with federal, state, provincial and local governmental customers are subject to various procurement regulations,
contract provisions and other requirements relating to their formation, administration and performance. Any failure by us to
comply with the specific provisions in our customer contracts or any violation of government contracting regulations could
result in the imposition of various civil and criminal penalties, which may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of proﬁts,
suspension of payments and, in the case of our government contracts, fines and suspension from future government contracting.
Such failures could also cause reputational damage to our business. In addition, Hewlett-Packard Company has in the past
been, and we may in the future be, subject to qui tam litigation brought by private individuals on behalf of the government
relating to our government contracts, which could include claims for treble damages. Further, any negative publicity related to
our customer contracts or any proceedings surrounding them, regardless of its accuracy, may damage our business by affecting
our ability to compete for new contracts. If our customer contracts are terminated, if we are suspended or disbarred from
government work, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely aﬁected, our financial performance could suffer.
Our stock price has historically ﬂuctuated and may continue to ﬂuctuate, which may make future prices of our stock
difficult to predict.
Our stock price, like that of other technology companies, can be volatile. Some of the factors that could affect our stock
price are:
° speculation, coverage or sentiment in the media or the investment community about, or actual changes in, our
business, strategic position, market share, organizational structure, operations, financial condition, financial
reporting and results, effectiveness of cost-cutting efforts, value or liquidity of our investments, exposure to
market volatility, prospects, business combination or investment transactions, future stock price performance,
board of directors, executive team, our competitors or our industry in general;
- the announcement of new, planned or contemplated products, services, technological innovations, acquisitions,
divestitures or other significant transactions by us or our competitors;
- quarterly increases or decreases in net revenue, gross margin, earnings or cash ﬂows, changes in estimates by the
investment community or our financial outlook and variations between actual and estimated financial results;
- announcements of actual and anticipated financial results by our competitors and other companies in the IT
industry;
- developments relating to pending investigations, claims and disputes; and
- the timing and amount of our share repurchases.
General or industry specific market conditions or stock market performance or domestic or international macroeconomic
and geopolitical factors unrelated to our performance also may aﬁect the price of our stock. For these reasons, investors should
22