HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)
We establish the selling prices used for each deliverable based on vendor specific objective evidence (“VSOE”) of selling
price, if available, third-party evidence (“TPE”), if VSOE of selling price is not available, or estimated selling price (“ESP”), if
neither VSOE of selling price nor TPE is available. We establish VSOE of selling price using the price charged for a deliverable
when sold separately and, in rare instances, using the price established by management having the relevant authority. We
evaluate TPE of selling price by reviewing largely similar and interchangeable competitor products or services in standalone
sales to similarly situated customers. ESP is established based on management’s judgment considering internal factors such as
margin objectives, pricing practices and controls, customer segment pricing strategies and the product life cycle. Consideration
is also given to market conditions such as competitor pricing strategies and industry technology life cycles. We may modify or
develop new go-to-market practices in the future, which may result in changes in selling prices, impacting both VSOE of
selling price and ESP. In most arrangements with multiple elements, the transaction price is allocated to the individual units of
accounting at inception of the arrangement based on their relative selling price. However, the aforementioned factors may result
in a different allocation of the transaction price to deliverables in multiple element arrangements entered into in future periods.
This may change the pattern and timing of revenue recognition for identical arrangements executed in future periods, but will
not change the total revenue recognized for any given arrangement.
We reduce revenue for customer and distributor programs and incentive oﬁerings, including price protection, rebates,
promotions, other volume-based incentives and expected returns. Future market conditions and product transitions may require
us to take actions to increase customer incentive offerings, possibly resulting in an incremental reduction of revenue at the time
the incentive is offered. For certain incentive programs, we estimate the number of customers expected to redeem the incentive
based on historical experience and the specific terms and conditions of the incentive.
For hardware products, we recognize revenue generated from direct sales to end customers and indirect sales to channel
partners (including resellers, distributors and value-added solution providers) when the revenue recognition criteria are
satisfied. For indirect sales to channel partners, we recognize revenue at the time of delivery when the channel partner has
economic substance apart from HP and HP has completed its obligations related to the sale.
We recognize revenue from fixed-price support or maintenance contracts ratably over the contract period.
Warranty
We accrue the estimated cost of product warranties at the time we recognize revenue. We evaluate our warranty
obligations on a product group basis. Our standard product warranty terms generally include post-sales support and repairs or
replacement of a product at no additional charge for a specified period of time. While we engage in extensive product quality
programs and processes, including actively monitoring and evaluating the quality of our component suppliers, we base our
estimated warranty obligation on contractual warranty terms, repair costs, product call rates, average cost per call, current
period product shipments and ongoing product failure rates, as well as specific product class failure outside of our baseline
experience. Warranty terms generally range from 90 days to three years for parts, labor and onsite services, depending upon the
product. Over the last three fiscal years, the annual warranty expense and actual warranty costs have averaged approximately
2.2% and 2.5% of annual net revenue, respectively.
Restructuring and Other Charges
We have engaged in restructuring actions which require management to estimate the timing and amount of severance and
other employee separation costs for workforce reduction and enhanced early retirement programs, fair value of assets made
redundant or obsolete, and the fair value of lease cancellation and other exit costs. We accrue for severance and other employee
separation costs under these actions when it is probable that benefits will be paid and the amount is reasonably estimable. The
rates used in determining severance accruals are based on existing plans, historical experiences and negotiated settlements.
Other charges include non-recurring costs that are distinct from ongoing operational costs such as information technology costs
incurred in connection with the Separation. For a full description of our restructuring actions, refer to our discussions of
restructuring in “Results of Operations” below and in Note 4, “Restructuring and Other Charges” to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in Item 8, which are incorporated herein by reference.
Retirement and Post-Retirement Beneﬁts
Our pension and other post-retirement benefit costs and obligations depend on various assumptions. Our major
assumptions relate primarily to discount rates, mortality rates, expected increases in compensation levels and the expected long—
34