Table of contents
Competition
We encounter strong competition in all areas of our business activity. We compete on the basis of technology,
performance, price, quality, reliability, brand, reputation, distribution, range of products and services, ease of use of our
products, account relationships, customer training, service and support, security, availability of application software and
internet infrastructure offerings, and our sustainability performance.
The markets for each of our key business segments are characterized by strong competition among major corporations
with long-established positions and a large number of new and rapidly growing firms. Most product life cycles are short, and to
remain competitive we must develop new products and services, periodically enhance our existing products and services and
compete effectively on the basis of the factors listed above. In addition, we compete with many of our current and potential
partners, including OEMS that design, manufacture and often market their products under their own brand names. Our
successful management of these competitive partner relationships will be critical to our future success. Moreover, we anticipate
that we will have to continue to adjust prices on many of our products and services to stay competitive.
We have a broad technology portfolio spanning personal computing and other access devices, imaging and printing-
related products and services. We are the leader or among the leaders in each of our key business segments.
The competitive environment in which each key segment operates is described below:
Personal Systems. The markets in which Personal Systems operates are highly competitive and are characterized by
price competition. The decline in the PC market has moderated, though the PC market still faces uncertainty. Our primary
competitors are Lenovo Group Limited, Dell Inc., Acer Inc., ASUSTeK Computer Inc., Apple Inc., Toshiba Corporation and
Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. In particular regions, we also experience competition from local companies and from
generically-branded or “white box” manufacturers. Our competitive advantages include our broad product portfolio, our
innovation and research and development capabilities, our brand and procurement leverage, our ability to cross-sell our
portfolio of oﬁerings, our extensive service and support offerings and the accessibility of our products through a broad-based
distribution strategy from retail and commercial channels to direct sales.
Printing. The markets for printer hardware and associated supplies are highly competitive. Printing’s key customer
segments each face competitive market pressures in pricing and the introduction of new products. Our primary competitors
include Canon Inc., Lexmark International, Inc., Xerox Corporation Ltd., Seiko Epson Corporation, The Ricoh Company Ltd.
and Brother Industries, Ltd. In addition, independent suppliers offer refill and remanufactured alternatives for HP original inkj et
and toner supplies, which are often available for lower prices but generally oﬁer lower print quality and reliability. Other
competitors also have developed and marketed new compatible cartridges for HP’s laser and inkj et products, particularly
outside of the United States where IP protection is inadequate or ineffective. Our competitive advantages include our
comprehensive solutions for the home, office and publishing environments, our innovation and research and development
capabilities, our brand, and the accessibility of our products through a broad-based distribution strategy from retail and
commercial channels to direct sales.
For a discussion of risks attendant to these competitive factors, see “Risk Factors—We operate in an intensely
competitive industry and competitive pressures could harm our business and financial performance,” in Item 1A, which is
incorporated herein by reference
Sustainability
Our approach to sustainability covers a broad range of sustainability issues across three pillars: environment, society and
integrity. We prioritize issues to address based on their relative importance to our business success and sustainable
development.
Environment. We are focused on reinventing the way that products are designed, manufactured, used and recovered as we
shift our business model and operations toward a materials and energy-eﬁicient circular economy that promotes greater
resource productivity and aims to reduce waste. Working with our supply chain partners, we strive to reduce the environmental
impact of our products at every stage of the value chain.
Society. We strive to empower workers and ensure protections for the people who make our products. Our agreements
with our suppliers require that workers receive fair treatment, safe working conditions and freely chosen employment. We
work to enforce these requirements with suppliers through proactive engagement and training, and corrective action plans when
needed.
8