Table of contents
ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
In the normal course of business, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate risks that could
impact our ﬁnancial position and results of operations. Our risk management strategy with respect to these market risks may
include the use of derivative financial instruments. We use derivative contracts only to manage existing underlying exposures.
Accordingly, we do not use derivative contracts for speculative purposes. Our risks, risk management strategy and a sensitivity
analysis estimating the effects of changes in fair value for each of these exposures is outlined below.
Actual gains and losses in the future may differ materially from the sensitivity analyses based on changes in the timing
and amount of foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate movements and our actual exposures and derivatives in place at
the time of the change, as well as the effectiveness of the derivative to hedge the related exposure.
Foreign currency exchange rate risk
We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk inherent in our sales commitments, anticipated sales, anticipated
purchases and assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the US. dollar. We transact business in approximately
44 currencies worldwide, of which the most significant foreign currencies to our operations for fiscal year 2016 were the euro,
Chinese yuan renminbi, the British pound and the Indian rupee. For most currencies, we are a net receiver of the foreign
currency and therefore benefit from a weaker US. dollar and are adversely affected by a stronger US. dollar relative to the
foreign currency. Even where we are a net receiver of the foreign currency, a weaker US. dollar may adversely affect certain
expense figures, if taken alone.
We use a combination of forward contracts and at times, options designated as cash ﬂow hedges to protect against the
foreign currency exchange rate risks inherent in our forecasted net revenue and, to a lesser extent, cost of sales and
intercompany loans denominated in currencies other than the US. dollar. In addition, when debt is denominated in a foreign
currency, we may use swaps to exchange the foreign currency principal and interest obligations for US. dollar-denominated
amounts to manage the exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We also use other derivatives not designated as
hedging instruments consisting primarily of forward contracts to hedge foreign currency balance sheet exposures. Alternatively,
we may choose not to hedge the risk associated with our foreign currency exposures, primarily if such exposure acts as a
natural hedge for offsetting amounts denominated in the same currency or if the currency is too difficult or too expensive to
hedge.
We have performed sensitivity analyses for continuing operations as of October 3 l, 2016 and 2015, using a modeling
technique that measures the change in the fair values arising from a hypothetical 10% adverse movement in the levels of
foreign currency exchange rates relative to the US. dollar, with all other variables held constant. The analyses cover all of our
foreign currency derivative contracts oﬂset by underlying exposures. The foreign currency exchange rates we used in
performing the sensitivity analysis were based on market rates in effect at October 3 l, 2016 and 2015. The sensitivity analyses
indicated that a hypothetical 10% adverse movement in foreign currency exchange rates would result in a foreign exchange fair
value loss of $41 million and $54 million for continuing operations at October 3 l, 2016 and October 31, 2015, respectively.
Interest rate risk
We also are exposed to interest rate risk related to debt we have issued and our investment portfolio.
We issue long-term debt in either US. dollars or foreign currencies based on market conditions at the time of financing.
We often use interest rate and/or currency swaps to modify the market risk exposures in connection with the debt to achieve
US. dollar LIBOR—based ﬂoating interest expense. The swap transactions generally involve the exchange of ﬁxed for ﬂoating
interest payments. However, we may choose not to swap fixed for ﬂoating interest payments or may terminate a previously
executed swap if we believe a larger proportion of fixed-rate debt would be beneficial.
In order to hedge the fair value of certain fixed-rate investments, we may enter into interest rate swaps that convert fixed
interest returns into variable interest returns. We may use cash ﬂow hedges to hedge the variability of LIBOR—based interest
income received on certain variable-rate investments. We may also enter into interest rate swaps that convert variable rate
interest returns into fixed-rate interest returns.
50