Table of contents
Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement are commonplace in our industry and successful third-party claims
may limit or disrupt our ability to sell our products and services.
Third parties also may claim that we or customers indemnified by us are infringing upon their intellectual property rights.
For example, patent assertion entities may purchase intellectual property assets for the purpose of asserting claims of
infringement and attempting to extract settlements from companies such as us and our customers. If we cannot or do not license
allegedly infringed intellectual property at all or on reasonable terms, or if we are required to substitute similar technology from
another source, our operations could be adversely aﬁected. Even if we believe that intellectual property claims are without
merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend against and may divert management’s attention and resources away
from our business. Claims of intellectual property infringement also might require us to redesign affected products, enter into
costly settlement or license agreements, pay costly damage awards, or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us
from importing, marketing or selling certain of our products. Even if we have an agreement to indemnify us against such costs,
the indemnifying party may be unable or unwilling to uphold its contractual obligations to us.
Further, our results of operations and cash ﬂows have been and could continue to be affected in certain periods and on an
ongoing basis by the imposition, accrual and payment of copyright levies or similar fees. In certain countries (primarily in
Europe), proceedings are ongoing or have been concluded in which groups representing copyright owners have sought or are
seeking to impose upon and collect from us levies upon equipment (such as PCs, MFDS and printers) alleged to be copying
devices under applicable laws. Other such groups have also sought to modify existing levy schemes to increase the amount of
the levies that can be collected from us. Other countries that have not imposed levies on these types of devices are expected to
extend existing levy schemes, and countries that do not currently have levy schemes may decide to impose copyright levies on
these types of devices. The total amount of the copyright levies will depend on the types of products determined to be subject to
the levy, the number of units of those products sold during the period covered by the levy, and the per unit fee for each type of
product, all of which are affected by several factors, including the outcome of ongoing litigation involving us and other
industry participants and possible action by the legislative bodies in the applicable countries, and could be substantial.
Consequently, the ultimate impact of these copyright levies or similar fees, and our ability to recover such amounts through
increased prices, remains uncertain.
The allocation of intellectual property rights between Hewlett Packard Enterprise and HP as part of the Separation, and the
shared use of certain intellectual property rights following the Separation, could adversely impact our reputation, our ability
to enforce certain intellectual property rights that are important to us and our competitive position.
In connection with the Separation, Hewlett-Packard Company allocated to each of Hewlett Packard Enterprise and
HP the intellectual property assets relevant to their respective businesses. The terms of the Separation include cross-licenses
and other arrangements to provide for certain ongoing use of intellectual property in the existing operations of both businesses.
For example, through a joint brand holding structure, both Hewlett Packard Enterprise and HP will retain the ability to make
ongoing use of certain variations of the legacy Hewlett-Packard and HP branding, respectively. There is a risk that the joint
brand holding structure may impair the enforcement of HP’s trademark rights against third parties that infringe them.
Furthermore, as a result of this shared use of the legacy branding there is a risk that conduct or events adversely affecting the
reputation of Hewlett Packard Enterprise could also adversely affect the reputation of HP. In addition, as a result of the
allocation of intellectual property as part of the Separation, we no longer own intellectual property allocated to Hewlett Packard
Enterprise and our resulting intellectual property ownership position could adversely affect our position and options relating to
patent enforcement, patent licensing and cross-licensing, our ability to sell our products or services, our competitive position in
the industry and our ability to enter new product markets.
Our business and financial performance could suffer if we do not manage the risks associated with our services business
properly.
The risks that accompany our services business differ from those of our other businesses and include the following:
- The success of our services business is to a significant degree dependent on our ability to retain our signiﬁcant
services clients and maintain or increase the level of revenues from these clients. We may lose clients due to their
merger or acquisition, business failure, contract expiration or their selection of a competing service provider or
decision to in—source services. In addition, we may not be able to retain or renew relationships with our significant
clients. As a result of business downturns or for other business reasons, we are also vulnerable to reduced business
from our clients, which can reduce the scope of services provided and the prices for those services. We may not be
able to replace the revenue and earnings from any such lost clients or reductions in services. In addition, our
contracts may allow a client to terminate the contract for convenience, and we may not be able to fully recover
our investments in such circumstances.
- The pricing and other terms of some of our service agreements require us to make estimates and assumptions at
the time we enter into these contracts that could differ from actual results. Any increased or unexpected costs or
21