Table of Contents
our services, subject us to injunctions restricting our sale of products or services, cause severe disruptions to our operations or the
markets in which we compete, or require us to satisfy indemnification commitments with our customers, including contractual
provisions under various license arrangements and service agreements. In addition, we may incur significant costs in acquiring
the necessary third-party intellectual property rights for use in our products, in some cases to fulfill contractual obligations with
our customers. Any of these occurrences could significantly harm our business.
Our intellectu al property portfolio is a valuable asset and we may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights, including
our source code, from infringement or unauthorized copying, use or disclosure.
Our intellectual property portfolio is a valuable asset. Infringement or misappropriation of assets in this portfolio could
result in lost revenues and thereby ultimately reduce their value. Preventing unauthorized use or infringement of our intellectual
property rights is inherently diﬁicult. We actively combat software piracy as we enforce our intellectual property rights, but we
nonetheless lose significant revenue due to illegal use of our software. If piracy activities continue at historical levels or increase,
they may further harm our business.
If unauthorized disclosure of our source code occurs through security breach, cyber—attack or otherwise, we could lose future
trade secret protection for that source code. The loss of future trade secret protection could make it easier for third parties to compete
with our products by copying functionality, which could cause us to lose customers and could adversely affect our revenue and
operating margins. We also seek to protect our confidential information and trade secrets through the use of non-disclosure
agreements with our customers, contractors, vendors and partners. However, there is a risk that our confidential information and
trade secrets may be disclosed or published without our authorization, and in these situations, enforcing our rights may be diﬁicult
or costly.
Increasing regulatory focus on privacy issues and expanding laws and regulations could impact our business models and
expose us to increased liability
Our industry is highly regulated, including for privacy and data security. We are also expanding our business in countries
that have more stringent data protection laws than those in the United States, and such laws may be inconsistent across jurisdictions
and are subject to evolving and differing interpretations. Governments, privacy advocates and class action attorneys are increasingly
scrutinizing how companies collect, process, use, store, share and transmit personal data. New laws and industry self-regulatory
codes have been enacted and more are being considered that may affect our ability to reach current and prospective customers, to
understand how our products and services are being used, to respond to customer requests allowed under the laws, and to implement
our business models effectively. Any perception of our practices, products or services as an invasion of privacy, whether or not
consistent with current regulations and industry practices, may subject us to public criticism, class action lawsuits, reputational
harm or claims by regulators, industry groups or other third parties, all of which could disrupt our business and expose us to
increased liability. Additionally, both laws regulating privacy and third-party products purporting to address privacy concerns
could negatively affect the functionality of, and demand for, our products and services, thereby reducing our revenue.
On behalf of certain customers, we collect and store anonymous and personal information derived from the activities of
end users with various channels, including traditional websites, mobile websites and applications, email interactions, direct mail,
point of sale, text messaging and call centers. Federal, state and foreign governments and agencies have adopted or are considering
adopting laws regarding the collection, storage, use and disclosure of this information. Our compliance with privacy laws and
regulations and our reputation among consumers depend in part on our customers’ adherence to privacy laws and regulations and
their use of our services in ways consistent with such consumers” expectations. We also rely on contractual representations made
to us by customers that their own use of our services and the information they provide to us via our services do not violate any
applicable privacy laws, rules and regulations or their own privacy policies. As a component of our standardized customer contract,
we obligate customers to provide their consumers the opportunity to “opt out” of the information collection associated with our
services, as applicable. We do not formally audit such customers to confirm compliance with these representations. If these
representations are false or if our customers do not otherwise comply with applicable privacy laws, we could face adverse publicity
and possible legal or other regulatory action. In addition, some countries are considering enacting laws that would expand the
scope of privacy-related obligations required of service providers, such as Adobe, that would require additional compliance expense
and increase our liability risk.
In the past we have relied on the U.S.-European Union and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor frameworks, as agreed to by the
US. Department of Commerce and the European Union (“EU”) and Switzerland, as a means to legally transfer EU citizens’
personal information from the EU to the United States. However, on October 6, 2015, the European Court of Justice invalidated
the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor framework and the Swiss data protection authorities later invalidated the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor
framework. As a result, we have worked to establish alternate legitimate means of transferring personal data from the European
Economic Area and Switzerland to the United States; however, we continue to face uncertainty as to the legitimacy of these alternate
means. At least one regulator has determined that, with respect to a small number of vendors that process certain of our EU employee
26