Table of Contents
Business Combinations
We allocate the purchase price of acquired companies to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed,
assumed equity awards, as well as to in-process research and development based upon their estimated fair values at the acquisition
date. The purchase price allocation process requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the
acquisition date with respect to intangible assets, deferred revenue obligations and equity assumed.
Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made are reasonable, they are based in part on historical
experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. Examples of
critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets we have acquired or may acquire in the future include but are not
limited to:
- future expected cash ﬂows from software license sales, subscriptions, support agreements, consulting contracts and
acquired developed technologies and patents;
- expected costs to develop the in—process research and development into commercially viable products and estimated
cash ﬂows from the projects when completed,
- the acquired company ’s trade name and trademarks as well as assumptions about the period of time the acquired trade
name and trademarks will continue to be used in the combined company’s product portfolio; and
- discount rates.
In connection with the purchase price allocations for our acquisitions, we estimate the fair value of the deferred revenue
obligations assumed. The estimated fair value of the support obligations is determined utilizing a cost build-up approach. The cost
build-up approach determines fair value by estimating the costs related to fulfilling the obligations plus a normal profit margin.
The estimated costs to fulfill the obligations are based on the historical costs related to fulﬁlling the obligations.
In connection with the purchase price allocations for our acquisitions, we estimate the fair value of the equity awards
assumed. The estimated fair value is determined utilizing a modiﬁed binomial option pricing model which assumes employees
exercise their stock options when the share price exceeds the strike price by a certain dollar threshold. If the acquired company
has significant historical data on their employee’s exercise behavior, then this threshold is determined based upon the acquired
company’s history. Otherwise, our historical exercise experience is used to determine the exercise threshold. Zero coupon yields
implied by US. Treasury issuances, implied volatility for our common stock and our historical forfeiture rate are other inputs to
the binomial model.
Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates
or actual results.
Goodwill Impairment
We complete our goodwill impairment test on an annual basis, during the second quarter of our fiscal year, or more frequently,
if changes in facts and circumstances indicate that an impairment in the value of goodwill recorded on our balance sheet may
exist. As part of our annual goodwill impairment test, we first evaluate goodwill to determine if it is more likely than not that the
occurrence of an event or change in circumstances has reduced the fair value of a reporting segment below its carrying value. This
qualitative assessment requires that we consider events or circumstances that may include macroeconomic conditions, industry
and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance, changes in management or key personnel, changes in
strategy and changes in customers.
If the qualitative assessment indicates that the two-step quantitative analysis should be performed, we exercise judgment
at various steps, including the identification of reporting segments, assignment of goodwill to reporting segments, and determination
of the fair value of each reporting segment. In order to estimate the fair value of goodwill, we typically estimate future revenue,
consider market factors and estimate our future cash ﬂows. Based on these key assumptions, judgments and estimates, we determine
whether we need to record an impairment charge to reduce the value of the asset carried on our balance sheet to its estimated fair
value. Assumptions, judgments and estimates about future values are complex and often subjective. They can be affected by a
variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our
business strategy or our internal forecasts. Although we believe the assumptions, judgments and estimates we have made in the
past have been reasonable and appropriate, different assumptions, judgments and estimates could materially aﬁect our reported
ﬁnancial results.
39