Table of Contents
PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
Digital Media Offerings
Creative Cloud
Adobe Creative Cloud is a subscription offering that enables the creation of rich and engaging digital content by a wide
array of creative professionals, hobbyists and knowledge workers. Through Creative Cloud, users can easily explore, create, publish
and share their work across devices, the desktop and the web. Members have access to a vibrant creative community, publishing
services to deliver apps and websites, cloud storage to easily access their work, the ability to sync their files to Virtually any device,
collaboration capabilities with team members, and new products and exclusive updates as they are developed.
Creative Cloud members can build a Creative Profile which persists wherever they are. A user’s Creative Profile moves
with them via Creative Cloud services from app-to-app and device-to-device, giving them immediate access to their personal ﬁles,
photos, graphics, colors, fonts, text styles, desktop setting customizations and other important assets. Furthermore, Adobe
CreativeSync, powered by Adobe Sensei, synchronizes all files, photos, fonts and other assets used in a particular workﬂow so
that users can begin creative work on any device and seamlessly continue it on another.
New Creative Cloud services have been developed and delivered to subscribers to increase the utilization of Creative Cloud
capabilities beyond the use of our desktop tools. One of these new services, Adobe Stock, is an online marketplace with over 60
million curated photos, graphics, videos, templates and 3D assets that is deeply integrated with Creative Cloud apps. We believe
services such as Adobe Stock will drive higher user interaction with Creative Cloud and create upsell opportunities as users
increasingly utilize higher-tiered versions of these services.
New mobile apps that run on tablets and smartphones enable connections between Creative Cloud desktop tools and a new
family of mobile apps that extend the capabilities of Photoshop, Illustrator, Premiere Pro and Lightroom onto mobile devices. Our
mobile apps enable users to create designs with tablets as an integrated part of their creative workﬂows.
We license Creative Cloud to individuals and teams of users through Adobe.com either on a monthly subscription basis or
as an annual subscription. Channel partners also license Creative Cloud with annual team subscriptions to small or medium-sized
businesses, or to workgroups in enterprises. With larger enterprise customers, our direct sales force utilizes enterprise term license
agreements (“ETLAs”), for volume-based agreements often for multi-year terms.
Photoshop
Adobe Photoshop CC is the world’s most advanced digital imaging solution. It is used by photographers, designers,
animators, web professionals, and video professionals, and is available to Creative Cloud subscribers. Customers can also subscribe
to Photoshop CC as an individual cloud-enabled subscription product, or through our Creative Cloud Photography Plan, which is
a cloud-enabled oﬁer targeted at photographers and photo hobbyists and includes our popular Photoshop Lightroom product as a
companion tool to Photoshop. We also offer Photoshop Elements, which is targeted at consumers who desire the brand and power
of Photoshop through an easy-to-use interface. For tablet and smartphone users, we offer several mobile apps including Photoshop
Sketch, Photoshop Mix, Lightroom for mobile and Photoshop Fix—all of which enable sophisticated photo editing and content
creation using a touch-based interface on tablet and mobile devices.
Illustrator
Adobe Illustrator CC is our industry-standard vector graphics solution used worldwide by designers of all types who want
to create digital graphics and illustrations for all kinds of media: print, web, interactive, video, and mobile. Illustrator is available
to Creative Cloud subscribers, and customers can also subscribe to use it as an individual subscription product. Users can also
utilize mobile apps such as Illustrator Draw to gain access to Illustrator capabilities on their tablets and mobile devices, and sync
their work through CreativeSync for use with Illustrator on their desktop.
InDesign
Adobe InDesign is the leading professional page layout software for print and digital publishing. Our customers use it to
design, preﬂight, and publish a broad range of content including newspapers and magazines for print, online, and tablet app delivery.
Customers can create simple or complex layouts quickly and efficiently with precise control over typography, built-in creative
tools, and an intuitive design environment. Tight integration with other Adobe software such as Photoshop, Illustrator, and Acrobat
enables customers to work productively in print and digital workﬂows. Customers can also access Adobe digital publishing
capabilities from within InDesign to create and publish engaging apps for a broad range of devices, including iOS, Android and
Amazon-based devices.
8