Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Adobe Systems Incorporated:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Adobe Systems Incorporated and subsidiaries as of
December 2, 2016 and November 27, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’
equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 2, 2016. We also have audited Adobe Systems
Incorporated’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 2, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control
- Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
Adobe Systems Incorporated’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective
internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item
9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also
included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinions.
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions
of the assets of the company, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company, and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of eﬁectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Adobe Systems Incorporated and subsidiaries as of December 2, 2016 and November 27, 2015, and the results of their
operations and their cash ﬂows for each of the years in the three—year period ended December 2, 2016, in conformity with US.
generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, Adobe Systems Incorporated maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 2, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
(signed) KPMG LLP
Santa Clara, California
January 20, 2017
102