Table of Contents
we use to gauge the status of our business model transition may evolve as significant trends emerge. If we are unable to successfully
establish new offerings in light of the competitive environment, our results of operations could suﬁer.
Uncertainty about current and future economic conditions and other adverse changes in general political conditions in any of
the major countries in which we do business could adversely affect our operating results.
As our business has grown, we have become increasingly subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in economic
and political conditions, both domestically and globally. Uncertainty about the effects of current and future economic and political
conditions on us, our customers, suppliers and partners makes it difficult for us to forecast operating results and to make decisions
about future investments. If economic growth in countries where we do business slows, customers may delay or reduce technology
purchases, advertising spending or marketing spending. This could result in reductions in sales of our products and services, more
extended sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition. Our customers include government
entities, including the US. federal government, and if spending cuts impede the government’s ability to purchase our products
and services, our revenue could decline. Deterioration in economic conditions in any of the countries in which we do business
could also cause slower or impaired collections on accounts receivable, which may adversely impact our liquidity and financial
condition.
A ﬁnancial sector credit crisis could impair credit availability and the ﬁnancial stability of our customers, including our
distribution partners and channels. A disruption in the financial markets may also have an eﬁect on our derivative counterparties
and could also impair our banking partners, on which we rely for operating cash management. Any of these events would likely
harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Political instability or adverse political developments in or around any of the major countries in which we do business would
also likely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Certain of our enterprise offerings have extended and complex sales cycles, which can make our sales cycles unpredictable.
Sales cycles for some of our enterprise offerings, including our Adobe Marketing Cloud solutions and ETLAs in our Digital
Media business, are multi-phased and complex. The complexity in these sales cycles is due to a number of factors, including:
- the need for our sales representatives to educate customers about the use and benefit of our large-scale deployments of
our products and services, including technical capabilities, security features, potential cost savings and return on
investment;
- the desire of large and medium size organizations to undertake significant evaluation processes to determine their
technology requirements prior to making information technology expenditures;
- the need for our representatives to spend a significant amount of time assisting potential customers in their testing and
evaluation of our products and services;
- the negotiation of large, complex, enterprise-wide contracts, as often required by our and our customers’ business and
legal representatives;
- the need for our customers to obtain requisition approvals from various decision makers within their organizations;
and
- customer budget constraints, economic conditions and unplanned administrative delays.
We spend substantial time and expense on our sales efforts without any assurance that potential customers will ultimately
purchase our solutions. As we target our sales efforts at larger enterprise customers, these trends are expected to continue and could
have a greater impact on our results of operations. Additionally, our enterprise sales pattern has historically been uneven, where
a higher percentage of a quarter’s total sales occur during the ﬁnal weeks of each quarter, which is common in our industry. Our
extended sales cycle for these products and services makes it difficult to predict when a given sales cycle will close.
Security vulnerabilities in our products and systems could lead to reduced revenue or to liability claims.
Maintaining the security of our products, computers and networks is a critical issue for us and our customers. Security
researchers, criminal hackers and other third parties regularly develop new techniques to penetrate computer and network security
measures and, as we have previously disclosed, certain parties have in the past managed to breach certain of our data security
systems and misused certain of our systems and software in order to access our end users’ authentication and payment information.
In addition, cyber—attackers also develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs, some of which may
be specifically designed to attack our products, systems, computers or networks. Sophisticated hardware and operating system
22