Table of Contents
Net revenue, margin or earnings shortfalls or the volatility of the market generally may cause the market price of our stock to
decline.
The market price for our common stock has in the past experienced significant ﬂuctuations and may do so in the future. A
number of factors may affect the market price for our common stock, including:
° shortfalls in our revenue, margins, earnings, Annualized Recurring Revenue (“ARR”), bookings within our Adobe
Marketing Cloud business or other key performance metrics;
- changes in estimates or recommendations by securities analysts;
- whether our results meet analysts’ expectations;
- compression or expansion of multiples used by investors and analysts to value high technology SaaS companies;
- the announcement of new products or services, product enhancements or service introductions by us or our competitors;
- the loss of large customers or our inability to increase sales to existing customers, retain customers or attract new
customers;
- variations in our or our competitors” results of operations, changes in the competitive landscape generally and
developments in our industry; and
- unusual events such as significant acquisitions, divestitures, litigation, general socio-economic, regulatory, political or
market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance.
In addition, the technology industry as a whole may experience uneven investor conﬁdence, which may cause the market
price for our common stock to decline for reasons unrelated to our operating performance.
We are subject to risks associated with compliance with laws and regulations globally which may harm our business.
We are a global company subject to varied and complex laws, regulations and customs, both domestically and internationally.
These laws and regulations relate to a number of aspects of our business, including trade protection, import and export control,
data and transaction processing security, payment card industry data security standards, records management, user-generated
content hosted on websites we operate, privacy practices, data residency, corporate governance, anti-trust and competition,
employee and third-party complaints, anti-corruption, gift policies, conﬂicts of interest, employment and labor relations laws,
securities regulations and other regulatory requirements affecting trade and investment. The application of these laws and regulations
to our business is often unclear and may at times conﬂict. Compliance with these laws and regulations may involve significant
costs or require changes in our business practices that result in reduced revenue and profitability. Non-compliance could also result
in fines, damages, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business, and
damage to our reputation. We incur additional legal compliance costs associated with our global operations and could become
subject to legal penalties if we fail to comply with local laws and regulations in US. jurisdictions or in foreign countries, which
laws and regulations may be substantially different from those in the United States. In many foreign countries, particularly in those
with developing economies, it is common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by US. regulations applicable to us,
including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. We cannot provide assurance that all of our employees, contractors and agents, as
well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, including those based in or from countries
where practices that violate such US. laws may be customary, will not take actions in violation of our internal policies or US.
laws and regulations. Any such violation could have an adverse effect on our business.
We face various risks associated with our operating as a multinational corporation.
As a global business that generates approximately 42% of our total revenue from sales to customers outside of the Americas,
we are subject to a number of risks, including:
- foreign currency ﬂuctuations;
- changes in government preferences for software procurement;
- international and regional economic, political and labor conditions, including any instability or security concerns abroad;
- tax laws (including US. taxes on foreign subsidiaries);
- increased ﬁnancial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities;
29