Table of Contents
Adobe Audience Manager
Adobe Audience Manager is a data management platform that helps digital publishers build unique audience proﬁles in
order to identify the most valuable segments and use them across any digital channel. Adobe Audience Manager consolidates
audience information from all available sources. It then identifies, quantifies, and optimizes high-value target audiences, which
can then be offered to advertisers via an integrated, secure, privacy-friendly management system that works across all advertising
distribution platforms. Adobe Audience Manager provides access to multiple data sources, offering digital publishers the ability
to use a wide variety of third-party data as well as Audience Manager’s private data co-op.
Adobe Primetime
Adobe Primetime is a modular platform for video publishing, advertising, and analytics, enabling content programmers
and distributors to profit from their video content by making every screen a TV-including personal computer, smartphone and
tablet screens. When integrated with the Adobe Marketing Cloud, media sellers can optimize campaign and advertisement delivery
in real time. Primetime consists of the following components: PayTV Pass, a universal system for validating access to pay TV
content, DRM, which is digital rights management technology to protect video content from unauthorized copying or access, Ad
Insertion, providing for the seamless insertion of advertisements into live and video-on—demand content; Ad Decisioning, providing
for the ability to determine which advertisements should be published; and Video Player SDK, which gives programmers and
distributors the ability to measure, analyze and optimize online video delivery.
T ubeMogul
We acquired TubeMogul in December 2016 following the end of our fiscal year. Our TubeMogul solution enables advertisers
to plan, buy, measure and optimize global advertising spend from a single platform. Our platform incorporates our proprietary
programmatic technologies, including real-time bidding, automated optimization and advanced audience targeting capabilities,
and integrates key third-party technologies. Through an intuitive user interface, our customers are able to control and automate
advertising spend across the various sources of inventory, including inventory acquired directly from individual publishers, to
reach targeted audiences across digital devices at any time. In addition, by using a single platform, our customers benefit from
comprehensive, real-time reporting that is comparable across sources of inventory, geographies, digital devices and ad formats.
We make our cloud-based platform available through two offerings: Platform Direct, which allows advertisers to continuously
run campaigns through a self-serve model, and Platform Services, which allows advertisers to specify campaign objectives and
have our team execute on their behalf using our platform.
Other Products and Solutions
We also offer a broad range of other enterprise and digital media products and solutions. Information about other
products not referenced here can be found on our corporate website, www.adobe.com, under the “Products” tab available in the
“Menu.”
COMPETITION
The markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition, new industry standards, evolving
business and distribution models, disruptive software and hardware technology developments, frequent new product introductions,
short product life cycles, price cutting with resulting downward pressure on gross margins and price sensitivity on the part of
consumers. Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance and better integrate our existing products, introduce new
products on a timely and cost-effective basis, meet changing customer needs, provide best-in-class information security to build
customer confidence and combat cyber-attacks, extend our core technology into new applications and anticipate and respond to
emerging standards, business models, software delivery methods and other technological changes.
Digital Media
No single company has oﬂerings identical to our Creative Cloud products and services, but we face collective competition
from a variety of point offerings, free products and downloadable apps. Our competitors include offerings from companies such
as Apple, Autodesk, Avid, Corel, Microsoft, Quark, Getty Images, Shutterstock and others, as well as from many lower-end
offerings available on touch-enabled devices via app stores, and from various open source initiatives. We believe our greatest
advantage in this space is the scope of our integrated solutions, which work together as part of Creative Cloud. With Creative
Cloud we also compete favorably on the basis of features and functionality, ease of use, product reliability, value and performance
characteristics.
12