Table of Contents
to create much of the printed and online information people see, read and interact with every day, including video, animation,
mobile and advertising content. Knowledge workers, educators, hobbyists and consumers also use our solutions to create and
deliver creative content.
Our Digital Media business offers many of the products included in Creative Cloud on a standalone basis, including cloud-
enabled subscriptions to the Creative Cloud version of certain point products. We also offer a range of other creative tools and
services, including our hobbyist products such as Adobe Photoshop Elements and Adobe Premiere Elements, Adobe Typekit and
mobile apps such as Adobe Photoshop Mix, Adobe Photoshop Sketch, Adobe Photoshop Fix, Adobe Capture CC, and Adobe Spark
that run on tablets and mobile devices. Further descriptions of our Digital Media products are included below under “Principal
Products and Services.”
Adobe’s Digital Media segment also includes our Document Cloud business, built around our Acrobat family of solutions,
the Adobe Acrobat Reader and a set of integrated cloud-based document services. For over twenty years, Adobe Acrobat has
provided for the reliable creation and exchange of electronic documents, regardless of platform or application source type. Users
can collaborate on documents with electronic comments and tailor the security of a ﬁle in order to distribute reliable Adobe PDF
documents that can be viewed, printed or filled out utilizing our free Adobe Acrobat Reader. Acrobat provides essential electronic
document capabilities and services to help knowledge workers accomplish a wide range of tasks ranging from simple publications
and forms to mission-critical engineering documentation and architectural plans. With our Acrobat product and its innovative
cloud services, we have extended the capabilities of our solutions. Users can take advantage of electronic document signing with
Adobe Sign and manage, track and control documents through Adobe Send & Track.
Digital Media Strategy
Our goal is to be the leading provider of tools and services that allow individuals, small and medium businesses and
enterprises to create, publish and monetize their content anywhere.
We expect to continue driving new user adoption of our creative business over the next several years outside of our core
creative professional target market because of the attractive monthly subscription pricing for Creative Cloud combined with the
strong brand of our creative solutions and the broad value proposition provided by Creative Cloud. The subscription model results
in a ratably reported revenue stream that is recurring and highly predictable.
We are focused on migrating existing users from older versions to current versions of our offerings, and new customer
adoption. Aspects of this strategy include: focusing future innovation by our engineering teams on delivering cloud-based
functionality, such as Creative Cloud Libraries and Adobe CreativeSync, to enable our customers to use our creative tools and
services across a variety of devices in ways that are not possible with previous desktop versions; integrating Creative Cloud with
our Adobe Stock online marketplace offerings; increasing the value of Creative Cloud by delivering frequent updates and
enhancements to subscribers to address their content creation challenges; using promotions to attract customers to the offering;
expanding our go-to-market reach through channel partners to acquire new customers; and utilizing Creative Cloud for teams and
Creative Cloud for enterprise offerings to drive broad adoption with customers who license our offerings in volume.
As part of our Creative Cloud strategy, we utilize our digital marketing solutions to drive customer awareness of our creative
products and increase sales of our products through our website and across other channels. Adobe.com is increasingly becoming
the destination site where we engage individual and small business customers to sign up for and renew Creative Cloud subscriptions.
We utilize channel partners to target mid-size creative customers with our Creative Cloud for teams offering. Our direct sales force
is focused on building relationships with our largest customers and driving adoption of our Creative Cloud for enterprise offering.
In our Document Cloud business, although Acrobat has achieved strong market adoption in document-intensive industries
such as government, financial services, pharmaceutical, legal, aerospace, insurance and technical publishing, we believe there are
tens of millions of users who still need the capabilities provided by Acrobat. We plan to continue to market the benefits of our
Document Cloud solutions, combined with the low entry point of subscription-based pricing, to individuals as well as small and
medium-sized businesses, large enterprises and government institutions around the world and increase our seat penetration in these
markets through the utilization of our corporate and volume licensing programs. We also intend to increase our focus on marketing
and licensing Acrobat in targeted vertical markets such as education, financial services, telecommunications and government, as
well as on expanding into emerging markets, while simultaneously enhancing and building out the delivery of cloud-based document
services to our Acrobat and Adobe Acrobat Reader users. We intend to continue promoting the capabilities of our cloud-based
document solutions to millions of Acrobat users and hundreds of millions of Adobe Acrobat Reader users. Our Adobe Sign services
provide a green alternative to costly paper-based solutions, and are an easier way for customers to manage their contract workﬂows.
We believe that by growing the awareness of electronic signatures in the broader contract delivery and signing market and continuing
to add new capabilities to our Adobe Sign oﬁering, we can help our customers migrate away from paper-based express mailing
and adopt our solution, growing our revenue with this business in the process.
5