Table of Contents
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
As previously discussed, our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Factors that might
cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below. These and many other factors described
in this report could adversely affect our operations, performance and ﬁnancial condition.
If we cannot continue to develop, market and offer new products and services or enhancements to existing products and services
that meet customer requirements, our operating results could suffer:
The process of developing new technology products and services and enhancing existing offerings is complex, costly and
uncertain. If we fail to anticipate customers’ changing needs and emerging technological trends, our market share and results of
operations could suffer. We must make long-term investments, develop or obtain appropriate intellectual property and commit
significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reﬂect customer demand for our products and services.
If we are unable to extend our core technologies into new applications and platforms and to anticipate or respond to technological
trends, the market’s acceptance of our products and services could decline and our results would suffer. Additionally, any delay
in the development, marketing or launch of a new offering or enhancement to an existing oﬂering could result in customer attrition
or impede our ability to attract new customers, causing a decline in our revenue, earnings or stock price and weakening our
competitive position. Furthermore, third parties market certain of our offerings and support certain product functionality. If we
are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our strategic relationships with these third parties, our ability to compete in the
marketplace, to reach new customers and geographies or to grow our revenue could be impaired and our operating results could
suffer.
We offer our products on a variety of hardware platforms. Consumers continue to shift away from personal computers to
tablet and mobile devices. If we cannot continue to adapt our products to tablet and mobile devices, our business could be harmed.
To the extent that consumer purchases of these devices slow down, or to the extent that significant demand arises for our products
or competitive products on other platforms before we offer our products on those platforms, our business could be harmed. Releases
of new devices or operating systems may make it more difficult for our products to perform or may require significant costs in
order for us to adapt our solutions to such devices or operating systems. These potential costs and delays could harm our business.
Introduction of new products, services and business models by competitors or others could harm our competitive position and
results of operations.
The markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition, evolving industry standards, emerging
business and distribution models, disruptive technology developments, short life cycles, customer price sensitivity and frequent
new product introductions (including alternatives with limited functionality available at lower costs or free of charge). Any of
these factors could create downward pressure on pricing and gross margins and could adversely affect our renewal and upgrade
rates, as well as our ability to attract new customers. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and better
integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, meet
changing customer needs, extend our core technology into new applications, and anticipate emerging standards, business models,
software delivery methods and other technological developments. If any competing products, services or operating systems that
are not compatible with our solutions achieve widespread acceptance, our operating results could suffer. In addition, consolidation
has occurred among some of the competitors in the markets in which we compete. Further consolidations in these markets may
subject us to increased competitive pressures and may therefore harm our results of operations.
The introduction of certain technologies may reduce the eﬁectiveness of our products. For example, some of our products
rely on third-party cookies, which are placed on individual browsers when consumers visit websites that contain advertisements.
We use these cookies to help our customers more effectively advertise, to gauge the performance of their advertisements, and to
detect and prevent fraudulent activity. Consumers can block or delete cookies through their browsers or “ad-blocking” software
or applications. The most common Internet browsers allow consumers to modify their browser settings to prevent cookies from
being accepted by their browsers, or are set to block third-party cookies by default. Increased use of methods, software or applications
that block cookies could harm our business.
For additional information regarding our competition and the risks arising out of the competitive environment in which
we operate, see the section entitled “Competition” contained in Part I, Item 1 of this report.
We may be unable to predict subscription renewal rates and the impact these rates may have on our future revenue and operating
results.
The hosted business model we use in our Adobe Marketing Cloud offerings typically involves selling services on a
subscription basis pursuant to service agreements that are generally one to three years in length. Our individual Creative Cloud
and Document Cloud subscription agreements are generally month-to-month or one year in length, ETLAs for our Digital Media
20