Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS
T he following discussion should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto.
ACQUISITIONS
During fiscal 2015, we completed our acquisition of privately held F otolia, a leading marketplace for royalty-free photos,
images, graphics and HD videos, for $807.5 million. During fiscal 2015, we integrated F otolia into our Digital Media reportable
segment.
We also completed other immaterial business acquisitions during the fiscal years presented. Pro forma information has not
been presented for any of our fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 acquisitions as the impact to our Consolidated Financial Statements was
not material.
Subsequent to December 2, 2016, we completed our acquisition of TubeMogul, a publicly held video advertising platform
company, for approximately $549 million in cash consideration, as well as the assumption of certain employee equity awards. The
initial purchase accounting for this transaction has not yet been completed given the short period of time between the acquisition
date and the issuance of these financial statements. TubeMogul will be integrated into our Digital Marketing reportable segment
for financial reporting purposes in the first quarter of fiscal 2017.
See Note 2 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding these acquisitions.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
In preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of
the SEC, we make assumptions, judgments and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses,
and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our assumptions, judgments and estimates on historical
experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. On a regular basis, we evaluate our assumptions, judgments and
estimates. We also discuss our critical accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
We believe that the assumptions, judgments and estimates involved in the accounting for revenue recognition, business
combinations, goodwill impairment and income taxes have the greatest potential impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
These areas are key components of our results of operations and are based on complex rules requiring us to make judgments and
estimates, so we consider these to be our critical accounting policies. Historically, our assumptions, judgments and estimates
relative to our critical accounting policies have not differed materially from actual results.
Revenue Recognition
Our revenue is derived from the subscription, non-software related hosted services, perpetual and term-based licensing of
software products, associated software maintenance and support plans, consulting services, training and technical support. Most
of our enterprise customer arrangements are complex, involving multiple solutions and various license rights, bundled with post-
contract customer support and other meaningful rights that together provide a complete end-to-end solution to the customer.
Throughout the contract period, customers use our solutions to complete various phases of the creative and/or marketing processes
allowing them to concurrently work on multiple projects. In response to evolving customer and market expectations, we frequently
expand and improve our technology to keep up with the pace of change, to provide enhancements to our tools to meet industry
needs and to provide support at each stage of the customer ’5 life cycle.
We recognize revenue when all four revenue recognition criteria have been met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists, we have delivered the product or performed the service, the fee is fixed or determinable and collection is probable.
Determining whether and when some of these criteria have been satisfied often involves assumptions and judgments that can have
a signiﬁcant impact on the timing and amount of revenue we report.
We enter into multiple element revenue arrangements in which a customer may purchase a combination of software, upgrades,
maintenance and support, hosted services and consulting.
For our software and software-related multiple element arrangements, we must: (1) determine whether and when each
element has been delivered; (2) determine whether undelivered products or services are essential to the functionality of the delivered
products and services, (3) determine the fair value of each undelivered element using vendor-specific objective evidence (“VS OE”);
and (4) allocate the total price among the various elements. VSOE of fair value is used to allocate a portion of the price to the
undelivered elements and the residual method is used to allocate the remaining portion to the delivered elements. Absent VSOE,
37