Table of Contents
merchandisers, web analysts, marketing executives, information management executives, product development executives, and
sales and support executives. We process over 90 trillion data transactions a year via our SaaS products, providing our customers
with analytics, social, targeting, media optimization, digital experience management, cross-channel campaign management,
audience management and video solutions. This complements our digital media franchise, bringing together the art of creating
and managing content with the science of measuring and optimizing it, enabling our customers to achieve their optimal business
outcomes.
We believe we are uniquely positioned to be a leader in both the Digital Media and Digital Marketing categories, where
our mission is to change the world through digital experiences. By integrating products from each of these two areas of Adobe’s
business, our customers are able to utilize a comprehensive suite of solutions and services that no other company currently offers.
In addition, our ability to deliver innovation and productivity improvements across customer workﬂows involving the creation,
management, delivery, measurement and optimization of engaging content favorably positions Adobe as our customers continue
investing in engaging their constituents digitally.
SEGMENTS
Our business is organized into three reportable segments: Digital Media, Digital Marketing and Print and Publishing. These
segments provide Adobe’s senior management with a comprehensive financial view of our key businesses. Our segments are
aligned around our two strategic growth opportunities described above, placing our Print and Publishing business in a third segment
that contains some of our mature products and solutions.
This overview provides an explanation of our markets and a discussion of strategic opportunities in fiscal 2017 and beyond
for each of our segments. See “Results of Operations” within Part II, Item 7 titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations ” and Note I 7 of ourN otes to Consolidated F inancial Statements for further segment
information.
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OVERVIEW
Digital Media
Digital Media Opportunity
Recent technology trends in digital communications continue to provide a significant market opportunity for Adobe in
digital media. Due to increases in mobile computing and bandwidth, rich media consumed in digital environments and the rise of
online social communities, the demand for digital media solutions to create engaging online experiences is higher than ever. Adobe
is in a strong position to capitalize on this opportunity by delivering rapid innovation to increase our customer reach, deepen
engagement with communities and accelerate long-term revenue growth by focusing on cloud-based offerings, which are licensed
on a subscription basis.
The ﬂagship of our Digital Media business is Adobe Creative Cloud—a subscription service that allows members to use
Adobe’s creative products integrated with cloud-delivered services across desktops, web and mobile devices. Creative Cloud
members can download and access the latest versions of our creative products such as Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop Lightroom, Adobe InDesign and many more creative applications. They can also use Creative
Cloud mobile apps and integrated cloud-delivered services on their connected devices such as smartphones and mobile devices
to augment their creative process wherever they go. In addition, members can access a growing marketplace of digital content
through Adobe Stock, a leading online marketplace for photos, graphics and videos, as well as fonts from the Adobe Typekit
marketplace. Through Creative Cloud, members can access online services to sync, store, and share ﬁles; showcase and discover
work on Behance, the largest online community of creative professionals; publish and deliver digital content via app stores; develop
mobile apps; and design and manage websites. Adobe is redefining the creative process with Creative Cloud so that our customers
can obtain everything they need to create, collaborate and deliver engaging digital content. A core part of Creative Cloud is Adobe
Sensei, a new framework and set of intelligent services for dramatically improving the design and delivery of digital experiences.
Adobe Sensei leverages machine learning, artificial intelligence (AI) and deep learning capabilities to tackle today’s complex
creative experience challenges.
Creative Cloud addresses the needs of creative professionals including graphic designers, production artists, web designers
and developers, experience and user interface designers, videographers, motion graphic artists, prepress professionals, video game
developers, mobile application developers, students and administrators. They rely on our solutions for publishing, web design and
development, video and animation production, mobile app and gaming development and document creation and collaboration.
End users of our creative tools work in businesses ranging from large publishers, media companies and global enterprises, to
smaller design agencies, small and medium-sized businesses and individual freelancers. Moreover, our creative solutions are used
4