Table of Contents
ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Goodwill, Purchased Intangibles and Other Long-Lived Assets
Goodwill is assigned to one or more reporting segments on the date of acquisition. We review our goodwill for impairment
annually during our second quarter of each fiscal year. In performing our goodwill impairment test, we first evaluate goodwill to
determine if it is more likely than not that the occurrence of an event or change in circumstances has reduced the fair value of a
reporting segment below its carrying value. The qualitative assessment requires that we consider events or circumstances that may
include macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance, changes in
management or key personnel, changes in strategy, changes in customers, changes in the composition or carrying amount of a
reporting segments ’ net assets, and changes in our stock price. If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, we determine
that it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting segments are greater than the carrying amounts, then the two-step
goodwill impairment test is not performed.
If the qualitative assessment indicates that the two-step quantitative analysis should be performed, we evaluate goodwill
for impairment by comparing the fair value of each of our reporting segments to its carrying value, including the associated
goodwill. To determine the fair values, we use the equal weighting of the market approach based on comparable publicly traded
companies in similar lines of businesses and the income approach based on estimated discounted future cash ﬂows. Our cash ﬂow
assumptions consider historical and forecasted revenue, operating costs and other relevant factors.
We completed our annual goodwill impairment test in the second quarter of ﬁscal 2016. We determined, after performing
a qualitative review of each reporting segment, that it is more likely than not that the fair value of each of our reporting segments
substantially exceeds the respective carrying amounts. Accordingly, there was no indication of impairment, and the two-step
goodwill impairment test was not performed.
We amortize intangible assets with finite lives over their estimated useful lives and review them for impairment whenever
an impairment indicator exists. We continually monitor events and changes in circumstances that could indicate carrying amounts
of our long-lived assets, including our intangible assets may not be recoverable. When such events or changes in circumstances
occur, we assess recoverability by determining whether the carrying value of such assets will be recovered through the undiscounted
expected future cash ﬂows. If the future undiscounted cash ﬂows are less than the carrying amount of these assets, we recognize
an impairment loss based on any excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the assets. We did not recognize any intangible
asset impairment charges in ﬁscal 2016, 2015 or 2014.
During fiscal 2016, our intangible assets were amortized over their estimated useful lives ranging from 1 to 14 years.
Amortization is based on the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset will be consumed or on a straight-line
basis when the consumption pattern is not apparent. The weighted average useful lives of our intangible assets were as follows:
Weighted
Average
Useful Life
7 (years) 7
l Purchased technology 6 l
Customer contracts and relationships 8
l Trademarks 8 ‘
Acquired rights to use technology 9
l Localization l ‘
Other intangibles 4
Software Development Costs
Capitalization of software development costs for software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed begins upon the
establishment of technological feasibility, which is generally the completion of a working prototype that has been certified as
having no critical bugs and is a release candidate. Amortization begins once the software is ready for its intended use, generally
based on the pattern in which the economic benefits will be consumed. To date, software development costs incurred between
completion of a working prototype and general availability of the related product have not been material.
70