Table of Contents
is also dependent on our ability to retain, hire and motivate talented, highly skilled personnel across all levels of our organization.
Experienced personnel in the information technology industry are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense in
many areas where our employees are located. If we are unable to continue to successfully attract and retain key personnel, our
business may be harmed. Effective succession planning is also a key factor for our long-term success. Our failure to enable the
effective transfer of knowledge and facilitate smooth transitions of our key employees could adversely affect our long-term strategic
planning and execution.
We believe that a critical contributor to our success to date has been our corporate culture, which we have built to foster
innovation, teamwork and employee satisfaction. As we grow, including from the integration of employees and businesses acquired
in connection with previous or future acquisitions, we may find it diﬁicult to maintain important aspects of our corporate culture,
which could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel who are essential to our future success.
Changes in tax rules and regulations, or interpretations thereoﬂ may adversely affect our effective tax rates.
We are a U.S .-based multinational company subject to tax in multiple U. S. and foreign tax jurisdictions. A significant portion
of our foreign earnings for the current ﬁscal year were earned by our Irish subsidiaries. In addition to providing for U.S. income
taxes on earnings from the United States, we provide for U.S. income taxes on the earnings of foreign subsidiaries unless the
subsidiaries” earnings are considered permanently reinvested outside the United States. While we do not anticipate changing our
intention regarding permanently reinvested earnings, if certain foreign earnings previously treated as permanently reinvested are
repatriated, the related U.S. tax liability may be reduced by any foreign income taxes paid on these earnings.
Our income tax expense has differed from the tax computed at the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate due primarily to
discrete items and to earnings considered as permanently reinvested in foreign operations. Unanticipated changes in our tax rates
could affect our future results of operations. Our future effective tax rates could be unfavorably affected by changes in the tax rates
in jurisdictions where our income is earned, by changes in or our interpretation of tax rules and regulations in the jurisdictions in
which we do business, by unanticipated decreases in the amount of earnings in countries with low statutory tax rates, or by changes
in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. The United States, the European Commission, countries in the EU and
other countries where we do business have been considering changes in relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations and
interpretations, including changes to tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals such as Adobe. These potential changes could
adversely affect our effective tax rates or result in other costs to us.
In addition, we are subject to the continual examination of our income tax returns by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service
(“IRS”) and other domestic and foreign tax authorities. These tax examinations are expected to focus on our intercompany transfer
pricing practices as well as other matters. We regularly assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting from these examinations to
determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and have reserved for adjustments that may result from the current
examinations. We cannot provide assurance that the final determination of any of these examinations will not have an adverse
effect on our operating results and financial position.
We may incur losses associated with currency ﬂuctuations and may not be able to effectively hedge our exposure.
Because our products are distributed and used globally, our operating results are subject to ﬂuctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates. We attempt to mitigate a portion of these risks through foreign currency hedging, based on our judgment of the
appropriate trade-oﬁs among risk, opportunity and expense. We have established a program to partially hedge our exposure to
foreign currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations for various currencies and we regularly review this hedging program and make
adjustments as necessary based on the factors discussed above. Our hedging activities may not offset more than a portion of the
adverse financial impact resulting from unfavorable movement in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect
our financial condition or results of operations.
If we fail to process transactions effectively, our revenue and earnings may be harmed
We process a significant volume of transactions on a daily basis in our Digital Marketing and Digital Media businesses.
Due to the size and volume of transactions that we handle, effective processing systems and controls are essential, but even the
most sophisticated systems and controls may not be eﬁective in preventing all errors. The systems supporting our business are
comprised of multiple technology platforms that may be difficult to scale. If we are unable to effectively manage these systems
and processes, we may be unable to process customer data in an accurate, reliable and timely manner, which may harm our customer
relationships or results of operations.
28