Table of Contents
ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
The fair values of our money market mutual funds and time deposits are based on the closing price of these assets as of the
reporting date. We classify our money market mutual funds and time deposits as Level 1.
Our Level 2 over-the-counter foreign currency and interest rate swap derivatives are valued using pricing models and
discounted cash ﬂow methodologies based on observable foreign exchange and interest rate data at the measurement date.
Our deferred compensation plan assets consist of money market mutual funds and other mutual funds.
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis
We also have direct investments in privately held companies accounted for under the cost method, which are periodically
assessed for other-than-temporary impairment. If we determine that an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred, we write
down the investment to its fair value. We estimate fair value of our cost method investments considering available information
such as pricing in recent rounds of financing, current cash positions, earnings and cash ﬂow forecasts, recent operational performance
and any other readily available market data. During fiscal 2016, we determined there were immaterial other-than-temporary
impairments on certain of our cost method investments and wrote down the investments to fair value. During fiscal 2015, we
determined there were no other-than-temporary impairments on our cost method investments.
As of December 2, 2016, the carrying value of our lease receivables approximated fair value, based on Level 2 valuation
inputs which include Treasury rates, London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) interest rates and applicable credit spreads. See
Note I 4 for further details regarding our investment in lease receivables.
The fair value of our senior notes was $1.97 billion as of December 2, 2016, based on observable market prices in less
active markets and categorized as Level 2. See Note I 5 for further details regarding our debt.
NOTE 5. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGIN G ACTIVITIES
Hedge Accounting and Hedging Programs
We recognize derivative instruments and hedging activities as either assets or liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets
and measure them at fair value. Gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value are accounted for depending on the use of
the derivative and whether it is designated and qualifies for hedge accounting.
We evaluate hedge effectiveness at the inception of the hedge prospectively as well as retrospectively, and record any
ineffective portion of the hedging instruments in interest and other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of
Income. The net gain (loss) recognized in interest and other income (expense), net for cash ﬂow hedges due to hedge ineffectiveness
was insigniﬁcant for all fiscal years presented. The time value of purchased contracts is recorded in interest and other income
(expense), net in our Consolidated Statements of Income.
The bank counterparties to these contracts expose us to credit-related losses in the event of their nonperformance which
are largely mitigated with collateral security agreements that provide for collateral to be received or posted when the net fair value
of certain financial instruments ﬂuctuates from contractually established thresholds. In addition, we enter into master netting
arrangements which have the ability to further limit credit-related losses with the same counterparty by permitting net settlement
of transactions. Our hedging policy also establishes maximum limits for each counterparty to mitigate any concentration of risk.
Balance Sheet Hedging=Hedges of Foreign Currency Assets and Liabilities
We also hedge our net recognized foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities with foreign exchange forward
contracts to reduce the risk that the value of these assets and liabilities will be adversely affected by changes in exchange rates.
These contracts hedge assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies and are carried at fair value with changes
in the fair value recorded to interest and other income (expense), net in our Consolidated Statements of Income. These contracts
do not subject us to material balance sheet risk due to exchange rate movements because gains and losses on these derivatives are
intended to offset gains and losses on the assets and liabilities being hedged.
79