Table of Contents
Cash F lows from Investing Activities
For fiscal 2016, net cash used for investing activities of $960.0 million was primarily due to purchases of short-term
investments. Other uses of cash represented purchases of property and equipment, purchases of long-term investments and other
assets, and an immaterial acquisition. These cash outﬂows were offset in part by sales and maturities of short-term investments.
For fiscal 20 15, net cash used for investing activities of $ 1 .49 billion was primarily due to purchases of short-term investments
and our acquisition of F otolia. Other uses of cash during fiscal 2015 represented purchases of property and equipment, and long-
term investments and other assets. These cash outﬂows were offset in part by sales and maturities of short-term investments and
proceeds received from the sale of certain property assets. See Note 2 and Note 6 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for
more detailed information regarding our acquisition of F otolia and sale of property assets, respectively.
For fiscal 2014, net cash used for investing activities of $490.7 million was primarily due to purchases of short-term
investments, purchases of property and equipment and a business acquisition. These cash outﬂows were offset in part by sales
and maturities of short-term investments.
Cash F lows from Financing Activities
For ﬁscal 2016, net cash used for financing activities of $ 1 .09 billion was primarily due to payments for our treasury stock
repurchases and costs associated with the issuance of treasury stock, offset in part by proceeds from the issuance of treasury stock
and excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation.
In January 2015, we issued $1 billion of 3.25% senior notes due February 1, 2025 (the “2025 Notes”). Our proceeds were
approximately $989.3 million which is net of an issuance discount of $10.7 million. In addition, we incurred issuance costs of
$7.9 million. Both the discount and issuance costs are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2025 Notes using
the effective interest method. The 2025 Notes rank equally with our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness.
We used $600 million of the proceeds from the 2025 Notes offering to repay the outstanding balance plus accrued and
unpaid interest of the $600 million 3.25% senior notes due February 1, 2015 (“2015 Notes”). The remaining proceeds were used
for general corporate purposes. See Note 15 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for more detailed information.
In addition to the 2025 Notes issuance and 2015 Notes repayment, other financing activities during ﬁscal 2015 also include
payments for our treasury stock repurchases and costs associated with the issuance of treasury stock, offset in part by proceeds
from the issuance of treasury stock and excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation.
For fiscal 2014, net cash used for ﬁnancing activities of $507.3 million was primarily due to payments for our treasury
stock repurchases and costs associated with the issuance of treasury stock, offset in part by proceeds from the issuance of treasury
stock and excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation.
See the section titled “Stock Repurchase Program ” discussed below.
We expect to continue our investing activities, including short-term and long-term investments, venture capital, facilities
expansion and purchases of computer systems for research and development, sales and marketing, product support and
administrative staff. Furthermore, cash reserves may be used to repurchase stock under our stock repurchase program and to
strategically acquire companies, products or technologies that are complementary to our business.
Other Liquidity and Capital Resources Considerations
Our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment balances may ﬂuctuate during ﬁscal 2017 due to changes in our planned
cash outlay, including changes in incremental costs such as direct and integration costs related to our acquisitions. Our cash and
investments totaled $4.76 billion as of December 2, 2016. Of this amount, approximately 83% was held by our foreign subsidiaries
and subject to material repatriation tax effects. Our intent is to permanently reinvest a significant portion of our earnings from
foreign operations, and current plans do not anticipate that we will need funds generated from foreign operations to fund our
domestic operations. In the event funds from foreign operations are needed to fund operations in the United States and if US. tax
has not already been previously provided, we would provide for and pay additional U.S. taxes in connection with repatriating
these funds.
54