Table of Contents
Digital Marketing
The markets in which our Digital Marketing business unit competes are growing rapidly and characterized by intense
competition. Our Adobe Marketing Cloud solutions face competition from large companies such as Google, IBM, Marketo, Oracle,
salesforce.com, SAP, SAS, Yahoo! , Verizon, Teradata and others, in addition to point product solutions and focused competitors.
Additionally, new competitors are constantly entering these markets. Some of these competitors provide SaaS solutions to
customers, generally through a web browser, while others provide software that is installed by customers directly on their servers.
In addition, we compete at times with our customers’ or potential customers’ internally developed applications. Of the competitors
listed above, no single company has products identical to our Adobe Marketing Cloud offerings. Adobe Marketing Cloud competes
in a variety of areas, including: reporting and analytics; cross-channel marketing and optimization; online and social marketing;
audience management; advertising and real-time bidding technology; video delivery and monetization; web experience
management and others.
Many of the companies with which we compete offer a variety of products or services and as a result could also bundle
their products or services, which may result in these companies effectively selling their products or services at or below market
prices for individual products. In addition, large software, internet and database management companies have expanded their
offerings in the digital marketing area, either by developing competing services or by acquiring existing competitors or strategic
partners of ours. We believe competitive factors in our markets include the proven performance, security, scalability, ﬂexibility
and reliability of services; the strategic relationships and integration with third-party applications; the intuitiveness and visual
appeal of user interfaces; demonstrable cost-effective beneﬁts to customers; pricing; the ﬂexibility of services to match changing
business demands; enterprise-level customer service and training; perceived market leadership; the usability of services; real-time
data and reporting; independence from portals and search engines; the ability to deploy the services globally; and success in
educating customers in how to utilize services eﬁectively. We believe we compete favorably with both the enterprise and low-
cost alternatives based on many of these competitive factors including our strong feature set, the breadth of our offerings, our
focus on global, multi-brand companies, our superior user experience, tools for building multi-screen, cross-channel applications,
standards-based architecture, scalability and performance and leadership in industry standards efforts.
Creative and digital agencies, as well as 81s, are increasingly investing in acquiring their own digital marketing technology
to complement their creative services offerings. Adobe may face competition from these agencies and 81s as they come to market
with best-of-breed offerings in one or more digital marketing capabilities, or if agencies attempt to create a more complete
technology platform offering. We believe our creative tools heritage diﬁerentiates us from our competitors. We have worked
closely with marketing and creative customers for over thirty years. We also believe we have leadership in this space, with current
customers representing leading global brands. Our comprehensive solutions extend more broadly than any other company in
serving the needs of marketers and addressing this market opportunity; we integrate content and data, analytics, personalization,
digital experience management, cross-channel campaign management, audience management, video delivery and monetization
and social capabilities in our Adobe Marketing Cloud. Most importantly, we provide a vision for our digital marketing customers
as we engage with them across the important aspects of their business, extending from their use of Creative Cloud and Document
Cloud to how they manage, deliver, measure and monetize their content with our Adobe Marketing Cloud.
Print and Publishing
Our Print and Publishing product offerings face competition from large-scale electronic and web publishing systems, XML-
based publishing companies as well as lower-end desktop publishing products. Depending on the product line, competition is
based on a number of factors, including: the quality and features of products, ease-of-use, printer service support, the level of
customization and integration with other publishing system components, the number of hardware platforms supported, service
and price. We believe we can successfully compete based upon the quality and features of our products, our strong brand among
users, the widespread adoption of our products among printer service bureaus, and our extensive application programming
interfaces.
In printing technologies, we believe the principal competitive factors for OEMs in selecting a page description language
or a printing technology are product capabilities, market leadership, reliability, price, support and engineering development
assistance. We believe that our competitive advantages include our technology competency, OEM customer relationships and our
intellectual property portfolio.
14