Table of Contents
ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
over five years. For stock benefit elections, distributions are made in the form of a lump sum payment only. Prior to fiscal 2015,
cash distributions were received in the form of a lump sum payment if the retirement definition was not met upon the participant’s
termination. Beginning in fiscal 2015, participants have the option to have their cash benefit elections distributed as a lump sum,
or annual installments over either five, ten or fifteen years following the participant’s termination. All distributions will be made
in cash, except for deferred performance-based and time-based restricted stock units which will be settled in stock.
As of December 2, 2016 and November 27, 2015, the invested amounts under the Deferred Compensation Plan total $42.2
million and $32.1 million, respectively and were recorded as other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 2,
2016 and November 27, 2015, $49.0 million and $39.6 million, respectively, was recorded as long-term liabilities to recognize
undistributed deferred compensation due to employees.
NOTE 11. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
Our stock-based compensation programs are long-term retention programs that are intended to attract, retain and provide
incentives for employees, officers and directors, and to align stockholder and employee interests. We have the following stock-
based compensation plans and programs:
Restricted Stock Unit Plan
We grant restricted stock units to eligible employees under our 2003 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (“2003 Plan”).
Restricted stock units granted as part of our annual review process vest annually over three years. Other restricted stock units
generally vest over four years, the majority of which vest 25% annually. Certain grants have other vesting periods approved by
our Board of Directors or an authorized committee.
We grant performance awards to officers and key employees under our 2003 Plan which cliff-vest after three years.
As of December 2, 2016, we had reserved 183.2 million shares of common stock for issuance under our 2003 Plan and had
89.0 million shares available for grant.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Our 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) allows eligible employee participants to purchase shares of our common
stock at a discount through payroll deductions. The ESPP consists of a twenty-four month offering period with four six-month
purchase periods in each offering period. Employees purchase shares in each purchase period at 85% of the market value of our
common stock at either the beginning of the offering period or the end of the purchase period, whichever price is lower. The ESPP
will continue until the earlier of (i) termination by the Board or (ii) the date on which all of the shares available for issuance under
the plan have been issued.
As of December 2, 2016, we had reserved 93.0 million shares of our common stock for issuance under the ESPP and
approximately 8.9 million shares remain available for future issuance.
Stock Option Plan
The 2003 Plan allows us to grant options to all employees, including executive officers, outside consultants and non-
employee directors. This plan will continue until the earlier of (i) termination by the Board or (ii) the date on which all of the
shares available for issuance under the plan have been issued and restrictions on issued shares have lapsed. Option vesting periods
used in the past were generally four years and expire seven years from the effective date of grant.
We eliminated the use of stock option grants for all employees effective ﬁscal 2012, and for all of the non-employee directors
effective fiscal 2014, but may choose to issue stock options in the future.
Performance Share Programs
Our 2016, 2015 and 2014 Performance Share Programs aim to help focus key employees on building stockholder value,
provide significant award potential for achieving outstanding Company performance and enhance the ability of the Company to
attract and retain highly talented and competent individuals. The Executive Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors
approves the terms of each of our Performance Share Programs, including the award calculation methodology, under the terms of
our 2003 Equity Incentive Plan. Shares may be earned based on the achievement of an objective relative total stockholder return
88