Table of Contents
ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Internal Use Software
We capitalize costs associated with customized internal-use software systems that have reached the application development
stage. Such capitalized costs include external direct costs utilized in developing or obtaining the applications and payroll and
payroll-related expenses for employees who are directly associated with the development of the applications. Capitalization of
such costs begins when the preliminary project stage is complete and ceases at the point in which the project is substantially
complete and is ready for its intended purpose.
Income Taxes
We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, income tax expense is recognized
for the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year. In addition, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the ﬁnancial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities,
and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. We record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to an amount
for which realization is more likely than not.
Taxes Collected from Customers
We net taxes collected from customers against those remitted to government authorities in our financial statements.
Accordingly, taxes collected from customers are not reported as revenue.
Treasury Stock
We account for treasury stock under the cost method. When treasury stock is re-issued at a price higher than its cost, the
difference is recorded as a component of additional paid-in—capital in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. When treasury stock is
re-issued at a price lower than its cost, the diﬁerence is recorded as a component of additional paid-in—capital to the extent that
there are previously recorded gains to oﬂset the losses. If there are no treasury stock gains in additional paid-in—capital, the losses
upon re-issuance of treasury stock are recorded as a reduction of retained earnings in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Advertising Expenses
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expenses for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $135.8 million,
$113.6 million and $87.9 million, respectively.
Foreign Currency Translation
We translate assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries, whose functional currency is their local currency, at exchange
rates in effect at the balance sheet date. We translate revenue and expenses at the monthly average exchange rates. We include
accumulated net translation adjustments in stockholders’ equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss).
Foreign Currency and Other Hedging Instruments
In countries outside the United States, we transact business in US. Dollars and in various other currencies. We use foreign
exchange option and forward contracts for revenue denominated in Euros, British Pounds and Yen. We hedge our net recognized
foreign currency assets and liabilities with foreign exchange forward contracts to reduce the risk that our earnings and cash ﬂows
will be adversely affected by changes in exchange rates.
We recognize all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets and measure them
at fair value. Gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value are accounted for depending on the use of the derivative and
whether it is designated and qualiﬁes for hedge accounting. Contracts that do not qualify for hedge accounting are adjusted to fair
value through earnings. See Note 5 for information regarding our hedging activities.
Gains and losses from foreign exchange forward contracts which hedge certain balance sheet positions are recorded each
period as a component of interest and other income, net in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Foreign exchange option
contracts hedging forecasted foreign currency revenue are designated as cash ﬂow hedges with gains and losses recorded net of
71