Table of Contents
InDesign is built for designers, prepress and production professionals, and print service providers who work for magazines,
design firms, advertising agencies, newspapers, book publishers, and catalog companies, as well as in corporate design, commercial
printing, and other leading-edge publishing environments. Customers using InDesign often use Adobe InCopy, a companion
product used for professional writing and editing to enable an efficient collaborative workﬂow between design and editorial staff.
InDesign and InCopy are available to Creative Cloud subscribers, and customers can also subscribe to use InDesign as an individual
cloud-enabled subscription product.
Adobe Premiere Pro
Adobe Premiere Pro is our powerful, customizable, nonlinear video editing tool used by video professionals. Customers
can import and combine virtually any type of media, from video shot on a smartphone to raw 4K and higher resolution footage,
and then edit in its native format without transcoding. The user interface includes a customizable timeline and numerous editing
shortcuts which enable faster, keyboard-driven editing.
With the demands of shorter production schedules and high-resolution digital media formats, real-time performance is
crucial to videographers. Premiere Pro utilizes our Mercury Playback Engine to provide the fastest performance solution in the
industry. It also supports a vast majority of formats, and customers can now use multiple graphics cards to accelerate render and
export times. As part of Creative Cloud, Premiere Pro tightly integrates with other Adobe creative applications. Customers can
also subscribe to use it as an individual subscription product.
To address the increase in use of video capture and sharing on mobile devices, we offer Adobe Premiere Clip, which provides
users with easy-to-use features to quickly edit and enhance video, and Adobe Capture CC, which provides an easy way to capture
and share production-quality lighting and color schemes. We also offer an Elements version of Premiere Pro, which is a powerful
yet easy-to-use video-editing software for home video editing. Premiere Elements provides tools for hobbyists to quickly edit and
enhance video footage with fun effects and transitions and create custom DVDs for sharing video with friends and family.
After E ﬂeets
Adobe After Eﬁects is our industry-leading animation and creative compositing solution used by a wide variety of motion
graphics and visual effects artists. It offers superior control, a wealth of creative options, and integration with other post-production
applications. After Eﬂects is available to Creative Cloud subscribers, and customers can also subscribe to use it as an individual
cloud-enabled subscription product.
Dreamweaver
Adobe Dreamweaver CC is our web development solution for designers who code. Dreamweaver has a complete toolset
for professionals to design and develop modern, responsive websites. Dreamweaver makes it fast and efficient to build sites from
scratch or with built-in templates, preview them in real time on mobile devices and quickly extract web-optimized elements from
Photoshop documents directly into projects. Dreamweaver’s fast, ﬂexible coding engine and reimagined interface make it the
premiere tool for responsive web design. As part of Creative Cloud, Dreamweaver tightly integrates with other Adobe creative
applications like Photoshop, as well as services like Adobe Stock and Typekit. Customers can also subscribe to use Dreamweaver
as an individual cloud-enabled subscription product.
Adobe Animate
Adobe Animate CC, formerly Adobe Flash Professional, is the leading toolset for professional designers to create interactive
animations, and publish them to multiple formats or platforms - including HTMLS Canvas, WebGL, SWF, FLV or even custom
platforms. Using Animate, professional designers can reach viewers on virtually any desktop or mobile device. Animate is available
to Creative Cloud subscribers, and customers can also subscribe to use it as an individual cloud-enabled subscription product.
Adobe Muse
Adobe Muse CC is our web design software for creating responsive websites without code. Using Muse, professional
designers can layout and publish websites without the assistance of a developer. Muse is available to Creative Cloud subscribers,
and customers can also subscribe to use it as an individual cloud-enabled subscription product.
9