Table of Contents
- unexpected changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements;
- changes in laws governing the free ﬂow of data across international borders;
- failure of laws to protect our intellectual property rights adequately;
- inadequate local infrastructure and difficulties in managing and staffing international operations;
- delays resulting from difficulty in obtaining export licenses for certain technology, tariffs, quotas and other trade barriers;
- the imposition of governmental economic sanctions on countries in which we do business or where we plan to expand
our business;
° costs and delays associated with developing products in multiple languages;
° operating in locations with a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices; and
° other factors beyond our control, including terrorism, war, natural disasters and pandemics.
If sales to any of our customers outside of the Americas are reduced, delayed or canceled because of any of the above factors,
our revenue may decline.
In addition, approximately 53% of our employees are located outside the United States. Accordingly, we are exposed to
changes in laws governing our employee relationships in various US. and foreign jurisdictions, including laws and regulations
regarding wage and hour requirements, fair labor standards, employee data privacy, unemployment tax rates, workers’ compensation
rates, citizenship requirements and payroll and other taxes, which likely would have a direct impact on our operating costs. We
may continue to expand our international operations and international sales and marketing activities. Expansion in international
markets has required, and will continue to require, signiﬁcant management attention and resources. We may be unable to scale
our infrastructure effectively or as quickly as our competitors in these markets, and our revenue may not increase to offset these
expected increases in costs and operating expenses, which would cause our results to suffer.
We have issued $1.9 billion of notes in debt offerings and may incur other debt in the future, which may adversely affect our
ﬁnancial condition and future ﬁnancial results.
We have $1.9 billion in senior unsecured notes outstanding. We also have a $1 billion senior unsecured revolving credit
agreement, which is currently undrawn. This debt may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results by,
among other things:
- requiring the dedication of a portion of our expected cash ﬂow from operations to service our indebtedness, thereby
reducing the amount of expected cash ﬂow available for other purposes, including capital expenditures and acquisitions;
and
- limiting our ﬂexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry.
Our senior unsecured notes and senior unsecured revolving credit agreement impose restrictions on us and require us to
maintain compliance with specified covenants. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our
control. If we breach any of the covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the lenders or noteholders, then, subject to applicable
cure periods, any outstanding indebtedness may be declared immediately due and payable.
In addition, changes by any rating agency to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of both our
debt and equity securities, as well as the potential costs associated with a refinancing of our debt. Under certain circumstances, if
our credit ratings are downgraded or other negative action is taken, the interest rate payable by us under our revolving credit facility
could increase. Downgrades in our credit ratings could also affect the terms of any such financing and restrict our ability to obtain
additional financing in the future.
If our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired, then we could be required to record a signiﬁcant charge to
earnings.
Under GAAP, we review our goodwill and amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. GAAP requires us to test for goodwill impairment at least
annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or amortizable
intangible assets may not be recoverable include declines in stock price, market capitalization or cash ﬂows and slower growth
rates in our industry. We could be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period
30