Table of Contents
in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets were determined, negatively impacting our results of
operations.
Catastrophic events may disrupt our business.
We are a highly automated business and rely on our network infrastructure and enterprise applications, internal technology
systems and our website for our development, marketing, operational, support, hosted services and sales activities. In addition,
some of our businesses rely on third-party hosted services, and we do not control the operation of third-party data center facilities
serving our customers from around the world, which increases our vulnerability. A disruption, infiltration or failure of these systems
or third-party hosted services in the event of a major earthquake, fire, ﬂood, tsunami or other weather event, power loss,
telecommunications failure, software or hardware malfunctions, cyber—attack, war, terrorist attack or other catastrophic event that
our disaster recovery plans could not adequately address, could cause system interruptions, reputational harm, loss of intellectual
property, delays in our product development, lengthy interruptions in our services, breaches of data security and loss of critical
data. Any of these events could prevent us from fulfilling our customers’ orders or could negatively impact a country or region in
which we sell our products, which could in turn decrease that country’s or region’s demand for our products. Our corporate
headquarters, a significant portion of our research and development activities, certain of our data centers and certain other critical
business operations are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, and additional facilities where we conduct significant operations
are located in the Salt Lake Valley Area, both of which are near major earthquake faults. A catastrophic event that results in the
destruction or disruption of any of our data centers or our critical business or information technology systems could severely affect
our ability to conduct normal business operations and, as a result, our future operating results could be adversely affected.
Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business.
Access to clean water and reliable energy in the communities where we conduct our business, whether for our offices or
for our vendors, is a priority. Our major sites in California and India are vulnerable to prolonged droughts due to climate
change. While we seek to partner with organizations that mitigate their business risks associated with climate change, we recognize
that there are inherent risks wherever business is conducted. In the event of a natural disaster that disrupts business due to limited
access to these resources, Adobe has the potential to experience losses to our business, time required to recover, and added costs
to resume operations.
Additionally, climate change may pose regulatory and environmental challenges that aﬁect where we locate our oﬁices,
who we partner with, and how we deliver products and services to our customers.
Our investment portfolio may become impaired by deterioration of the financial markets.
Our cash equivalent and short-term investment portfolio as of December 2, 2016 consisted of corporate bonds and
commercial paper, U.S. agency securities and US. Treasury securities, money market mutual funds, municipal securities, time
deposits and asset-backed securities. We follow an established investment policy and set of guidelines to monitor and help mitigate
our exposure to interest rate and credit risk. The policy sets forth credit quality standards and limits our exposure to any one issuer,
as well as our maximum exposure to various asset classes.
Should financial market conditions worsen in the future, investments in some financial instruments may pose risks arising
from market liquidity and credit concerns. In addition, any deterioration of the capital markets could cause our other income and
expense to vary from expectations. As of December 2, 2016, we had no material impairment charges associated with our short-
term investment portfolio, and although we believe our current investment portfolio has little risk of material impairment, we
cannot predict future market conditions, market liquidity or credit availability, and can provide no assurance that our investment
portfolio will remain materially unimpaired.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
31