Table of Contents
Digital Marketing
Digital Marketing Opportunity
Consumers today increasingly demand personalized content and experiences in their online interactions, across multiple
channels and devices. As a result, any business or entity with an online presence must figure out how to best attract, engage, acquire
and retain customers in a world where the reach and quality of experiences directly impacts success. Delivering the best experience
to a consumer at a given moment requires the right combination of data, insights and content. Marketing executives are increasingly
demanding solutions that optimize their consumers’ experiences and deliver the greatest return on their marketing spend so they
can demonstrate the success of their programs using objective metrics.
We believe there is a signiﬁcant opportunity to address these challenges and help customers transform their businesses.
Chief Marketing Officers, digital marketers, advertisers and publishers are increasingly steering their marketing, advertising, and
development budgets toward digital media. Many industry analysts predict more advertising dollars will be spent in digital than
in traditional media in the future. As marketers make this move to digital, our opportunity is accelerating as customers look for
vendors to help them navigate this transition. However, marketing in a digital world is not simply about executing campaigns in
each digital channel. Marketers, and entire enterprises, also need to ensure they deliver meaningful experiences to their consumers
across both digital and traditional channels and in areas such as sales, support, and product interactions where consumers expect
experiences to be consistent and personalized.
Our Digital Marketing business targets this large and growing opportunity by providing comprehensive solutions for data
and analytics, advertising, personalization, and content delivery. Our solutions focused on these categories include features for
web and mobile analytics, social marketing, targeting, advertising and media optimization, digital experience management, cross-
channel campaign management, audience management, advertising and real-time bidding technology, premium video delivery
and monetization. We deliver these capabilities through our Adobe Marketing Cloud, an integrated offering enabling marketers
to measure, personalize and optimize marketing campaigns and digital experiences across channels for optimal business
performance. With its broad set of solutions, including Adobe Analytics, Adobe Target, Adobe Social, Adobe Media Optimizer,
Adobe Experience Manager, Adobe Campaign, Adobe Audience Manager and Adobe Primetime, as well as real-time dashboards
and a collaborative interface, customers of Adobe Marketing Cloud are able to combine data, insights and digital content to deliver
a personalized brand experience to their consumers. The artificial intelligence and machine learning framework enabled by our
strategy with Adobe Sensei enhances Adobe Marketing Cloud. By building on existing features such as anomaly detection in
Adobe Analytics and predictive outcome capabilities with solutions such as Adobe Campaign, we believe Sensei will increase the
value we provide our customers and create a competitive differentiation in the market.
In addition to Chief Marketing Officers and digital experience professionals, users of our Adobe Marketing Cloud solutions
include marketing professionals such as search engine marketers, media managers, media buyers, marketing research analysts and
customer analytics teams. Customers also include web content editors, web analysts, web marketing managers, email developers
and mobile apps developers. These customers often are involved in workﬂows that utilize other Adobe products, such as our Digital
Media offerings and our video workﬂow and delivery technologies. By combining the creativity of our Digital Media business
with the science of our Digital Marketing business, we help our customers to more eﬁiciently and eﬁectively make, manage,
measure and monetize their content across every channel with an end-to-end workﬂow and feedback loop.
Our Digital Marketing segment also contains two legacy enterprise software offerings: our Adobe Connect web conferencing
platform and Adobe LiveCycle, an enterprise document and forms platform. Since fiscal 2012, the focus of marketing and licensing
these products has been to financial services and government markets, driven by a subset of our enterprise sales force. We have
also been focused on migrating some legacy LiveCycle customers to an updated offering with similar capabilities based on our
Adobe Experience Manager solution.
Digital Marketing Strategy
Our goal is to be the leading provider of marketing solutions and a standard for the way digital advertising and marketing
is created, measured, managed, executed and optimized.
We believe that our success will be driven by focusing our eﬁorts on making Adobe Marketing Cloud the most comprehensive
and integrated marketing solution available. We focus on four key market opportunities: Personalization, Content, Advertising,
and Data & Analytics. Our focus on these opportunities utilizes nine key solutions—Adobe Analytics, Adobe Target, Adobe Social,
Adobe Media Optimizer, Adobe Experience Manager, Adobe Campaign, Adobe Audience Manager, Adobe Primetime and the
TubeMogul advertising platform.
6