Table of Contents
data, we did not implement these alternate means quickly enough, resulting in a fine levied against us. We are closely monitoring
developments regarding requirements for transferring personal data outside the EU, such as Privacy Shield. These requirements
may result in an increase in the obligations required of us to provide our services in the EU and in sanctions and fines for non-
compliance. These developments could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Failure to manage our sales and distribution channels and third-party customer service and technical support providers
effectively could result in a loss of revenue and harm to our business.
We contract with a number of software distributors, none of which is individually responsible for a material amount of our
total net revenue for any recent period. Nonetheless, if any single agreement with one of our distributors were terminated, any
prolonged delay in securing a replacement distributor could have a negative impact on our results of operations.
Successfully managing our indirect distribution channel efforts to reach various customer segments for our products and
services is a complex process across the broad range of geographies where we do business or plan to do business. Our distributors
and other channel partners are independent businesses that we do not control. Notwithstanding the independence of our channel
partners, we face legal risk and potential reputational harm from the activities of these third parties including, but not limited to,
export control violations, workplace conditions, corruption and anti-competitive behavior. We cannot be certain that our distribution
channel will continue to market or sell our products and services effectively. If our distribution channel is not successful, we may
lose sales opportunities, customers and revenue.
Our distributors also sell our competitors’ products and services, and if they favor our competitors’ products or services for
any reason, they may fail to market our products or services effectively or to devote resources necessary to provide eﬁective sales,
which would cause our results to suffer. We also distribute some products and services through our OEM channel, and if our OEMs
decide not to bundle our applications on their devices, our results could suffer.
In addition, the financial health of our distributors and our continuing relationships with them are important to our success.
Some of these distributors may be unable to withstand adverse changes in economic conditions, which could result in insolvency
and/or the inability of such distributors to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products and services. In addition, weakness
in the end-user market could negatively affect the cash ﬂows of our distributors who could, in turn, delay paying their obligations
to us, which would increase our credit risk exposure. Our business could be harmed if the financial condition of some of these
distributors substantially weakened and we were unable to secure replacement distributors in a timely manner.
We also sell certain of our products and services through our direct sales force. Risks associated with this sales channel
include more extended sales and collection cycles associated with direct sales efforts, challenges related to hiring, retaining and
motivating our direct sales force, and substantial amounts of training for sales representatives, including regular updates to cover
new and upgraded systems, products and services. Moreover, recent hires may not become as productive as we would like, as in
most cases it takes a significant period of time before they achieve full productivity. Our business could be seriously harmed if
our expansion efforts do not generate a corresponding significant increase in revenue and we are unable to achieve the efficiencies
we anticipate. In addition, the loss of key sales employees could impact our customer relationships and future ability to sell to
certain accounts covered by such employees.
We also provide products and services, directly and indirectly, to a variety of government entities, both domestically and
internationally. Risks associated with licensing and selling products and services to government entities include more extended
sales and collection cycles, varying governmental budgeting processes and adherence to complex procurement regulations and
other government-specific contractual requirements. Inelfectively managing these risks could result in various civil and criminal
penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, payment of fines, and suspension or debarment from
future government business, as well as harm to our reputation.
We outsource a substantial portion of our customer service and technical support activities to third-party service providers.
We rely heavily on these third-party customer service and technical support representatives working on our behalf, and we expect
to continue to rely heavily on third parties in the future. This strategy presents risks to our business due to the fact that we may
not be able to inﬂuence the quality of support as directly as we would be able to do if our own employees performed these activities.
Our customers may react negatively to providing information to, and receiving support from, third-party organizations, especially
if these third-party organizations are based overseas. If we encounter problems with our third-party customer service and technical
support providers, our reputation may be harmed and we could lose customers and associated revenue.
If we are unable to recruit and retain key personnel, our business may be harmed
Much of our future success depends on the continued service, availability and performance of our senior management.
These individuals have acquired specialized knowledge and skills with respect to Adobe. The loss of any of these individuals could
harm our business, especially in the event that we have not been successful in developing adequate succession plans. Our business
27