Table of Contents
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE
None.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management has evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, the eﬁectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 2, 2016. Based on their evaluation
as of December 2, 2016, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15 d-15 (e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) were eﬁective
at the reasonable assurance level to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in this Annual Report on Form 10-
K was (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and regulations and
(ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure
controls and procedures or our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no
matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control
system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reﬂect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of
controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Adobe have been detected.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Our management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 2, 2016. In making this assessment, our management used the
criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the C080. Our management has concluded that,
as of December 2, 2016, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on these criteria.
KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our financial statements included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 2, 2016 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 20 12, which added Section 13(r)
to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, we are required to disclose in our annual or quarterly reports whether we or
any of our affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with individuals or entities
subject to sanctions under U.S. law.
During our first quarter of fiscal year 20 16, we determined that a representative of the Paris branch of B ank Melli purchased
a year-long subscription to Adobe Export PDF, a software service we provide. On January 16, 2016, Bank Melli was removed
from the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) Specially Designated National List; however,
it remains an entity whose property and interests in property must be blocked by U.S. persons pursuant to Executive Order 13599.
Upon further investigation and verification of the identity of the entity, we promptly deactivated the account.
Adobe’s total revenue from this transaction was 24.34€, which is approximately U.S. $27.00 at the exchange rate for
U.S. dollars on the transaction date of February 2, 2016. We are unable to determine the net proﬁts attributable to this transaction,
but such net profits would be less than the total revenue. Adobe does not intend to continue this activity in the future, and we are
reviewing our internal compliance policies and processes to determine how to prevent a reoccurrence. Furthermore, we have
voluntarily disclosed this matter to OFAC and intend to cooperate fully with regulatory inquiries, if any.
103