Table of Contents
Adobe Marketing Cloud Solutions
Adobe Analytics
Adobe Analytics helps our customers create a holistic view of their business by turning consumer interactions into actionable
insights. With intuitive and interactive dashboards and reports, our customers can sift, sort, and share real-time information to
provide insights that can be used to identify problems and opportunities and to drive conversion and relevant consumer experiences.
Adobe Analytics enables web, social, video, mobile, attribution, and predictive analytics across online and ofﬂine channels to
continuously improve the performance of marketing activities. It also provides the ability to perform advanced ad-hoc segmentation
and to integrate data from ofﬂine and third-party sources.
Adobe Target
Adobe Target lets our customers test, target and personalize content across multiple devices. With Adobe Target, our
customers have the tools they need to quickly discover what gets noticed, what increases conversion, and what keeps consumers
coming back for more. Adobe Target paves a path from simple testing to targeting to true segmentation and optimization through
A/B and multivariate testing, rules-based targeting and automated decision-making.
Adobe Social
Adobe Social provides marketers a comprehensive solution to build stronger connections through content guided by tangible
data. Customers can create more relevant posts, monitor and respond to conversations, measure results, and connect social activities
to business results. With Adobe Social, our customers can: manage social content and activities across multiple social networks
and profile pages; listen and respond to consumer conversations in real time; create social campaigns; and use social insights,
through Adobe Marketing Cloud integrations, to improve targeting and optimize the customer experience.
Adobe Media Optimizer
Adobe Media Optimizer is a powerful advertisement management platform and programmatic ad-buying solution that helps
our customers forecast the best mix of search, display and social ads based on their budget. It also automates the execution of a
company ’s media plan and helps users determine the most eﬁective way to deliver relevant content to their audiences. Customers
get a consolidated view of how their media is performing, along with tools to both accurately forecast and continually optimize
their mix of paid campaigns across digital media. Media Optimizer includes cross-channel optimization capabilities, search engine
marketing management, and display and social advertising management.
Adobe Experience Manager
Adobe Experience Manager helps customers organize, create, and manage the delivery of creative assets and other content
across digital marketing channels, including web, mobile, email, communities and video. It enables customers to manage content
on premise or host it in the cloud, delivering agile and rapid deployment. With this ultimate control of content and campaigns,
customers are able to deliver relevant experiences to consumers that help build the customers’ brand, drive demand and extend
reach. Adobe Experience Manager includes digital asset management, web content management, digital publishing, integrated
mobile app development, enterprise-level forms management, and social capabilities, providing customers with tools enabling
users to improve their market and brand perception and provide a personalized experience to their consumers.
Adobe Campaign
Adobe Campaign enables marketers to orchestrate personalized experiences determined by each consumer’s behaviors and
preferences. As part of its feature set, Adobe Campaign provides visual campaign orchestration, allowing for intuitive design and
automated consumer experiences across channels, from one-off campaigns to triggered messages, with a graphically rich interface.
Marketers can also integrate consumer data from across marketing channels to develop and deliver more relevant marketing
experiences to their consumers. Features also include targeted segmentation, email execution, real-time interaction, in-app
messaging, and operational reporting to easily see how well campaigns are performing.
11