Table of Contents
ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
tax, as a component of other comprehensive income in stockholders” equity and reclassified into revenue at the time the forecasted
transactions occur.
Concentration of Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk are short-term fixed-income investments,
structured repurchase transactions, foreign currency and interest rate hedge contracts and trade receivables.
Our investment portfolio consists of investment-grade securities diversified among security types, industries and issuers.
Our cash and investments are held and primarily managed by recognized financial institutions that follow our investment policy.
Our policy limits the amount of credit exposure to any one security issue or issuer and we believe no significant concentration of
credit risk exists with respect to these investments.
We enter into foreign currency hedge contracts with bank counterparties that could expose us to credit related losses in the
event of their nonperformance. This is largely mitigated with collateral security agreements that provide for collateral to be received
or posted when the net fair value of certain financial instruments ﬂuctuates from contractually established thresholds. In addition,
we enter into master netting arrangements which have the ability to further limit credit related losses with the same counterparty
by permitting net settlement transactions.
The aggregate fair value of foreign currency contracts in net asset positions as of December 2, 2016 and November 27,
2015 was $38.1 million and $19.1 million respectively. These amounts represent the maximum exposure to loss at the reporting
date as a result of all of the counterparties failing to perform as contracted. These exposures could be reduced by certain immaterial
liabilities included in master netting arrangements with those same counterparties.
Credit risk in receivables is limited to OEMs, dealers and distributors of hardware and software products to the retail market,
customers to whom we license software directly and our SaaS offerings. A credit review is completed for our new distributors,
dealers and OEMs. We also perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers’ financial condition and require letters of credit
or other guarantees, whenever deemed necessary. The credit limit given to the customer is based on our risk assessment of their
ability to pay, country risk and other factors and is not contingent on the resale of the product or on the collection of payments
from their customers. If we license our software or provide SaaS services to a customer where we have a reason to believe the
customer’s ability to pay is not probable, due to country risk or credit risk, we will not recognize the revenue. We will revert to
recognizing the revenue on a cash basis, assuming all other criteria for revenue recognition has been met.
We derive a significant portion of our OEM PostScript and Other licensing revenue from a small number of OEMs. Our
OEMs on occasion seek to renegotiate their royalty arrangements. We evaluate these requests on a case-by-case basis. If an
agreement is not reached, a customer may decide to pursue other options, which could result in lower licensing revenue for us.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
There have been no new accounting pronouncements made effective during fiscal 2016 that have significance, or potential
significance, to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Effective
On May 28, 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, requiring an entity to
recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The
updated standard will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in US. GAAP when it becomes eﬁective and permits
the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date, which deferred the effective date of the new revenue
standard for periods beginning after December 15, 2016 to December 15 , 2017, with early adoption permitted but not earlier than
the original eﬁective date. Accordingly, the updated standard is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and we do not
plan to early adopt. We have not yet selected a transition method and we are currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard
will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
While we are continuing to assess all potential impacts of the new standard, we currently believe the most significant impact
relates to our accounting for arrangements that include term-based software licenses bundled with maintenance and support. Under
72