Table of Contents
ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
current GAAP, the revenue attributable to these software licenses is recognized ratably over the term of the arrangement because
VSOE does not exist for the undelivered maintenance and support element as it is not sold separately. The requirement to have
VSOE for undelivered elements to enable the separation of revenue for the delivered software licenses is eliminated under the
new standard. Accordingly, under the new standard we will be required to recognize as revenue a portion of the arrangement fee
upon delivery of the software license. While we currently expect revenue related to our professional services and cloud offerings
for business enterprises, individuals and teams to remain substantially unchanged, we are still in the process of evaluating the
impact of the new standard on these arrangementsDue to the complexity of certain of our contracts, the actual revenue recognition
treatment required under the new standard for these arrangements may be dependent on contract-specific terms and vary in some
instances.
On February 24, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases, requiring lessees to recognize a right-of—use asset and
a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with the exception of short-term leases. For lessees, leases will continue to be
classified as either operating or finance leases in the income statement. Lessor accounting is similar to the current model but
updated to align with certain changes to the lessee model. Lessors will continue to classify leases as operating, direct financing
or sales-type leases. The effective date of the new standard for public companies is for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2018 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The new standard must be adopted using a modified
retrospective transition and requires application of the new guidance at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented.
The updated standard is effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. We are currently evaluating the effect that the
updated standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
On March 30, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,
which simplifies various aspects related to the accounting and presentation of share-based payments. The amendments require
entities to record all tax effects related to share-based payments at settlement or expiration through the income statement and the
windfall tax benefit to be recorded when it arises, subject to normal valuation allowance considerations. All tax-related cash ﬂows
resulting from share-based payments are required to be reported as operating activities in the statement of cash ﬂows. The updates
relating to the income tax effects of the share-based payments including the cash ﬂow presentation must be adopted either
prospectively or retrospectively. Further, the amendments allow the entities to make an accounting policy election to either estimate
forfeitures or recognize forfeitures as they occur. If an election is made, the change to recognize forfeitures as they occur must be
adopted using a modiﬁed retrospective approach with a cumulative effect adjustment recorded to opening retained earnings. The
effective date of the new standard for public companies is for fiscal years beginning after December 15 , 2016 and interim periods
within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted.
We will early adopt the updated standard in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. We believe the new standard will cause volatility
in our effective tax rates and diluted earnings per share due to the tax effects related to share-based payments being recorded to
the income statement. The volatility in future periods will depend on our stock price at the awards’ vest dates and the number of
awards that vest in each period. Further, we will not elect an accounting policy change to record forfeitures as they occur and will
continue to estimate forfeitures at each period.
With the exception of the updated standards discussed above, there have been no new accounting pronouncements not yet
effective that have significance, or potential significance, to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS
F otolia
On January 27, 2015, we completed our acquisition of privately held Fotolia, a leading marketplace for royalty-free photos,
images, graphics and HD videos. During the first quarter of fiscal 2015, we began integrating Fotolia into our Digital Media
reportable segment.
Under the acquisition method of accounting, the total final purchase price was allocated to Fotolia's net tangible and
intangible assets based upon their estimated fair values as of January 27, 2015. During fiscal 2015, we recorded immaterial purchase
accounting adjustments based on changes to management’s estimates and assumptions in regards to assumed intangible assets,
calculation of deferred tax assets, liabilities and equity awards. The total final purchase price for Fotolia was $807.5 million of
which $745.1 million was allocated to goodwill that was non-deductible for tax purposes, $204.4 million to identifiable intangible
assets and $142.0 million to net liabilities assumed.
73