Table of Contents
ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Operations
Founded in 1982, Adobe Systems Incorporated is one of the largest and most diversified software companies in the world.
We oﬁer a line of products and services used by creative professionals, marketers, knowledge workers, application developers,
enterprises and consumers for creating, managing, delivering, measuring, optimizing and engaging with compelling content and
experiences across personal computers, devices and media. We market and license our products and services directly to enterprise
customers through our sales force and to end users through app stores and our own website at www.adobe.com. We offer many
of our products via a Software-as-a—Service (“SaaS”) model or a managed services model (both of which are referred to as a hosted
or cloud-based model) as well as through term subscription and pay-per-use models. We also distribute certain products and services
through a network of distributors, value—added resellers (“VARs”), systems integrators (“SIS”), independent software vendors
(“ISVs”), retailers, software developers and original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”). In addition, we license our technology
to hardware manufacturers, software developers and service providers for use in their products and solutions. Our products run
on personal and server-based computers, as well as on smartphones, tablets and other devices, depending on the product. We have
operations in the Americas, Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”) and Asia-Pacific (“APAC”).
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include those of Adobe and its subsidiaries, after elimination of all
intercompany accounts and transactions. We have prepared the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations
of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
Use of Estimates
In preparing Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP and pursuant to the rules
and regulations of the SEC, we must make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial
Statements and accompanying notes. Estimates are used for, but not limited to, sales allowances and programs, bad debts, stock-
based compensation, determining the fair value of acquired assets and assumed liabilities, excess inventory and purchase
commitments, restructuring charges, facilities lease losses, impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, litigation, income taxes
and investments. Actual results may diﬁer materially from these estimates.
Fiscal Year
Our fiscal year is a 52- or 53-week year that ends on the Friday closest to November 30. Our financial results for fiscal
2016 benefited from an extra week in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 due to our 52/53 week financial calendar whereby fiscal 2016
is a 53—week ﬁscal year compared with fiscal 2015 and 2014 which were 52-week fiscal years.
Reclassiﬁcations
Certain immaterial prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Revenue Recognition
Our revenue is derived from the subscription, non-software related hosted services, term-based and perpetual licensing of
software products, associated software maintenance and support plans, consulting services, training and technical support. Most
of our enterprise customer arrangements are complex, involving multiple solutions and various license rights, bundled with post-
contract customer support and other meaningful rights that together provide a complete end-to-end solution to the customer.
We recognize revenue when all four revenue recognition criteria have been met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists, we have delivered the product or performed the service, the fee is ﬁxed or determinable and collection is probable.
66