Table of Contents
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
As the software industry is characterized by rapid technological change, a continuous high level of investment is required
for the enhancement of existing solutions and the development of new solutions. We develop our software internally as well as
acquire products or technology developed by others by purchasing the stock or assets of the business entity that owned the
technology. In other instances, we have licensed or purchased the intellectual property ownership rights of programs developed
by others with license or technology transfer agreements that may obligate us to pay a ﬂat license fee or royalties, typically based
on a dollar amount per unit or a percentage of the revenue generated by those programs.
During fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, our research and development expenses were $976.0 million, $862.7 million and $844.4
million, respectively.
PRODUCT PROTECTION
We regard our software as proprietary and protect it under the laws of copyrights, patents, trademarks and trade secrets.
We have a number of domestic and foreign patents and pending applications that relate to various aspects of our products and
technology. While we believe our patents have significant value, no single patent is material to us or to any of our reporting
segments. We protect the source code of our software programs as trade secrets and make source code available to third parties
only under limited circumstances and subject to security and confidentiality constraints. From time to time, we secure rights to
third-party intellectual property if beneficial to our business.
Our products are generally licensed to end users under one of the following two methods:
(1) We offer products on a “right to use” basis pursuant to a license agreement that restricts the use of the products to a
designated number of devices, users or both, and other restrictions. We also rely on copyright laws and on “shrink
wrap” and electronic licenses that are not physically signed by the end user. Copyright protection may be unavailable
under the laws of certain countries and the enforceability of “shrink wrap” and electronic licenses has not been
conclusively determined in all jurisdictions.
(2) We offer products under a SaaS or on—demand model, where hosted software is provided on demand to customers,
generally through a web browser. The use of these products is governed by either the online terms of use or an enterprise
licensing agreement associated with the product.
Policing unauthorized use of computer software is difficult and software piracy is a persistent problem for the software
industry. This problem is particularly acute in international markets. We conduct piracy conversion and prevention programs
directly and through certain external software associations. In addition, we have activation technology in certain products to guard
against illegal use and will continue to do so in certain future products.
EMPLOYEES
As of December 2, 2016, we employed 15,706 people. We have not experienced work stoppages and believe our employee
relations are good.
AVAILABLE INFORMATION
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to
reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available
free of charge on our Investor Relations website at www.adobe.com/adbe as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically
ﬁle such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this report.
17