Table of Contents
applications that we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including bugs and other
problems that could unexpectedly compromise the security of the system or impair a customer’s ability to operate or use our
products. The costs to prevent, eliminate or alleviate cyber— or other security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software
programs and security vulnerabilities are significant, and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful or may be
delayed and could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers. It is impossible
to predict the extent, frequency or impact these problems may have on us.
Outside parties have in the past and may in the future attempt to fraudulently induce our employees or users of our products
or services to disclose sensitive information via illegal electronic spamming, phishing or other tactics. Unauthorized parties may
also attempt to gain physical access to our facilities in order to infiltrate our information systems. These actual and potential
breaches of our security measures and the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unauthorized dissemination of proprietary
information or sensitive, personal or confidential data about us, our employees, our customers or their end users, including the
potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of hacking, fraud, trickery or other forms of deception, could
expose us, our employees, our customers or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information. This may result
in litigation and liability or fines, governmental inquiry or oversight or a loss of customer confidence, any of which could harm
our business or damage our brand and reputation, possibly impeding our present and future success in retaining and attracting new
customers and thereby requiring time and resources to repair our brand and reputation.
These problems affect our products and services in particular because cyber—attackers tend to focus their eﬁorts on popular
offerings with a large user base, and we expect them to continue to do so. Critical vulnerabilities may be identified in certain of
our applications. These vulnerabilities could cause such applications to crash and could allow an attacker to take control of the
affected system, which could result in liability to us or limit our ability to conduct our business and deliver our products and
services to customers. We devote significant resources to address security vulnerabilities through engineering more secure products,
enhancing security and reliability features in our products and systems, code hardening, conducting rigorous penetration tests,
deploying updates to address security vulnerabilities and improving our incident response time, but these security vulnerabilities
cannot be totally eliminated. The cost of these steps could reduce our operating margins, and we may be unable to implement these
measures quickly enough to prevent cyber—attackers from gaining unauthorized access into our systems and products. Despite our
preventative efforts, actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products and systems may harm our reputation or lead to
claims against us (and have in the past led to such claims), and could lead some customers to stop using certain products or services,
to reduce or delay future purchases of products or services, or to use competing products or services. If we do not make the
appropriate level of investment in our technology systems or if our systems become out-of-date or obsolete and we are not able
to deliver the quality of data security customers require, our business could be adversely affected. Customers may also adopt
security measures designed to protect their existing computer systems from attack, which could delay adoption ofnew technologies.
Further, if we or our customers are subject to a future attack, or our technology is used in a third-party attack, it may be necessary
for us to take additional extraordinary measures and make additional expenditures to take appropriate responsive and preventative
steps. Any of these events could adversely affect our revenue or margins. Moreover, delayed sales, lower margins or lost customers
resulting from disruptions caused by cyber—attacks or preventative measures could adversely aﬁect our financial results, stock
price and reputation.
Some of our lines of business rely on us or our third-party service providers to host and deliver services and data, and any
interruptions or delays in these hosted services, security or privacy breaches, or failures in data collection could expose us to
liability and harm our business and reputation.
Some of our lines of business and services, including our online store at adobe.com, Creative Cloud, Document Cloud,
other hosted Digital Media offerings and our Adobe Marketing Cloud solutions, rely on hardware and services hosted and controlled
directly by us or by our third-party service providers. We do not have redundancy for all of our systems, many of our critical
applications reside in only one of our data centers, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. If our
business relationship with a third-party provider of hosting or content delivery services is negatively affected, or if one of our
content delivery suppliers were to terminate its agreement with us, we might not be able to deliver the corresponding hosted
offerings to our customers, which could subject us to reputational harm and cause us to lose customers and future business, thereby
reducing our revenue.
We hold large amounts of customer data, some of which is hosted in third-party facilities. A security incident at those
facilities or ours may compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of customer data. Unauthorized access to customer
data stored on our computers or networks may be obtained through break-ins, breaches of our secure network by an unauthorized
party, employee theft or misuse or other misconduct. It is also possible that unauthorized access to customer data may be obtained
through inadequate use of security controls by customers. Accounts created with weak passwords could allow cyber—attackers to
gain access to customer data. Additionally, failure by customers to remove accounts of their own employees, or the granting of
accounts by the customer in an uncontrolled manner, may allow for access by former or unauthorized customer representatives.
If there were an inadvertent disclosure of customer information, or if a third party were to gain unauthorized access to the information
23