Table of Contents
Customer Success Account Management
For our largest Digital Marketing and Digital Media customers, Adobe Global Services provides post-sales Customer
Success Managers, who work individually with customers on an ongoing basis to understand their current and future business
needs, promote faster solution adoption, and align solution capabilities to customers’ business objectives to maximize the return
on their investment in Adobe’s solutions. We engage customers to share innovative best practices, relevant industry and vertical
knowledge, and proven success strategies based on our extensive engagements with leading marketers and brands. The performance
of these teams is directly associated with customer-focused outcomes, notably ongoing customer retention.
Technical Support
Adobe provides enterprise maintenance and support services to customers of subscription products as part of the subscription
entitlement, and to perpetual license customers via annual fee-based maintenance and support programs. These oﬁerings provide:
- technical support on the products they have purchased from Adobe;
- “how to” help in using our products; and
- product upgrades and enhancements during the term of the maintenance and support or subscription period, which is
typically one to three years.
We provide product support through a global support organization that includes several regional and global support centers,
supplemented with outsourced vendors for specific services. Customers can seek help through multiple channels including phone,
chat, web, social media, and email, allowing quick and easy access to the information they need. These teams are responsible for
providing timely, high-quality technical expertise on all our products.
As registered owners of the current version of an Adobe desktop product, consumers are eligible to receive Getting Started
support on certain matters, to support easy adoption of their products. Support for some products and in some countries may vary.
For enterprise customers with greater support needs, we oﬁer personalized service options through Premium Services options,
delivered by technical account managers who can also provide proactive risk mitigation services and on-site support services for
those with business critical deployments.
Lastly, we also offer delivery assurance, technical support, and enablement services to partners and developer organizations.
Through the Adobe Partner Connection Program, we provide developers with high-quality tools, software development kits,
information and services.
Digital Learning Services
Adobe Global Services offers a comprehensive portfolio of learning and enablement services to assist our customer and
partner teams in the use of our products, including those within Digital Marketing, Digital Media and other legacy products and
solutions. Our training portfolio includes a large number of free online self-service learning options on www.training.adobe.com.
Adobe Digital Learning Services also has an extensive portfolio of fee-based learning programs including awide range of traditional
classroom, virtual, and on-demand training and certifications delivered by our team of training professionals and partners across
the globe.
These core offerings are complemented by our custom learning services, which support our largest enterprise customers
and their unique requirements. Solution-specific skills assessments help our enterprise customers objectively assess the knowledge
and competencies within their marketing teams and tailor their learning priorities accordingly. Finally, aligned with our cloud
strategy, we have introduced a new learning subscription service that enables customers to access both business and technical
Digital Marketing training over a 12-month period, which is a scalable approach to supporting long-term learning.
Investments
From time to time we make direct investments in privately held companies. We enter into these investments with the intent
of securing financial returns as well as for strategic purposes as they often increase our knowledge of emerging markets and
technologies, as well as expand our opportunities to provide Adobe products and services.
16