Table of Contents
T ypekit
Adobe Typekit brings thousands of fonts from foundry partners into one library for quick browsing, easy use on the web
or on the user’s desktop, and endless typographic inspiration. Our full library of thousands of commercially-licensed fonts is
included in most paid Creative Cloud subscriptions, while a more limited selection is available free of charge to anyone with an
Adobe ID. In addition, customers may subscribe to the standalone Typekit font service, or license individual fonts in the Adobe
Typekit Marketplace at prices set by foundry partners.
Behance
Behance is the leading social community to showcase and discover creative work online. Adobe Portfolio allows users to
quickly and simply build a fully customizable and hosted website that seamlessly syncs with Behance.
Adobe Spark
Adobe Spark is our new integrated web and mobile software for creating and sharing impactful visual stories. Designed
for everyday communication, Spark empowers users to create stunning visual content that engages audiences across multiple
channels and on any device. The Adobe Spark web app seamlessly syncs with Spark Post, Spark Page (formerly Adobe Slate) and
Spark Video (formerly Adobe Voice) iOS mobile apps, allowing users to create, edit and share their story from any location
regardless of their design experience. Adobe Spark is currently offered free of charge to attract new users and Adobe ID accounts.
Acrobat and Adobe Document Cloud
Adobe Document Cloud is a complete portfolio of secure digital document solutions that speed business transactions through
digital workﬂows. With Adobe Document Cloud, users can create, review, approve, sign and track documents, whether on a desktop
or mobile device.
At the heart of Adobe Document Cloud is Adobe Acrobat DC, the industry standard for PDF creation and conversion.
Acrobat enables users to create secure, reliable and compact Adobe PDF documents from desktop authoring applications such as
Microsoft Office software, graphics applications and more. Use of Acrobat enables automated collaborative workﬂows with a rich
set of commenting tools and review tracking features and includes everything needed to create and distribute rich, secure electronic
documents that can be viewed easily within leading web browsers or on computer desktops via the free Adobe Acrobat Reader
DC.
Acrobat is available to both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud subscribers. Customers can also license Acrobat Pro or
Acrobat Standard (which has a subset of Acrobat Pro features) as individual point products, either as a cloud-enabled subscription
or in the form of desktop software. Acrobat is also available as a free mobile app that allows users to view, annotate, and scan
documents. Acrobat Reader is our free software for reliable viewing, searching, reviewing and printing of Adobe PDF documents
on a variety of hardware and operating system platforms. Users of both Acrobat and Acrobat Reader can also access, edit and save
changes to their PDF files stored on the Dropbox website or mobile app.
Our Adobe Sign e-signature services, which can be purchased as part of Document Cloud, allow users to securely
electronically send and sign any document from any device. Adobe Sign has a mobile app companion allowing users to e-sign
documents and forms, send them for signature, track responses in real-time, and obtain instant signatures with in—person signing.
Adobe Sign integrates with users’ enterprise systems through a comprehensive set of applicable programming interfaces, and
Adobe Experience Manager Forms and Advanced Workﬂows for Adobe Sign to create forms and provide seamless experiences
to customers across web and mobile sites.
10