Table of Contents
based features with our Adobe Stock and Behance services, app creation capabilities and affordable point pricing for cost-sensitive
customers.
We offer Creative Cloud for individuals, students, teams and enterprises. These Creative Cloud offerings address the
multiple routes to market we use to license our creative software to targeted customers. Adoption of Creative Cloud has transformed
our business model, and we continue to expect this to drive higher long-term revenue growth through an expansion of our customer
base by acquiring new users through a lower cost of entry and delivery of additional features and value, as well as keeping existing
customers current on our latest release. We have also built out a marketplace for Creative Cloud subscribers to enable the delivery
and purchase of stock content in our Adobe Stock service. Overall, our strategy with Creative Cloud is designed to enable us to
increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow a recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized
ratably.
We continue to implement strategies that will accelerate awareness, consideration and purchase of subscriptions to our
Creative Cloud offerings. These strategies include increasing the value Creative Cloud users receive, such as offering new mobile
applications, as well as targeted promotions and offers that attract past customers and potential users to try out and ultimately
subscribe to Creative Cloud. Because of the shift towards Creative Cloud subscriptions and Enterprise Term License Agreements
(“ETLAs”), revenue from perpetual licensing of our Creative products is now immaterial to our business.
We are also a market leader with our Adobe Document Cloud offerings built around our Acrobat family of products, the
Adobe Reader and a set of integrated cloud-based document services, including Adobe Sign. Adobe Acrobat provides reliable
creation and exchange of electronic documents, regardless of platform or application source type. Adobe Document Cloud, which
we believe enhances the way people manage critical documents at home, in the oﬁice and across devices, includes Adobe Acrobat
DC and Adobe Sign, and a set of integrated services enables users to create, review, approve, sign and track documents whether
on a desktop or mobile device. Adobe Acrobat DC, with a touch-enabled user interface, is offered both through subscription and
perpetual licenses.
Annualized Recurring Revenue (“ARR”) is currently the key performance metric our management uses to assess the health
and trajectory of our overall Digital Media segment. ARR should be viewed independently of revenue, deferred revenue and
unbilled deferred revenue as ARR is a performance metric and is not intended to be combined with any of these items. We adjust
our reported ARR on an annual basis to reﬂect any material exchange rates changes. Our reported ARR results in ﬁscal 2016 are
based on currency rates set at the start of fiscal 2016 and held constant throughout the year. We calculate ARR as follows:
Annual Value of Creative Cloud Subscriptions and Services
+
Creative ARR Annual Digital Publishing Suite Contract Value
+
Annual Creative ETLA Contract Value
Annual Value of Document Cloud Subscriptions and Services
Document Cloud ARR +
Annual Document Cloud ETLA Contract Value
Creative ARR
Digital Media ARR +
Document Cloud ARR
Creative ARR exiting fiscal 2016 was $3.54 billion, up from $2.50 billion at the end of fiscal 2015. Document Cloud ARR
exiting fiscal 2016 was $475 million, up from $385 million at the end of fiscal 2015. Total Digital Media ARR grew to $4.01
billion at the end of fiscal 2016, up from $2.88 billion at the end of fiscal 2015. Revaluing our ending ARR for ﬁscal 2016 using
currency rates at the beginning of fiscal 2017, our Digital Media ARR at the end of fiscal 2016 would be $3.99 billion or
approximately $27 million lower than the AR reported above.
Our success in driving growth in ARR has positively affected our revenue growth. Creative revenue in fiscal 2016 was
$3. 18 billion, up from $2.30 billion in fiscal 2015 and representing 38% year-over—year growth. Document Cloud revenue in fiscal
2016 was $764.9 million, slightly down from $792.3 million in fiscal 2015 as we continue to transition Document Cloud to a
subscription-based model. Total Digital Media segment revenue grew to $3 .94 billion in fiscal 2016, up from $3. 10 billion in fiscal
2015 and representing 27% year-over-year growth.
41