Table of Contents
Professional digital imaging, drawing and illustration products are characterized by feature-rich competition, brand
awareness and price sensitivity. Competition in this space is also emerging with drawing and illustration applications on tablet
and smartphone platforms. The demand for professional web page layout and professional web content creation tools is constantly
evolving and highly volatile. In this area we face direct and indirect competition from desktop software companies and various
proprietary and open source web-authoring tools.
The needs of digital imaging and video editing software users are constantly evolving due to rapid technology and hardware
advancements in digital cameras, digital video cameras, printers, personal computers, tablets, smartphones and other new devices.
Our imaging and video offerings, including Photoshop, Lightroom, After Effects and Premiere Pro, face competition from
established and emerging companies offering similar products.
New image editing applications for mobile devices and tablets with features that compete with our professional tools are
also emerging as adoption of these devices grows. Our consumer digital imaging and video editing offerings are subject to intense
competition, including customer price sensitivity, competitor brand awareness and competitor strength in OEM bundling and retail
distribution. We face direct and indirect competition in the consumer digital imaging space from a number of companies that
market software that competes with ours.
The stock content marketplace has significant competition, especially in the microstock segment, where Adobe primarily
operates today with the Adobe Stock offering and Fotolia.com. Key competitors in this segment include Shutterstock, Getty Images
and a number of smaller companies. Adobe Stock’s deep product integration with Creative Cloud and superior reach and
relationships with creative professionals around the world differentiate our offerings.
In addition, we face competition from device, hardware and camera manufacturers as they try to differentiate their offerings
by bundling, for free, their own digital imaging software, or those of our competitors. Similarly, we face potential competition
from operating system manufacturers as they integrate or oﬁer hobbyist-level digital imaging and image management features
with their operating systems. We also face competition from smartphone and tablet manufacturers that integrate imaging and video
software into their devices to work with cameras that come as part of their smartphone and tablet offerings. In addition, social
networking platforms such as Facebook (including Instagram), Snapchat, Twitter and Pinterest, as well as portal sites such as
Google, Bing and Yahoo! are becoming a direct means to post, edit and share images, bypassing the step of using image editing
and sharing software. Online storage and synchronization are becoming free and ubiquitous. Consumers in particular will be
encouraged to use the image and video editing software offered by those storage products, thus competing with our software.
Competition is also emerging with imaging and video applications on smartphone and tablet platforms. Competitors are
extending their products and feature sets to platforms such as Apple’s iPhone and iPad, and other smartphone and tablet devices.
Similarly, new cloud-based offerings continue to emerge which offer image editing and video-editing capabilities, as well as social
and sharing features.
The nature of traditional digital document creation, storage, and collaboration has been rapidly evolving as knowledge
workers and consumers shift their behavior increasingly to non-desktop workﬂows. Competitors like Microsoft, Google, Box and
Dropbox all offer competitive alternatives to our Document Cloud business for creating and managing PDFs. In addition, other
PDF creation solutions can be found at a low cost or for free on the web. To address these competitive threats, we are working to
ensure our Adobe Document Cloud applications stay at the forefront of innovation in emerging opportunities such as PDF document
generation, document collaboration and document security.
As e-signatures are quickly becoming a core element of digital documents, competitors to Adobe Sign such as DocuSign
and Citrix have been j umping in to take advantage of the growing space. We face strong competition from these and other companies
in this space.
13