Table of Contents
products and services are generally three years in length, and subscription agreements for other products and services may provide
for shorter or longer terms. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our services after the expiration of
their initial subscription period, and some customers elect not to renew. We cannot provide assurance that our subscriptions will
be renewed at the same or higher level of service, for the same number of seats or licenses or for the same duration of time, if at
all. Moreover, under certain circumstances, some of our customers have the right to cancel their service agreements prior to the
expiration of the terms of their agreements. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to accurately predict future customer
renewal rates. Our customers’ renewal rates may decline or ﬂuctuate as a result of a number of factors, including their level of
satisfaction with our services, our ability to continue to regularly add features and functionality, the reliability (including uptime)
of our subscription services, the prices of our services, the actual or perceived information security of our systems and services,
the prices of services offered by our competitors, mergers and acquisitions aﬁecting our customer base, reductions in our customers’
spending levels or declines in customer activity as a result of economic downturns or uncertainty in ﬁnancial markets. If our
customers do not renew their subscriptions for our services or if they renew on terms less favorable to us, our revenue may decline.
Our future growth is also affected by our ability to sell additional features and services to our current customers, which
depends on a number of factors, including customers’ satisfaction with our products and services, the level of innovation reﬂected
in those additional features, the prices of our offerings and general economic conditions. If our efforts to cross-sell and upsell to
our customers are unsuccessful, the rate at which our business grows may decline.
Subscription offerings and E TLAs could create risks related to the timing of revenue recognition.
Our subscription model creates certain risks related to the timing of revenue recognition and potential reductions in cash
ﬂows. A portion of the subscription-based revenue we report each quarter results from the recognition of deferred revenue relating
to subscription agreements entered into during previous quarters. A decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any period may
not be immediately reﬂected in our reported financial results for that period, but may result in a decline in our revenue in future
quarters. If we were to experience significant downturns in subscription sales and renewal rates, our reported financial results
might not reﬂect such downturns until future periods. Our subscription model could also make it difficult for us to rapidly increase
our revenue from subscription-based or hosted services through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers
will be recognized over the applicable subscription term.
Additionally, in connection with our sales efforts to enterprise customers and our use of ETLAs, a number of factors could
affect our revenue, including longer-than—expected sales and implementation cycles, potential deferral of revenue due to multiple-
element revenue arrangements and alternative licensing arrangements. If any of our assumptions about revenue from our new
businesses or our addition of a subscription-based model prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those
anticipated, estimated or projected.
If we fail to successfully manage transitions to new business models and markets, our results of operations could suffer:
We often release new offerings and employ new product and service delivery methods in connection with our diversification
into new business models and markets. It is uncertain whether these strategies will prove successful or whether we will be able to
develop the necessary infrastructure and business models more quickly than our competitors. Market acceptance of new product
and service offerings will be dependent in part on our ability to (1) include functionality and usability that satisfy customer
requirements, and (2) optimally price our products and services in light of marketplace conditions, our costs and customer demand.
New product and service offerings may increase our risk of liability related to the provision of services and cause us to incur
significant technical, legal or other costs. Market acceptance of such services is affected by a variety of factors, including information
security, reliability, performance, customer preference, social and community engagement, local government regulations regarding
online services and user-generated content, the sufficiency of technological infrastructure to support our products and services in
certain geographies, customer concerns with entrusting a third party to store and manage customer data and customer content,
consumer concerns regarding data privacy and the enactment of laws or regulations that restrict our ability to provide such services
to customers in the United States or internationally. If we are unable to respond to these factors, our business could be harmed.
From time to time we open-source certain of our technology initiatives, provide broader open access to our technology,
license certain of our technology on a royalty—free basis or release selected technology for industry standardization. Additionally,
customer requirements for open standards or open-source products could impact adoption or use of some of our products or services.
To the extent we incorrectly predict customer requirements for such products or services, or if there is a delay in market acceptance
of such products or services, our business could be harmed.
We also devote significant resources to the development of technologies and service offerings in markets where our operating
history is less extensive. These new offerings and markets may require a considerable investment of technical, financial, compliance
and sales resources, and a scalable organization. Some of our competitors may have advantages over us due to their larger presence,
larger developer network, deeper market experience and larger sales, consulting and marketing resources. In addition, the metrics
21