Table of Contents
we possess on behalf of our customers, our operations could be disrupted, our reputation could be damaged and we could be subject
to claims or other liabilities. In addition, such perceived or actual unauthorized disclosure of the information we collect or breach
of our security could damage our reputation, result in the loss of customers and harm our business.
Because of the large amount of data that our customers collect and manage using our hosted solutions, it is possible that
hardware or software failures or errors in our systems (or those of our third-party service providers) could result in data loss or
corruption, cause the information that we collect to be incomplete or contain inaccuracies that our customers regard as signiﬁcant
or cause us to fail to meet committed service levels. Furthermore, our ability to collect and report data may be delayed or interrupted
by a number of factors, including access to the Internet, the failure of our network or software systems, security breaches or
significant variability in visitor traﬁic on customer websites. In addition, computer viruses or other malware may harm our systems,
causing us to lose data, and the transmission of computer viruses or other malware could expose us to litigation. We may also find,
on occasion, that we cannot deliver data and reports to our customers in near real time because of a number of factors, including
significant spikes in customer activity on their websites or failures of our network or software. If we supply inaccurate information
or experience interruptions in our ability to capture, store and supply information in near real time or at all, our reputation could
be harmed and we could lose customers, or we could be found liable for damages or incur other losses.
Changes in accounting principles, or intelpretations thereoﬁ could have a significant impact on our ﬁnancial position and
results of operations.
We prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (“GAAP”). These principles are subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and
create appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles can have a significant effect on our reported results and may
even retroactively affect previously reported transactions. Additionally, the adoption of new or revised accounting principles may
require that we make significant changes to our systems, processes and controls.
For example, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) has issued new accounting standards for revenue
recognition and leasing and while we know they will have an impact, we are still evaluating the extent that these new accounting
standards will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. Changes resulting from these new standards
may result in materially different financial results and may require that we change how we process, analyze and report financial
information and that we change financial reporting controls. For additional information regarding these updated standards, see the
section titled “Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Effective” within Part II. Item 8, Note 1. Basis of Presentation and
Significant Accounting Policies.”
We may not realize the anticipated benefits of past or future acquisitions, and integration of these acquisitions may disrupt our
business and management.
We may not realize the anticipated benefits of an acquisition of a company, division, product or technology, each of which
involves numerous risks. These risks include:
- difficulty in integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired business,
- difficulty in eﬁectively integrating the acquired technologies, products or services with our current technologies,
products or services,
- difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during the transition and integration,
- entry into markets in which we have minimal prior experience and where competitors in such markets have stronger
market positions;
- disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of our management and other employees from other opportunities
and challenges;
- inability to retain personnel of the acquired business,
- inability to retain key customers, distributors, vendors and other business partners of the acquired business;
- inability to achieve the financial and strategic goals for the acquired and combined businesses,
- inability to take advantage of anticipated tax benefits;
- incurring acquisition-related costs or amortization costs for acquired intangible assets that could impact our operating
results;
24