Table of Contents
ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Cash Flow Hedging—Hedges of F orecasted Foreign Currency Revenue and Interest Rate Risks
In countries outside the United States, we transact business in US. Dollars and in various other currencies. We may use
foreign exchange option contracts or forward contracts to hedge certain cash ﬂow exposures resulting from changes in these
foreign currency exchange rates. These foreign exchange contracts, carried at fair value, have maturities of up to twelve months.
We enter into these foreign exchange contracts to hedge a portion of our forecasted foreign currency denominated revenue in the
normal course of business and accordingly, they are not speculative in nature.
To receive hedge accounting treatment, all hedging relationships are formally documented at the inception of the hedge,
and the hedges must be highly effective in offsetting changes to future cash ﬂows on hedged transactions. We record changes in
the intrinsic value of these cash ﬂow hedges in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our Consolidated Balance
Sheets, until the forecasted transaction occurs. When the forecasted transaction occurs, we reclassify the related gain or loss on
the cash ﬂow hedge to revenue. In the event the underlying forecasted transaction does not occur, or it becomes probable that it
will not occur, we reclassify the gain or loss on the related cash ﬂow hedge from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
to interest and other income (expense), net in our Consolidated Statements of Income at that time. If we do not elect hedge
accounting, or the contract does not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, the changes in fair value from period to period are
recorded in interest and other income (expense), net in our Consolidated Statements of Income.
In December 2014, prior to issuing new long-term fixed rate debt, we entered into an interest rate lock agreement on a
notional amount of $600 million to hedge against the variability of future interest payments due to changes in the benchmark
interest rate. This instrument was designated as a cash ﬂow hedge. Upon issuance of our $1 billion of 3.25% senior notes due
February 1, 2025 (the “2025 Notes”) in January 2015, we terminated the instrument and incurred a loss of $16.2 million. This loss
was recorded in the stockholders’ equity section in our Consolidated Balance Sheets in accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) and will be reclassified to interest expense over a ten-year term consistent with the impact of the hedged item. See Note 15
for further details regarding our debt.
For fiscal 2016, there were no net gains or losses recognized in other income relating to hedges of forecasted transactions
that did not occur. In ﬁscal 2015 and 2014 these net gains or losses were immaterial.
Fair Value Hedging—Hedges of Interest Rate Risks
During the third quarter of fiscal 2014, we entered into interest rate swaps designated as a fair value hedge related to our
$900 million of 4.75% fixed interest rate senior notes due February 1, 2020 (the “2020 Notes”). In effect, the interest rate swaps
convert the ﬁxed interest rate on our 2020 Notes to a ﬂoating interest rate based on the LIBOR. Under the terms of the swaps, we
will pay monthly interest at the one-month LIBOR rate plus a fixed number of basis points on the $900 million notional amount
through February 1, 2020. In exchange, we will receive 4.75% fixed rate interest from the swap counterparties. See Note I 5 for
further details regarding our debt.
The interest rate swaps are accounted for as fair value hedges and substantially offset the changes in fair value of the hedged
portion of the underlying debt that are attributable to the changes in market risk. Therefore, the gains and losses related to changes
in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are included in interest and other income (expense), net in our Consolidated Statements
of Income. The fair value of the interest rate swaps is reﬂected in other assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
As of December 2, 2016, total notional amounts of outstanding contracts were $313.8 million which included the notional
equivalent of $152.8 million in Euros, $33.6 million in British Pounds, $46.5 million in Japanese Yen, $26.4 million in Indian
Rupees, and $54.5 million in other foreign currencies. As of November 27, 2015, total notional amounts of outstanding contracts
were $228.3 million which included the notional equivalent of $75.8 million in Euros, $44.3 million in British Pounds, $37.8
million in Australian Dollars, $28.8 million in Japanese Yen, and $41.6 million in other foreign currencies. At December 2, 2016
and November 27, 2015, the outstanding balance sheet hedging derivatives had maturities of 180 days or less.
80