Table of Contents
OPERATIONS
Marketing and Sales
We market and license our products directly using our sales force and through our own website at www.adobe.com. We
also market and distribute our products through sales channels, which include distributors, retailers, software developers, SIs,
ISVs and VARs, as well as through OEM and hardware bundle customers.
We support our end users through local field offices and our worldwide distribution network, which includes locations in
Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Columbia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong
Kong, India, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Moldova, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Romania, Singapore,
South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom and the United
States.
We sell the majority of our products through a software subscription model where our customers purchase access to a
product for a specific period of time during which they always have rights to use the most recent version of that product. We also
license perpetual versions of our software with maintenance and support, which includes rights to upgrades, when and if available,
support, updates and enhancements.
For ﬁscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, there were no customers that represented at least 10% of net revenue. In fiscal 2016 and
2015, no single customer was responsible for over 10% of our trade receivables.
Order Fulﬁllment Distribution
Our evolution to a services and subscription-based business model has decreased the need to produce and distribute physical
products. We still produce packaged products for a small subset of our business, but that percentage is declining as the digital
delivery of our services and subscriptions continues to grow.
In regard to physical products that we distribute, the procurement of the various components of packaged products, including
DVDs and printed materials, and the assembly of packages for retail and other applications are controlled by our product delivery
operations organization. We outsource our procurement, production, inventory and fulfillment activities to third parties in the
United States, Germany and Singapore.
To date, we have not experienced significant difficulties in obtaining raw materials for the manufacture of our products or
in the replication of DVDs, printing and assembly of components.
Services and Support
We provide expert consulting, customer success management, technical support, and learning services across all our customer
segments, including enterprises, small and medium businesses, creative professionals, and consumers. With a focus on ensuring
sustained customer success and realized value, this comprehensive portfolio of services is designed to help customers and partners
maximize the return on their investments in our cloud solutions and licensed products. Our service and support revenue consists
primarily of consulting fees, software maintenance, technical support fees and training fees.
Consulting Services
We have a global professional services team dedicated to designing and implementing solutions for our largest customers.
Our professional services team uses a comprehensive, customer-focused methodology that has been reﬁned over years of capturing
and analyzing best practices from numerous customer engagements across a diverse mix of solutions, industries, and customer
segments. Increasingly, our customers seek to integrate across Adobe’s products and cloud solutions, and engage our professional
services teams to share their expertise in leading customers’ digital strategies and multi-solution integrations. Using our
methodology, our professional services teams are able to accelerate customers” time to value, and maximize the return customers
earn on their investment in Adobe solutions.
A key component of Adobe’s strategy is developing a large partner ecosystem to expand the reach and breadth of Adobe
solutions in the global marketplace. In order to assist partners in building their respective digital practices, Adobe Global Services
provides a comprehensive set of deliverables through Adobe’s Solution Partner Program. The breadth of services described in the
program provides system integrators (SIs), digital / media agencies, and regional partners the tools required to develop core
capabilities for positioning and building with Adobe technology, as well as implementing and running customer platforms. We
believe that through these programmatic services and support, our joint customers benefit greatly by the combination of Adobe
technology and the deep customer context that our global partners represent.
15