Table of Contents
We completed our annual impairment test in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 and determined there was no impairment.
The results of our annual impairment test indicate that the fair values of our reporting units are signiﬁcantly in excess of their
carrying values.
Accounting for Income Taxes
We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, income tax expense is recognized
for the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year. In addition, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and
liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Management must make assumptions, judgments and estimates
to determine our current provision for income taxes and also our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance
to be recorded against a deferred tax asset.
Our assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to the current provision for income taxes take into account current tax
laws, our interpretation of current tax laws and possible outcomes of current and future audits conducted by foreign and domestic
tax authorities. We have established reserves for income taxes to address potential exposures involving tax positions that could
be challenged by tax authorities. In addition, we are subject to the continual examination of our income tax returns by the IRS and
other domestic and foreign tax authorities. We expect future examinations to focus on our intercompany transfer pricing practices
as well as other matters. We regularly assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the
adequacy of our provision for income taxes and have reserved for potential adjustments that may result from such examinations.
We believe such estimates to be reasonable; however, the final determination of any of these examinations could significantly
impact the amounts provided for income taxes in our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Our assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to the value of a deferred tax asset take into account predictions of the
amount and category of future taxable income, such as income from operations or capital gains income. Actual operating results
and the underlying amount and category of income in future years could render our current assumptions, judgments and estimates
of recoverable net deferred taxes inaccurate. Any of the assumptions, judgments and estimates mentioned above could cause our
actual income tax obligations to differ from our estimates, thus materially impacting our financial position and results of operations.
We are aUnited States-based multinational company subj ect to tax in multiple U. S. and foreign tax j urisdictions. A significant
portion of our foreign earnings for the current fiscal year were earned by our Irish subsidiaries. In addition to providing for US.
income taxes on earnings from the United States, we provide for US. income taxes on the earnings of foreign subsidiaries unless
the subsidiaries’ earnings are considered permanently reinvested outside the United States. While we do not anticipate changing
our intention regarding permanently reinvested earnings, if certain foreign earnings previously treated as permanently reinvested
are repatriated, the related US. tax liability may be reduced by any foreign income taxes paid on these earnings.
Our income tax expense has differed from the tax computed at the US. federal statutory income tax rate due primarily to
discrete items and to earnings considered as permanently reinvested in foreign operations. Unanticipated changes in our tax rates
could affect our future results of operations. Our future effective tax rates could be unfavorably affected by changes in the tax
rates in jurisdictions where our income is earned, by changes in, or our interpretation of, tax rules and regulations in the jurisdictions
in which we do business, by unanticipated decreases in the amount of earnings in countries with low statutory tax rates, or by
changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. The United States, countries in the European Union and other
countries where we do business have been considering changes in relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations and
interpretations, including changes to tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals such as Adobe. These potential changes could
adversely affect our eﬁective tax rates or result in other costs to us.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
See Note I of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements
that are of Signiﬁcance, or potential Significance to us.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Overview of 2016
For fiscal 2016, we reported strong financial results consistent with the continued execution of our long-term plans for our
two strategic growth areas, Digital Media and Digital Marketing, while continuing to market and license a broad portfolio of
products and solutions.
In our Digital Media segment, we are a market leader with Adobe Creative Cloud, our subscription-based oﬂering for
creating and publishing content and applications. Creative Cloud delivers value through frequent product updates, storage and
access to user files stored in the cloud with syncing of ﬁles across users’ machines, access to marketplace, social and community-
40