A USTRALIA / OCEANIA
Australia
ExxonMobil’s year-end 2016 acreage holdings totaled 1.5 million net offshore acres. Construction and commissioning activities
continued during 2016 on the Gas Conditioning Plant at Longford.
The first two trains and the domestic gas plant of the co-venturer-operated Gorgon J ansz liquefied natural gas (LNG) project
started up in 2016, and construction activities continued on the third train. The project consists of a subsea infrastructure for
offshore production and transportation of the gas, a 15.6 million tonnes per year LNG facility and a 280 million cubic feet per day
domestic gas plant located on Barrow Island, Western Australia.
Papua New Guinea
A total of 5.0 million net acres were held by ExxonMobil at year-end 2016, of which 4.1 million net acres were offshore. The
Papua New Guinea (PNG) LNG integrated development includes gas production and processing facilities in the southern PNG
Highlands, onshore and offshore pipelines, and a 6.9 million tonnes per year LNG facility near Port Moresby. ExxonMobil
acquired deepwater acreage offshore Papua New Guinea during 2016.
WORLD WIDE EXPL ORA TI ON
At year-end 2016, exploration activities were under way in several areas in which ExxonMobil has no established production
operations and thus are not included above. A total of 10.0 million net acres were held at year-end 2016 and 3.1 net exploration
wells were completed during the year in these countries.
6. Delivery Commitments
ExxonMobil sells crude oil and natural gas from its producing operations under a variety of contractual obligations, some of
which may specify the delivery of a fixed and determinable quantity for periods longer than one year. ExxonMobil also enters
into natural gas sales contracts where the source of the natural gas used to fulfill the contract can be a combination of our own
production and the spot market. Worldwide, we are contractually committed to deliver approximately 94 million barrels of oil and
2,500 billion cubic feet of natural gas for the period from 2017 through 2019. We expect to fulfill the majority of these delivery
commitments with production from our proved developed reserves. Any remaining commitments will be fulﬁlled with production
from our proved undeveloped reserves and spot market purchases as necessary.
16