Regulatory and litigation risks. Even in countries with well-developed legal systems where ExxonMobil does business, we
remain exposed to changes in law (including changes that result from international treaties and accords) that could adversely
affect our results, such as:
0 increases in taxes, duties, or government royalty rates (including retroactive claims);
0 price controls;
o changes in environmental regulations or other laws that increase our cost of compliance or reduce or delay available
business opportunities (including changes in laws related to offshore drilling operations, water use, methane emissions, or
hydraulic fracturing);
o adoption of regulations mandating the use of alternative fuels or uncompetitive fuel components;
o adoption of government payment transparency regulations that could require us to disclose competitively sensitive
commercial information, or that could cause us to violate the non-disclosure laws of other countries; and
0 government actions to cancel contracts, re-denominate the ofﬁcial currency, renounce or default on obligations,
renegotiate terms unilaterally, or expropriate assets.
Legal remedies available to compensate us for expropriation or other takings may be inadequate.
We also may be adversely affected by the outcome of litigation, especially in countries such as the United States in which very
large and unpredictable punitive damage awards may occur, or by government enforcement proceedings alleging non-compliance
with applicable laws or regulations.
Security concerns. Successful operation of particular facilities or projects may be disrupted by civil unrest, acts of sabotage or
terrorism, and other local security concerns. Such concerns may require us to incur greater costs for security or to shut down
operations for a period of time.
Climate change and greenhouse gas restrictions. Due to concern over the risk of climate change, a number of countries have
adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. These include adoption
of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, restrictive permitting, increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for
renewable energy. These requirements could make our products more expensive, lengthen project implementation times, and
reduce demand for hydrocarbons, as well as shift hydrocarbon demand toward relatively lower-carbon sources such as natural
gas. Current and pending greenhouse gas regulations may also increase our compliance costs, such as for monitoring or
sequestering emissions.
Government sponsorship of alternative energy. Many governments are providing tax advantages and other subsidies to support
alternative energy sources or are mandating the use of specific fuels or technologies. Governments and others are also promoting
research into new technologies to reduce the cost and increase the scalability of alternative energy sources. We are conducting our
own research both in-house and by working with more than 80 leading universities around the world, including the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology, Princeton University, the University of Texas, and Stanford University. Our research projects focus on
developing algae-based biofuels, carbon capture and storage, breakthrough energy efficiency processes, advanced energy-saving
materials and other technologies. For example, ExxonMobil is working with Fuel Cell Energy Inc. to explore using carbonate fuel
cells to economically capture C02 emissions from gas-fired power plants. Our future results may depend in part on the success of
our research efforts and on our ability to adapt and apply the strengths of our current business model to providing the energy
products of the future in a cost-competitive manner. See “Management Effectiveness” below.
Management Effectiveness
In addition to external economic and political factors, our future business results also depend on our ability to manage
successfully those factors that are at least in part within our control. The extent to which we manage these factors will impact our
performance relative to competition. For projects in which we are not the operator, we depend on the management effectiveness
of one or more co-venturers whom we do not control.
Exploration and development program. Our ability to maintain and grow our oil and gas production depends on the success of
our exploration and development efforts. Among other factors, we must continuously improve our ability to identify the most
promising resource prospects and apply our project management expertise to bring discovered resources on line as scheduled and
within budget.
Project management. The success of ExxonMobil’s Upstream, Downstream, and Chemical businesses depends on complex,
long-term, capital intensive projects. These projects in turn require a high degree of project management expertise to maximize
efficiency. Specific factors that can affect the performance of major projects include our ability to: negotiate successfully with
joint venturers, partners, governments, suppliers, customers, or others; model and optimize reservoir performance; develop
markets for project outputs, whether through long-term contracts or the development of effective spot markets; manage changes
in operating conditions and costs, including costs of third party equipment or services such as drilling rigs and shipping; prevent,
to the extent possible, and respond effectively to unforeseen technical difficulties that could delay project startup or cause
unscheduled project downtime; and inﬂuence the performance of project operators where ExxonMobil does not perform that role.
3