ASIA
Azerbaijan
The production sharing agreement (PSA) for the development of the Azeri-Chirag—Gunashli field is established for an initial
period of 30 years starting from the PSA execution date in 1994.
Other exploration and production activities are governed by PSAs negotiated with the national oil company of Azerbaijan. The
exploration period consists of three or four years with the possibility of a one to three—year extension. The production period,
which includes development, is for 25 years or 35 years with the possibility of one or two five-year extensions.
Indonesia
Exploration and production activities in Indonesia are generally governed by cooperation contracts, usually in the form of a
production sharing contract (PSC), negotiated with BPMIGAS, a government agency established in 2002 to manage upstream oil
and gas activities. In 2012, Indonesia’s Constitutional Court ruled certain articles of law relating to BPMIGAS to be
unconstitutional, but stated that all existing PSCs signed with BPMIGAS should remain in force until their expiry, and the
functions and duties previously performed by BPMIGAS are to be carried out by the relevant Ministry of the Government of
Indonesia until the promulgation of a new oil and gas law. By presidential decree, SKKMIGAS became the interim successor to
BPMIGAS. The current PSCs have an exploration period of six years, which can be extended up to 10 years, and an exploitation
period of 20 years. PSCs generally require the contractor to relinquish 10 percent to 20 percent of the contract area after three
years and generally allow the contractor to retain no more than 50 percent to 80 percent of the original contract area after six
years, depending on the acreage and terms.
Iraq
Development and production activities in the state-owned oil and gas ﬁelds are governed by contracts with regional oil companies
of the Iraqi Ministry of Oil. An ExxonMobil affiliate entered into a contract with South Oil Company of the Iraqi Ministry of Oil
for the rights to participate in the development and production activities of the West Qurna PhaseI oil and gas field effective
March 1, 2010. The term of the contract is 20 years with the right to extend for five years. The contract provides for cost recovery
plus per-barrel fees for incremental production above specified levels.
Exploration and production activities in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq are governed by production sharing contracts (PSCs)
negotiated with the regional government of Kurdistan in 2011. The exploration term is for five years, with extensions available as
provided by the PSCs and at the discretion of the regional government of Kurdistan. Current PSCs remain in effect by agreement
of the regional government to allow additional time for exploration or evaluation of commerciality. The production period is
20 years with the right to extend for five years.
Kazakhstan
Onshore exploration and production activities are governed by the production license, exploration license and joint venture
agreements negotiated with the Republic of Kazakhstan. Existing production operations have a 40-year production period that
commenced in 1993.
Offshore exploration and production activities are governed by a production sharing agreement negotiated with the Republic of
Kazakhstan. The exploration period is six years followed by separate appraisal periods for each discovery. The production period
for each discovery, which includes development, is for 20 years from the date of declaration of commerciality with the possibility
of two ten-year extensions.
Malaysia
Production activities are governed by production sharing contracts (PSCs) negotiated with the national oil company. The PSCs
have terms ranging up to 29 years. All extensions are subject to the national oil company’s prior written approval. The total
production period is 15 to 29 years, depending on the provisions of the respective contract.
Qatar
The State of Qatar grants gas production development project rights to develop and supply gas from the offshore North Field to
permit the economic development and production of gas reserves sufficient to satisfy the gas and LNG sales obligations of these
projects.
Republic of Yemen
The Jannah production sharing agreement has a development period extending 20 years from first commercial declaration, which
was made in June 1995. Due to force majeure events, the development period has been extended beyond its original expiration
date by an additional 735 days, with the possibility of further extensions due to ongoing force majeure events.
21