NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
application to annul is denied. On September 17, 2015 , the Committee ruled that Venezuela had complied with the requirement to
submit a written commitment to pay the award and so left the stay of enforcement in place. A hearing on Venezuela’s application
for annulment was held March 8-9, 2016.
The United States District Court for the Southern District of New York entered judgment on the ICSID award on October 10,
2014. Motions filed by Venezuela to vacate that judgment on procedural grounds and to modify the judgment by reducing the rate
of interest to be paid on the ICSID award from the entry of the court’s judgment, until the date of payment, were denied on
February 13, 2015, and March 4, 2015, respectively. On March 9, 2015, Venezuela filed a notice of appeal of the court’s actions
on the two motions. Oral arguments on this appeal were held before the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit on
January 7, 2016.
The District Court’s judgment on the ICSID award is currently stayed until such time as ICSID’s stay of the award entered
following Venezuela’s ﬁling of its application to annul has been lifted. The net impact of these matters on the Corporation’s
consolidated financial results cannot be reasonably estimated. Regardless, the Corporation does not expect the resolution to have
a material effect upon the Corporation’s operations or financial condition.
An affiliate of ExxonMobil is one of the Contractors under a Production Sharing Contract (PSC) with the Nigerian National
Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) covering the Erha block located in the offshore waters of Nigeria. ExxonMobil's affiliate is the
operator of the block and owns a 56.25 percent interest under the PSC. The Contractors are in dispute with NNPC regarding
NNPC's lifting of crude oil in excess of its entitlement under the terms of the PSC. In accordance with the terms of the PSC, the
Contractors initiated arbitration in Abuja, Nigeria, under the Nigerian Arbitration and Conciliation Act. On October 24, 2011, a
three-member arbitral Tribunal issued an award upholding the Contractors' position in all material respects and awarding damages
to the Contractors jointly in an amount of approximately $1.8 billion plus $234 million in accrued interest. The Contractors
petitioned a Nigerian federal court for enforcement of the award, and NNPC petitioned the same court to have the award set aside.
On May 22, 2012, the court set aside the award. The Contractors appealed that judgment to the Court of Appeal, Abuja Judicial
Division. On July 22, 2016, the Court of Appeal upheld the decision of the lower court setting aside the award. On October 21,
2016, the Contractors appealed the decision to the Supreme Court of Nigeria. In June 2013, the Contractors filed a lawsuit against
NNPC in the Nigerian federal high court in order to preserve their ability to seek enforcement of the PSC in the courts if
necessary. In October 2014, the Contractors filed suit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York to
enforce, if necessary, the arbitration award against NNPC assets residing within that jurisdiction. NNPC has moved to dismiss the
lawsuit. The stay in the proceedings in the Southern District of New York has been lifted. At this time, the net impact of this
matter on the Corporation's consolidated financial results cannot be reasonably estimated. However, regardless of the outcome of
enforcement proceedings, the Corporation does not expect the proceedings to have a material effect upon the Corporation's
operations or financial condition.
88