ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
ExxonMobil’s financial and operating results are subject to a variety of risks inherent in the global oil, gas, and petrochemical
businesses. Many of these risk factors are not within the Company’s control and could adversely affect our business, our financial
and operating results, or our financial condition. These risk factors include:
Supply and Demand
The oil, gas, and petrochemical businesses are fundamentally commodity businesses. This means ExxonMobil’s operations and
earnings may be significantly affected by changes in oil, gas, and petrochemical prices and by changes in margins on refined
products. Oil, gas, petrochemical, and product prices and margins in turn depend on local, regional, and global events or
conditions that affect supply and demand for the relevant commodity. Any material decline in oil or natural gas prices could have
a material adverse effect on certain of the Company’s operations, especially in the Upstream segment, financial condition and
proved reserves. On the other hand, a material increase in oil or natural gas prices could have a material adverse effect on certain
of the Company’s operations, especially in the Downstream and Chemical segments.
Economic conditions. The demand for energy and petrochemicals correlates closely with general economic growth rates. The
occurrence of recessions or other periods of low or negative economic growth will typically have a direct adverse impact on our
results. Other factors that affect general economic conditions in the world or in a major region, such as changes in population
growth rates, periods of civil unrest, government austerity programs, or currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations, can also impact the
demand for energy and petrochemicals. Sovereign debt downgrades, defaults, inability to access debt markets due to credit or
legal constraints, liquidity crises, the breakup or restructuring of fiscal, monetary, or political systems such as the European
Union, and other events or conditions that impair the functioning of financial markets and institutions also pose risks to
ExxonMobil, including risks to the safety of our financial assets and to the ability of our partners and customers to fulfill their
commitments to ExxonMobil.
Other demand-related factors. Other factors that may affect the demand for oil, gas, and petrochemicals, and therefore impact
our results, include technological improvements in energy efficiency; seasonal weather patterns, which affect the demand for
energy associated with heating and cooling; increased competitiveness of alternative energy sources that have so far generally not
been competitive with oil and gas without the beneﬁt of government subsidies or mandates; and changes in technology or
consumer preferences that alter fuel choices, such as toward alternative fueled or electric vehicles.
Other supply-related factors. Commodity prices and margins also vary depending on a number of factors affecting supply. For
example, increased supply from the development of new oil and gas supply sources and technologies to enhance recovery from
existing sources tend to reduce commodity prices to the extent such supply increases are not offset by commensurate growth in
demand. Similarly, increases in industry refining or petrochemical manufacturing capacity tend to reduce margins on the affected
products. World oil, gas, and petrochemical supply levels can also be affected by factors that reduce available supplies, such as
adherence by member countries to OPEC production quotas and the occurrence of wars, hostile actions, natural disasters,
disruptions in competitors’ operations, or unexpected unavailability of distribution channels that may disrupt supplies.
Technological change can also alter the relative costs for competitors to ﬁnd, produce, and refine oil and gas and to manufacture
petrochemicals.
Other market factors. ExxonMobil’s business results are also exposed to potential negative impacts due to changes in interest
rates, inﬂation, currency exchange rates, and other local or regional market conditions. We generally do not use financial
instruments to hedge market exposures.
Government and Political Factors
ExxonMobil’s results can be adversely affected by political or regulatory developments affecting our operations.
Access limitations. A number of countries limit access to their oil and gas resources, or may place resources off-limits from
development altogether. Restrictions on foreign investment in the oil and gas sector tend to increase in times of high commodity
prices, when national governments may have less need of outside sources of private capital. Many countries also restrict the
import or export of certain products based on point of origin.
Restrictions on doing business. ExxonMobil is subject to laws and sanctions imposed by the US. or by other jurisdictions where
we do business that may prohibit ExxonMobil or certain of its affiliates from doing business in certain countries, or restricting the
kind of business that may be conducted. Such restrictions may provide a competitive advantage to competitors who may not be
subject to comparable restrictions.
Lack of legal certainty. Some countries in which we do business lack well-developed legal systems, or have not yet adopted
clear regulatory frameworks for oil and gas development. Lack of legal certainty exposes our operations to increased risk of
adverse or unpredictable actions by government officials, and also makes it more difficult for us to enforce our contracts. In some
cases these risks can be partially offset by agreements to arbitrate disputes in an international forum, but the adequacy of this
remedy may still depend on the local legal system to enforce an award.
2