Russia
Terms for ExxonMobil’s Sakhalin acreage are fixed by the production sharing agreement (PSA) that became effective in 1996
between the Russian government and the Sakhalin-1 consortium, of which ExxonMobil is the operator. The term of the PSA is
20 years from the Declaration of Commerciality, which would be 2021. The term may be extended thereafter in ten-year
increments as specified in the PSA.
Exploration and production activities in the Kara, Laptev, Chukchi and Black Seas are governed by joint venture agreements
concluded with Rosneft in 2013 and 2014 that cover certain of Rosneft’s offshore licenses. The Kara Sea licenses covered by the
joint venture agreements concluded in 2013 extend through 2040 and include an exploration period through 2020. Additional
licenses in the Kara, Laptev and Chukchi Seas covered by the joint venture agreements concluded in 2014 extend through 2043
and include an exploration period through 2023. The Kara, Laptev and Chukchi Sea licenses require development plan
submission within eight years of a discovery and development activities within five years of plan approval. The Black Sea
exploration license extends through 2017 and a discovery is the basis for obtaining a license for production. Refer to the relevant
portion of “Note 7: Equity Company Information” of the Financial Section of this report for additional information on the
Corporation’s participation in Rosneft joint venture activities.
Thailand
The Petroleum Act of 1971 allows production under ExxonMobil’s concession for 30 years with a ten-year extension at terms
generally prevalent at the time.
United Arab Emirates
An interest in the development and production activities of the Upper Zakum field, a major offshore field, was acquired effective
as of January 2006, for a term expiring March 2026, and in 2013 the governing agreements were extended to 2041.
A USTRALIA / OCEANIA
Australia
Exploration and production activities conducted offshore in Commonwealth waters are governed by Federal legislation.
Exploration permits are granted for an initial term of six years with two possible five-year renewal periods. Retention leases may
be granted for resources that are not commercially viable at the time of application, but are expected to become commercially
viable within 15 years. These are granted for periods of five years and renewals may be requested. Prior to July 1998, production
licenses were granted initially for 21 years, with a further renewal of 21 years and thereafter “indefinitely”, i.e., for the life of the
field. Effective from July 1998, new production licenses are granted “indefinitely”. In each case, a production license may be
terminated if no production operations have been carried on for five years.
Papua New Guinea
Exploration and production activities are governed by the Oil and Gas Act. Petroleum Prospecting licenses are granted for an
initial term of six years with a five-year extension possible (an additional extension of three years is possible in certain
circumstances). Generally, a 50-percent relinquishment of the license area is required at the end of the initial six-year term, if
extended. Petroleum Development licenses are granted for an initial 25-year period. An extension of up to 20 years may be
granted at the Minister’s discretion. Petroleum Retention licenses may be granted for gas resources that are not commercially
viable at the time of application, but may become commercially viable within the maximum possible retention time of 15 years.
Petroleum Retention licenses are granted for five-year terms, and may be extended, at the Minister’s discretion, twice for the
maximum retention time of 15 years. Extensions of Petroleum Retention licenses may be for periods of less than one year,
renewable annually, if the Minister considers at the time of extension that the resources could become commercially viable in less
than five years.
22