In the preceding reserves information, consolidated subsidiary and equity company reserves are reported separately. However, the
Corporation operates its business with the same view of equity company reserves as it has for reserves from consolidated
subsidiaries.
The Corporation anticipates several projects will come online over the next few years providing additional production capacity.
However, actual volumes will vary from year to year due to the timing of individual project start-ups; operational outages;
reservoir performance; performance of enhanced oil recovery projects; regulatory changes; the impact of fiscal and commercial
terms; asset sales; weather events; price effects on production sharing contracts; changes in the amount and timing of capital
investments that may vary depending on the oil and gas price environment; and other factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors.
The estimation of proved reserves, which is based on the requirement of reasonable certainty, is an ongoing process based on
rigorous technical evaluations, commercial and market assessments and detailed analysis of well and reservoir information such
as ﬂow rates and reservoir pressures. Furthermore, the Corporation only records proved reserves for projects which have received
significant funding commitments by management made toward the development of the reserves. Although the Corporation is
reasonably certain that proved reserves will be produced, the timing and amount recovered can be affected by a number of factors
including completion of development projects, reservoir performance, regulatory approvals and significant changes in projections
of long-term oil and natural gas price levels. In addition, proved reserves could be affected by an extended period of low prices
which could reduce the level of the Corporation’s capital spending and also impact our partners’ capacity to fund their share of
joint projects.
As noted above, certain quantities of oil and natural gas that qualified as proved reserves in prior years did not qualify as proved
reserves at year-end 2016. Amounts no longer qualifying as proved reserves include the entire 3.5 billion barrels of bitumen at
Kearl. In addition, 0.8 billion barrels of oil equivalent across the remainder of North America no longer qualify as proved reserves
mainly due to the acceleration of the projected end-of—field-life. Among the factors that would result in these amounts being
recognized again as proved reserves at some point in the future are a recovery in average price levels, a further decline in costs,
and / or operating efficiencies. Under the terms of certain contractual arrangements or government royalty regimes, lower prices
can also increase proved reserves attributable to ExxonMobil. We do not expect the downward revision of reported proved
reserves under SEC definitions to affect the operation of the underlying projects or to alter our outlook for future production
volumes.
B. Technologies Used in Establishing Proved Reserves Additions in 2016
Additions to ExxonMobil’s proved reserves in 2016 were based on estimates generated through the integration of available and
appropriate geological, engineering and production data, utilizing well-established technologies that have been demonstrated in
the field to yield repeatable and consistent results.
Data used in these integrated assessments included information obtained directly from the subsurface via wellbores, such as well
logs, reservoir core samples, ﬂuid samples, static and dynamic pressure information, production test data, and surveillance and
performance information. The data utilized also included subsurface information obtained through indirect measurements
including high-quality 3-D and 4-D seismic data, calibrated with available well control information. The tools used to interpret
the data included proprietary seismic processing software, proprietary reservoir modeling and simulation software, and
commercially available data analysis packages.
In some circumstances, where appropriate analog reservoirs were available, reservoir parameters from these analogs were used to
increase the quality of and confidence in the reserves estimates.
C. Qualiﬁcations of Reserves Technical Oversight Group and Internal Controls over Proved Reserves
ExxonMobil has a dedicated Global Reserves group that provides technical oversight and is separate from the operating
organization. Primary responsibilities of this group include oversight of the reserves estimation process for compliance with
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules and regulations, review of annual changes in reserves estimates, and the
reporting of ExxonMobil’s proved reserves. This group also maintains the official company reserves estimates for ExxonMobil’s
proved reserves of crude and natural gas liquids, bitumen, synthetic oil and natural gas. In addition, the group provides training to
personnel involved in the reserves estimation and reporting process within ExxonMobil and its affiliates. The Manager of the
Global Reserves group has more than 25 years of experience in reservoir engineering and reserves assessment and has a degree in
Engineering. He is an active member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE). The group is staffed with individuals that have
an average of more than 20 years of technical experience in the petroleum industry, including expertise in the classification and
categorization of reserves under the SEC guidelines. This group includes individuals who hold advanced degrees in either
Engineering or Geology. Several members of the group hold professional registrations in their field of expertise, and a member
currently serves on the SPE Oil and Gas Reserves Committee.
6