MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The global energy markets can give rise to extended periods in which market conditions are adverse to one or more of the
Corporation’s businesses. Such conditions, along with the capital—intensive nature of the industry and very long lead times
associated with many of our projects, underscore the importance of maintaining a strong financial position. Management views
the Corporation’s financial strength as a competitive advantage.
In general, segment results are not dependent on the ability to sell and/or purchase products to/from other segments. Instead,
where such sales take place, they are the result of efficiencies and competitive advantages of integrated refinery/chemical
complexes. Additionally, intersegment sales are at market-based prices. The products bought and sold between segments can also
be acquired in worldwide markets that have substantial liquidity, capacity and transportation capabilities. About 35 percent of the
Corporation’s intersegment sales represent Upstream production sold to the Downstream. Other intersegment sales include those
between refineries and chemical plants related to raw materials, feedstocks and finished products.
Although price levels of crude oil and natural gas may rise or fall significantly over the short to medium term due to global
economic conditions, political events, decisions by OPEC and other major government resource owners and other factors,
industry economics over the long term will continue to be driven by market supply and demand. Accordingly, the Corporation
evaluates the viability of its major investments over a range of prices.
The Corporation has an active asset management program in which underperforming assets are either improved to acceptable
levels or considered for divestment. The asset management program includes a disciplined, regular review to ensure that all assets
are contributing to the Corporation’s strategic objectives resulting in an efficient capital base.
Risk Management
The Corporation’s size, strong capital structure, geographic diversity and the complementary nature of the Upstream,
Downstream and Chemical businesses reduce the Corporation’s enterprise-wide risk from changes in interest rates, currency rates
and commodity prices. As a result, the Corporation makes limited use of derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of such
changes. With respect to derivatives activities, the Corporation believes that there are no material market or credit risks to the
Corporation’s financial position, results of operations or liquidity as a result of the derivatives described in Note 13. The
Corporation does not engage in speculative derivative activities or derivative trading activities nor does it use derivatives with
leveraged features. Credit risk associated with the Corporation’s derivative position is mitigated by several factors, including the
use of derivative clearing exchanges and the quality of and financial limits placed on derivative counterparties. The Corporation
maintains a system of controls that includes the authorization, reporting and monitoring of derivative activity.
The Corporation is exposed to changes in interest rates, primarily on its short-term debt and the portion of long-term debt that
carries ﬂoating interest rates. The impact of a lOO-basis-point change in interest rates affecting the Corporation’s debt would not
be material to earnings, cash ﬂow or fair value. The Corporation has access to significant capacity of long-term and short-term
liquidity. Internally generated funds are expected to cover the majority of financial requirements, supplemented by long—term and
short-term debt. Some joint-venture partners are dependent on the credit markets, and their funding ability may impact the
development pace of joint-venture projects.
The Corporation conducts business in many foreign currencies and is subject to exchange rate risk on cash ﬂows related to sales,
expenses, financing and investment transactions. The impacts of ﬂuctuations in exchange rates on ExxonMobil’s geographically
and functionally diverse operations are varied and often offsetting in amount. The Corporation makes limited use of currency
exchange contracts to mitigate the impact of changes in currency values, and exposures related to the Corporation’s limited use of
the currency exchange contracts are not material.
Inﬂation and Other Uncertainties
The general rate of inﬂation in many major countries of operation has remained moderate over the past few years, and the
associated impact on non-energy costs has generally been mitigated by cost reductions from efficiency and productivity
improvements. Beginning several years ago, an extended period of increased demand for certain services and materials resulted in
higher operating and capital costs. More recently, multiple market changes, including general commodity price decreases, lower
oil prices and reduced upstream industry activity, have contributed to lower prices for oilfield services and materials. The
Corporation works to minimize costs in all commodity price environments through its economies of scale in global procurement
and its efficient project management practices.
56