MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued a new standard, Revenue ﬁom Contracts with Customers. The
standard establishes a single revenue recognition model for all contracts with customers, eliminates industry specific
requirements, and expands disclosure requirements. The standard is required to be adopted beginning January 1, 2018. “Sales and
Other Operating Revenue” on the Consolidated Statement of Income includes sales, excise and value-added taxes on sales
transactions. When the Corporation adopts the standard, revenue will exclude sales-based taxes collected on behalf of third
parties. This change in reporting will not impact earnings. The Corporation expects to adopt the standard using the Modiﬁed
Retrospective method, under which prior years’ results are not restated, but supplemental information on the impact of the new
standard is provided for 2018 results. The Corporation continues to evaluate other areas of the standard, which are not expected to
have a material effect on the Corporation’s ﬁnancial statements.
In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued a new standard, Leases. The standard requires that all leases
with an initial term greater than one year be recorded on the balance sheet as a lease asset and a lease liability. The standard is
required to be adopted beginning January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. ExxonMobil is evaluating the standard and its
effect on the Corporation’s financial statements and plans to adopt it in 2019.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
The Corporation’s accounting and financial reporting fairly reﬂect its straightforward business model involving the extracting,
refining and marketing of hydrocarbons and hydrocarbon-based products. The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with US. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The
Corporation’s accounting policies are summarized in Note 1.
Oil and Natural Gas Reserves
The estimation of proved reserves is an ongoing process based on rigorous technical evaluations, commercial and market
assessment, and detailed analysis of well information such as ﬂow rates and reservoir pressure declines, among other factors. The
estimation of proved reserves is controlled by the Corporation through long-standing approval guidelines. Reserve changes are
made within a well-established, disciplined process driven by senior level geoscience and engineering professionals, assisted by
the Global Reserves Group which has significant technical experience, culminating in reviews with and approval by senior
management. Notably, the Corporation does not use specific quantitative reserve targets to determine compensation. Key features
of the reserve estimation process are covered in Disclosure of Reserves in Item 2.
Oil and natural gas reserves include both proved and unproved reserves.
0 Proved oil and natural gas reserves are determined in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
requirements. Proved reserves are those quantities of oil and natural gas which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering
data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible under existing economic and operating
conditions and government regulations. Proved reserves are determined using the average of first-of-month oil and natural
gas prices during the reporting year.
Proved reserves can be further subdivided into developed and undeveloped reserves. Proved developed reserves include
amounts which are expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods.
Proved undeveloped reserves include amounts expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled proved acreage or
from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for completion. Proved undeveloped reserves are
recognized only if a development plan has been adopted indicating that the reserves are scheduled to be drilled within five
years, unless specific circumstances support a longer period of time.
The percentage of proved developed reserves was 69 percent of total proved reserves at year-end 2016 (including both
consolidated and equity company reserves), a reduction from 73 percent in 2015, and has been over 60 percent for the last
ten years. Although the Corporation is reasonably certain that proved reserves will be produced, the timing and amount
recovered can be affected by a number of factors including completion of development projects, reservoir performance,
regulatory approvals and significant changes in long-term oil and natural gas prices.
0 Unproved reserves are quantities of oil and natural gas with less than reasonable certainty of recoverability and include
probable reserves. Probable reserves are reserves that, together with proved reserves, are as likely as not to be recovered.
Revisions in previously estimated volumes of proved reserves for existing fields can occur due to the evaluation or re-evaluation
of (1) already available geologic, reservoir or production data, (2) new geologic, reservoir or production data or (3) changes in the
57