MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
production costs. During the lifespan of these major assets, the Corporation expects that oil and gas prices will experience
significant volatility, and consequently these assets will experience periods of higher earnings and periods of lower earnings, or
even losses. In assessing whether the events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be
recoverable, the Corporation considers recent periods of operating losses in the context of its longer-term view of prices. While
near-term prices are subject to wide ﬂuctuations, longer-term price views are more stable and meaningful for purposes of
assessing future cash ﬂows.
When the industry experiences a prolonged and deep reduction in commodity prices, the market supply and demand conditions
may result in changes to the Corporation’s long-term price or margin assumptions it uses for its capital investment decisions. To
the extent those changes result in a significant reduction in the mid-point of its long-term oil, natural gas price or margin ranges,
the Corporation may consider that situation, in conjunction with other events and changes in circumstances such as a history of
operating losses, an indicator of potential impairment for certain assets.
In the Upstream, the standardized measure of discounted cash ﬂows included in the Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas
Exploration and Production Activities is required to use prices based on the average of first-of-month prices. These prices
represent discrete points in time and could be higher or lower than the Corporation’s long-term price assumptions which are used
for impairment assessments. The Corporation believes the standardized measure does not provide a reliable estimate of the
expected future cash ﬂows to be obtained from the development and production of its oil and gas properties or of the value of its
oil and gas reserves and therefore does not consider it relevant in determining whether events or changes in circumstances
indicate the need for an impairment assessment.
If events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, the Corporation estimates the future
undiscounted cash ﬂows of the affected properties to judge the recoverability of carrying amounts. In performing this assessment,
assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash ﬂows that are largely independent of the cash ﬂows of
other groups of assets. Cash ﬂows used in recoverability assessments are based on the Corporation’s assumptions which are
developed in the annual planning and budgeting process, and are consistent with the criteria management uses to evaluate
investment opportunities. These evaluations make use of the Corporation’s assumptions of future crude oil and natural gas
commodity prices, refining and chemical margins, volumes, costs, and foreign currency exchange rates. Volumes are based on
projected field and facility production profiles, throughput, or sales. Where unproved reserves exist, an appropriately risk-
adjusted amount of these reserves may be included in the evaluation. Cash ﬂow estimates for impairment testing exclude the
effects of derivative instruments.
An asset group is impaired if its undiscounted cash ﬂows are less than the asset’s carrying value. Impairments are measured by
the amount by which the carrying value exceeds fair value. Fair value is based on market prices if an active market exists for the
asset group, or discounted cash ﬂows using a discount rate commensurate with the risk. Significant unproved properties are
assessed for impairment individually, and valuation allowances against the capitalized costs are recorded based on the estimated
economic chance of success and the length of time that the Corporation expects to hold the properties. Properties that are not
individually significant are aggregated by groups and amortized based on development risk and average holding period.
Continued weakness in the upstream industry environment during 2016, continued weak financial results for several assets in
North America, and a reduction in the mid-point of the ranges of the Corporation’s long-term oil and natural gas prices developed
as part of its annual planning and budgeting cycle led the Corporation to conclude that the facts and circumstances supported
performing an impairment assessment of certain long-lived assets, notably North America natural gas assets and certain other
assets across the remainder of its Upstream operations. The assessment reﬂected long-term crude and natural gas prices which are
consistent with the mid-point of the ranges that management uses to evaluate investment opportunities and which are in the range
of long-term price forecasts published by third-party industry experts and government agencies. This assessment indicated that
the vast majority of asset groups have future undiscounted cash ﬂow estimates exceeding carrying values. However, the carrying
values for certain asset groups in the United States exceeded the estimated cash ﬂows. As a result, the Corporation’s fourth
quarter 2016 results include an after-tax charge of $2 billion to reduce the carrying value of those assets to fair value. The asset
groups subject to this impairment charge are primarily dry gas operations in the Rocky Mountains region of the United States
with large undeveloped acreage positions.
The assessment of fair values required the use of Level 3 inputs. The principal parameters used to establish fair values included
estimates of both proved and unproved reserves, future commodity prices which were consistent with the average of third-party
industry experts and government agencies, drilling and development costs, discount rates ranging from 5.5 percent to 8 percent
depending on the characteristics of the asset group, and comparable market transactions. Due to the inherent difficulty in
predicting future commodity prices, and the relationship between industry prices and costs, it is not practicable to reasonably
estimate the existence or range of any potential future impairment charges related to the Corporation’s long-lived assets.
5 9