PART II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COlVIlVION EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Reference is made to the “Quarterly Information” portion of the Financial Section of this report.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
As previously reported in the Corporation’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, on
July 21, 2016, the Corporation entered into an Arrangement Agreement, as amended and restated on December 15, 2016, to
acquire all of the issued and outstanding common stock of InterOil Corporation (10C) in exchange for consideration including
around 28 million shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation common stock. With respect to the shares of common stock to be issued in
connection with the transaction, the Corporation is relying on the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(10) of the
Securities Act of 1933.
As previously reported in the Corporation’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 17, 2017, on January 16, 2017, an affiliate
of the Corporation entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (PSA) to acquire companies owned by the Bass family of Fort
Worth, Texas, that indirectly own certain oil and gas properties in the Permian Basin and certain additional properties and related
assets in exchange for issuance to the sellers of shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation common stock having an aggregate value at
the time of closing of $5 .6 billion. The number of shares of the Corporation’s common stock for this purpose will be determined
based on the Corporation’s volume-weighted average trading price over a 10-day period ending on the third trading date
immediately preceding the closing date. The transaction is currently expected to close on or about February 28, 2017. As of
January 16, 2017, the number of shares issuable in connection with the transaction would have been approximately 63 million.
The sale of shares under the PSA has been structured as a private placement solely to accredited investors and therefore the
Corporation is relying on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933.
See “Note 20: Subsequent Events” of the Financial Section of this report for additional information regarding these transactions.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities for Quarter Ended December 31, 2016
Total Number of
Shares
Purchased as Maximum Number
Part of Publicly of Shares that May
Total Number of Average Price Announced Yet Be Purchased
Shares Paid per Plans or Under the Plans or
Period Purchased Share Programs Programs
October 2016 - _
November 2016 - -
December 2016 - -
Total : - : : - : (See Note 1)
During the fourth quarter, the Corporation did not purchase any shares of its common stock for the treasury.
Note 1 - On August 1, 2000, the Corporation announced its intention to resume purchases of shares of its common stock for the
treasury both to offset shares issued in conjunction with company benefit plans and programs and to gradually reduce the number
of shares outstanding. The announcement did not specify an amount or expiration date. The Corporation has continued to
purchase shares since this announcement and to report purchased volumes in its quarterly earnings releases. In its earnings release
dated February 2, 2016, the Corporation stated it will continue to acquire shares to offset dilution in conjunction with benefit
plans and programs, but had suspended making purchases to reduce shares outstanding effective beginning the first quarter of
2016.
30