Oil and Gas Reserves
The following information describes changes during the years and balances of proved oil and gas reserves at year-end 2014, 2015,
and 2016.
The deﬁnitions used are in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Rule 4-10 (a) of Regulation S-X.
Proved oil and natural gas reserves are those quantities of oil and natural gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering
data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible — from a given date forward, from known
reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations — prior to the time at which
contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain. In some cases,
substantial new investments in additional wells and related facilities will be required to recover these proved reserves.
In accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission’s (SEC) rules, the Corporation’s year-end reserves volumes as well
as the reserves change categories shown in the following tables are required to be calculated on the basis of average prices during
the 12-month period prior to the ending date of the period covered by the report, determined as an unweighted arithmetic average
of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within such period. These reserves quantities are also used in calculating
unit-of-production depreciation rates and in calculating the standardized measure of discounted net cash ﬂow.
Revisions can include upward or downward changes in previously estimated volumes of proved reserves for existing fields due to
the evaluation or re-evaluation of (1) already available geologic, reservoir or production data, (2) new geologic, reservoir or
production data or (3) changes in the average of first-of-month oil and natural gas prices and / or costs that are used in the
estimation of reserves. Revisions can also result from significant changes in either development strategy or production
equipment/facility capacity. Reserve volumes that were subject to a downward revision can be revised upward at some point in
the future when price levels increase, costs decline, and / or operating efficiencies occur.
As a result of very low prices during 2016, under the SEC definition of proved reserves, certain quantities of oil and natural gas
that qualified as proved reserves in prior years did not qualify as proved reserves at year-end 2016 and are reﬂected as downward
revisions. Amounts no longer qualifying as proved reserves include the entire 3.5 billion barrels of bitumen at Kearl. In addition,
0.8 billion barrels of oil equivalent across the remainder of North America no longer qualify as proved reserves mainly due to the
acceleration of the projected end-of-field-life. Among the factors that would result in these amounts being recognized again as
proved reserves at some point in the future are a recovery in average price levels, a further decline in costs, and / or operating
efficiencies. We do not expect the downward revision of reported proved reserves under SEC definitions to affect the operation of
the underlying projects or to alter our outlook for future production volumes.
Proved reserves include 100 percent of each majority-owned affiliate’s participation in proved reserves and ExxonMobil’s
ownership percentage of the proved reserves of equity companies, but exclude royalties and quantities due others. Natural gas
reserves exclude the gaseous equivalent of liquids expected to be removed from the natural gas on leases, at field facilities and at
gas processing plants. These liquids are included in net proved reserves of crude oil and natural gas liquids.
In the proved reserves tables, consolidated reserves and equity company reserves are reported separately. However, the
Corporation does not view equity company reserves any differently than those from consolidated companies.
Reserves reported under production sharing and other nonconcessionary agreements are based on the economic interest as defined
by the specific fiscal terms in the agreement. The production and reserves that we report for these types of arrangements typically
vary inversely with oil and natural gas price changes. As oil and natural gas prices increase, the cash ﬂow and value received by
the company increase; however, the production volumes and reserves required to achieve this value will typically be lower
because of the higher prices. When prices decrease, the opposite effect generally occurs. The percentage of total liquids and
natural gas proved reserves (consolidated subsidiaries plus equity companies) at year-end 2016 that were associated with
production sharing contract arrangements was 14 percent of liquids, 9 percent of natural gas and 12 percent on an oil-equivalent
basis (natural gas converted to oil-equivalent at 6 billion cubic feet = 1 million barrels).
Net proved developed reserves are those volumes that are expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing
equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a
new well. Net proved undeveloped reserves are those volumes that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled
acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion.
Crude oil and natural gas liquids and natural gas production quantities shown are the net volumes withdrawn from ExxonMobil’s
oil and natural gas reserves. The natural gas quantities differ from the quantities of natural gas delivered for sale by the producing
function as reported in the Operating Information due to volumes consumed or ﬂared and inventory changes.
108