NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded in income. In some cases, the
Corporation designates derivatives as fair value hedges, in which case the gains and losses are offset in income by the gains and
losses arising from changes in the fair value of the underlying hedged item.
Fair Value
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants. Hierarchy Levels 1, 2 and 3 are terms for the priority of inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value.
Hierarchy Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Hierarchy Level 2 inputs are inputs
other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability. Hierarchy
Level 3 inputs are inputs that are not observable in the market.
Inventories
Crude oil, products and merchandise inventories are carried at the lower of current market value or cost (generally determined
under the last-in, first-out method — LIFO). Inventory costs include expenditures and other charges (including depreciation)
directly and indirectly incurred in bringing the inventory to its existing condition and location. Selling expenses and general and
administrative expenses are reported as period costs and excluded from inventory cost. Inventories of materials and supplies are
valued at cost or less.
Property, Plant and Equipment
Cost Basis. The Corporation uses the “successful efforts” method to account for its exploration and production activities. Under
this method, costs are accumulated on a field-by-field basis. Costs incurred to purchase, lease, or otherwise acquire a property
(whether unproved or proved) are capitalized when incurred. Exploratory well costs are carried as an asset when the well has
found a sufficient quantity of reserves to justify its completion as a producing well and where the Corporation is making
sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project. Exploratory well costs not
meeting these criteria are charged to expense. Other exploratory expenditures, including geophysical costs and annual lease
rentals, are expensed as incurred. Development costs, including costs of productive wells and development dry holes, are
capitalized.
Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization. Depreciation, depletion and amortization are primarily determined under either the
unit-of-production method or the straight-line method, which is based on estimated asset service life taking obsolescence into
consideration.
Acquisition costs of proved properties are amortized using a unit-of-production method, computed on the basis of total proved oil
and gas reserves. Capitalized exploratory drilling and development costs associated with productive depletable extractive
properties are amortized using the unit-of-production rates based on the amount of proved developed reserves of oil and gas that
are estimated to be recoverable from existing facilities using current operating methods. Under the unit-of-production method, oil
and gas volumes are considered produced once they have been measured through meters at custody transfer or sales transaction
points at the outlet valve on the lease or field storage tank. In the event that the unit-of-production method does not result in an
equitable allocation of cost over the economic life of an upstream asset, an alternative method is used. The straight-line method is
used in limited situations where the expected life of the asset does not reasonably correlate with that of the underlying reserves.
For example, certain assets used in the production of oil and natural gas have a shorter life than the reserves, and as such, the
Corporation uses straight-line depreciation to ensure the asset is fully depreciated by the end of its useful life.
Under the SEC definition of proved reserves, certain quantities of oil and natural gas did not qualify as proved reserves at year-
end 2016, the substantial majority of which relates to the Kearl oil sands operation, where no proved reserves remain. To the
extent that proved reserves for a property are entirely de—booked and that property continues to produce, assets will be depreciated
using a unit-of-production method based on reserves determined at the most recent SEC price which results in a quantity of
proved reserves greater than zero, appropriately adjusted for production and technical changes.
Investments in refinery, chemical process, and lubes basestock manufacturing equipment are generally depreciated on a
straight-line basis over a 25-year life. Service station buildings and fixed improvements generally are depreciated over a 20-year
life. Maintenance and repairs, including planned major maintenance, are expensed as incurred. Maj or renewals and improvements
are capitalized and the assets replaced are retired.
71