NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
economic chance of success and the length of time that the Corporation expects to hold the properties. Properties that are not
individually significant are aggregated by groups and amortized based on development risk and average holding period.
Other. Gains on sales of proved and unproved properties are only recognized when there is neither uncertainty about the recovery
of costs applicable to any interest retained nor any substantial obligation for future performance by the Corporation. Losses on
properties sold are recognized when incurred or when the properties are held for sale and the fair value of the properties is less
than the carrying value.
Interest costs incurred to finance expenditures during the construction phase of multiyear projects are capitalized as part of the
historical cost of acquiring the constructed assets. The project construction phase commences with the development of the
detailed engineering design and ends when the constructed assets are ready for their intended use. Capitalized interest costs are
included in property, plant and equipment and are depreciated over the service life of the related assets.
Asset Retirement Obligations and Environmental Liabilities
The Corporation incurs retirement obligations for certain assets. The fair values of these obligations are recorded as liabilities on
a discounted basis, which is typically at the time the assets are installed. The costs associated with these liabilities are capitalized
as part of the related assets and depreciated. Over time, the liabilities are accreted for the change in their present value.
Liabilities for environmental costs are recorded when it is probable that obligations have been incurred and the amounts can be
reasonably estimated. These liabilities are not reduced by possible recoveries from third parties, and projected cash expenditures
are not discounted.
Foreign Currency Translation
The Corporation selects the functional reporting currency for its international subsidiaries based on the currency of the primary
economic environment in which each subsidiary operates.
Downstream and Chemical operations primarily use the local currency. However, the US. dollar is used in countries with a
history of high inﬂation (primarily in Latin America) and Singapore, which predominantly sells into the US. dollar export
market. Upstream operations which are relatively self-contained and integrated within a particular country, such as Canada, the
United Kingdom, Norway and continental Europe, use the local currency. Some Upstream operations, primarily in Asia and
Africa, use the US. dollar because they predominantly sell crude and natural gas production into US. dollar-denominated
markets.
For all operations, gains or losses from remeasuring foreign currency transactions into the functional currency are included in
income.
Stock-Based Payments
The Corporation awards stock-based compensation to employees in the form of restricted stock and restricted stock units.
Compensation expense is measured by the price of the stock at the date of grant and is recognized in income over the requisite
service period.
73