MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The Corporation will continue to make contributions to these funded plans as necessary. All defined-benefit pension obligations,
regardless of the funding status of the underlying plans, are fully supported by the financial strength of the Corporation or the
respective sponsoring affiliate.
Pension accounting requires explicit assumptions regarding, among others, the long-term expected earnings rate on fund assets,
the discount rate for the benefit obligations and the long-term rate for future salary increases. Pension assumptions are reviewed
annually by outside actuaries and senior management. These assumptions are adjusted as appropriate to reﬂect changes in market
rates and outlook. The long-term expected earnings rate on US. pension plan assets in 2016 was 6.50 percent. The 10-year and
20-year actual returns on US. pension plan assets were 5 percent and 8 percent, respectively. The Corporation establishes the
long-term expected rate of return by developing a forward—looking, long-term return assumption for each pension fund asset class,
taking into account factors such as the expected real return for the specific asset class and inﬂation. A single, long-term rate of
return is then calculated as the weighted average of the target asset allocation percentages and the long-term return assumption for
each asset class. A worldwide reduction of 0.5 percent in the long-term rate of return on assets would increase annual pension
expense by approximately $160 million before tax.
Differences between actual returns on fund assets and the long-term expected return are not recognized in pension expense in the
year that the difference occurs. Such differences are deferred, along with other actuarial gains and losses, and are amortized into
pension expense over the expected remaining service life of employees.
Litigation Contingencies
A variety of claims have been made against the Corporation and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries in a number of pending
lawsuits. Management has regular litigation reviews, including updates from corporate and outside counsel, to assess the need for
accounting recognition or disclosure of these contingencies. The status of significant claims is summarized in Note 16.
The Corporation accrues an undiscounted liability for those contingencies where the incurrence of a loss is probable, and the
amount can be reasonably estimated. These amounts are not reduced by amounts that may be recovered under insurance or claims
against third parties, but undiscounted receivables from insurers or other third parties may be accrued separately. The Corporation
revises such accruals in light of new information. For contingencies where an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible and
which are significant, the Corporation discloses the nature of the contingency and, where feasible, an estimate of the possible loss.
For purposes of our litigation contingency disclosures, “significant” includes material matters as well as other items which
management believes should be disclosed.
Management judgment is required related to contingent liabilities and the outcome of litigation because both are difficult to
predict. However, the Corporation has been successful in defending litigation in the past. Payments have not had a material
adverse effect on operations or financial condition. In the Corporation’s experience, large claims often do not result in large
awards. Large awards are often reversed or substantially reduced as a result of appeal or settlement.
Tax Contingencies
The Corporation is subject to income taxation in many jurisdictions around the world. Significant management judgment is
required in the accounting for income tax contingencies and tax disputes because the outcomes are often difficult to predict.
The benefits of uncertain tax positions that the Corporation has taken or expects to take in its income tax returns are recognized in
the financial statements if management concludes that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained with the tax
authorities. For a position that is likely to be sustained, the benefit recognized in the financial statements is measured at the largest
amount that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized. A reserve is established for the difference between a position taken
or expected to be taken in an income tax return and the amount recognized in the financial statements. The Corporation’s
unrecognized tax benefits and a description of open tax years are summarized in Note 19.
61