The term “project” as used in this report can refer to a variety of different activities and does not necessarily have the same
meaning as in any government payment transparency reports.
Operational efﬁciency. An important component of ExxonMobil’s competitive performance, especially given the
commodity—based nature of many of our businesses, is our ability to operate efficiently, including our ability to manage expenses
and improve production yields on an ongoing basis. This requires continuous management focus, including technology
improvements, cost control, productivity enhancements, regular reappraisal of our asset portfolio, and the recruitment,
development, and retention of high caliber employees.
Research and development. To maintain our competitive position, especially in light of the technological nature of our
businesses and the need for continuous efficiency improvement, ExxonMobil’s research and development organizations must be
successful and able to adapt to a changing market and policy environment, including developing technologies to help reduce
greenhouse gas emissions.
Safety, business controls, and environmental risk management. Our results depend on management’s ability to minimize the
inherent risks of oil, gas, and petrochemical operations, to control effectively our business activities, and to minimize the potential
for human error. We apply rigorous management systems and continuous focus to workplace safety and to avoiding spills or other
adverse environmental events. For example, we work to minimize spills through a combined program of effective operations
integrity management, ongoing upgrades, key equipment replacements, and comprehensive inspection and surveillance.
Similarly, we are implementing cost-effective new technologies and adopting new operating practices to reduce air emissions, not
only in response to government requirements but also to address community priorities. We also maintain a disciplined framework
of internal controls and apply a controls management system for monitoring compliance with this framework. Substantial
liabilities and other adverse impacts could result if our management systems and controls do not function as intended. The ability
to insure against such risks is limited by the capacity of the applicable insurance markets, which may not be sufficient.
Business risks also include the risk of cybersecurity breaches. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks prove not
to be sufficient, ExxonMobil could be adversely affected such as by having its business systems compromised, its proprietary
information altered, lost or stolen, or its business operations disrupted.
Preparedness. Our operations may be disrupted by severe weather events, natural disasters, human error, and similar events. For
example, hurricanes may damage our offshore production facilities or coastal refining and petrochemical plants in vulnerable
areas. Our facilities are designed, constructed, and operated to withstand a variety of extreme climatic and other conditions, with
safety factors built in to cover a number of engineering uncertainties, including those associated with wave, wind, and current
intensity, marine ice ﬂow patterns, permafrost stability, storm surge magnitude, temperature extremes, extreme rain fall events,
and earthquakes. Our consideration of changing weather conditions and inclusion of safety factors in design covers the
engineering uncertainties that climate change and other events may potentially introduce. Our ability to mitigate the adverse
impacts of these events depends in part upon the effectiveness of our robust facility engineering as well as our rigorous disaster
preparedness and response and business continuity planning.
Projections, estimates, and descriptions of ExxonMobil’s plans and objectives included or incorporated in Items 1, 1A, 2, 7 and
7A of this report are forward-looking statements. Actual future results, including project completion dates, production rates,
capital expenditures, costs, and business plans could differ materially due to, among other things, the factors discussed above and
elsewhere in this report.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
Not applicable.
4