NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
16. Litigation and Other Contingencies
Litigation. A variety of claims have been made against ExxonMobil and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries in a number of
pending lawsuits. Management has regular litigation reviews, including updates from corporate and outside counsel, to assess the
need for accounting recognition or disclosure of these contingencies. The Corporation accrues an undiscounted liability for those
contingencies where the incurrence of a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If a range of amounts can
be reasonably estimated and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, then the minimum of the
range is accrued. The Corporation does not record liabilities when the likelihood that the liability has been incurred is probable
but the amount cannot be reasonably estimated or when the liability is believed to be only reasonably possible or remote. For
contingencies where an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible and which are significant, the Corporation discloses the
nature of the contingency and, where feasible, an estimate of the possible loss. For purposes of our contingency disclosures,
“significant” includes material matters, as well as other matters, which management believes should be disclosed. ExxonMobil
will continue to defend itself vigorously in these matters. Based on a consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances, the
Corporation does not believe the ultimate outcome of any currently pending lawsuit against ExxonMobil will have a material
adverse effect upon the Corporation’s operations, financial condition, or financial statements taken as a whole.
Other Contingencies. The Corporation and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries were contingently liable at
December 31, 2016, for guarantees relating to notes, loans and performance under contracts. Where guarantees for environmental
remediation and other similar matters do not include a stated cap, the amounts reﬂect management’s estimate of the maximum
potential exposure.
Dec. 31, 2016
Equity Company Other Third-Party
Obligations (I) Obligations Total
(millions of dollars)
Guarantees
Debt-related l 18 30 148
Other 2,413 3,975 6,388
Total : 2,531 4,005 6,536 :
(I) ExxonMobil share.
Additionally, the Corporation and its affiliates have numerous long-term sales and purchase commitments in their various
business activities, all of which are expected to be fulfilled with no adverse consequences material to the Corporation’s operations
or financial condition.
In accordance with a nationalization decree issued by Venezuela’s president in February 2007, by May 1, 2007, a subsidiary of
the Venezuelan National Oil Company (PdVSA) assumed the operatorship of the Cerro Negro Heavy Oil Project. This Project
had been operated and owned by ExxonMobil affiliates holding a 41.67 percent ownership interest in the Project. The decree also
required conversion of the Cerro Negro Project into a “mixed enterprise” and an increase in PdVSA’s or one of its affiliate’s
ownership interest in the Project, with the stipulation that if ExxonMobil refused to accept the terms for the formation of the
mixed enterprise within a specified period of time, the government would “directly assume the activities” carried out by the joint
venture. ExxonMobil refused to accede to the terms proffered by the government, and on June 27, 2007, the government
expropriated ExxonMobil’s 41.67 percent interest in the Cerro Negro Project.
On September 6, 2007, affiliates of ExxonMobil filed a Request for Arbitration with the International Centre for Settlement of
Investment Disputes (ICSID). The ICSID Tribunal issued a decision on June 10, 2010, finding that it had jurisdiction to proceed
on the basis of the Netherlands-Venezuela Bilateral Investment Treaty. On October 9, 2014, the ICSID Tribunal issued its final
award finding in favor of the ExxonMobil affiliates and awarding $1.6 billion as of the date of expropriation, June 27, 2007, and
interest from that date at 3.25% compounded annually until the date of payment in full. The Tribunal also noted that one of the
Cerro Negro Project agreements provides a mechanism to prevent double recovery between the ICSID award and all or part of an
earlier award of $908 million to an ExxonMobil afﬁliate, Mobil Cerro Negro, Ltd, against PdVSA and a PdVSA affiliate,
PdVSA CN, in an arbitration under the rules of the International Chamber of Commerce.
On June 12, 2015, the Tribunal rejected in its entirety Venezuela’s October 23, 2014, application to revise the ICSID award. The
Tribunal also lifted the associated stay of enforcement that had been entered upon the filing of the application to revise.
Still pending is Venezuela’s February 2, 2015, application to ICSID seeking annulment of the ICSID award. That application
alleges that, in issuing the ICSID award, the Tribunal exceeded its powers, failed to state reasons on which the ICSID award was
based, and departed from a fundamental rule of procedure. A separate stay of the ICSID award was entered following the filing of
the annulment application. On July 7, 2015, the ICSID Committee considering the annulment application heard arguments from
the parties on whether to lift the stay of the award associated with that application. On July 28, 2015, the Committee issued an
order that would lift the stay of enforcement unless, within 30 days, Venezuela delivered a commitment to pay the award if the
87