MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Guarantees
The Corporation and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries were contingently liable at December 31, 2016, for guarantees
relating to notes, loans and performance under contracts (Note 16). Where guarantees for environmental remediation and other
similar matters do not include a stated cap, the amounts reﬂect management’s estimate of the maximum potential exposure. These
guarantees are not reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Corporation’s financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
Financial Strength
On December 31, 2016, the Corporation’s unused short-term committed lines of credit totaled $5.5 billion (Note 6) and unused
long-term committed lines of credit totaled $0.3 billion (Note 14). The table below shows the Corporation’s fixed-charge
coverage and consolidated debt-to-capital ratios. The data demonstrate the Corporation’s creditworthiness.
2016 2015 2014
Fixed-charge coverage ratio (times) 5.7 17.6 46.9
Debt to capital (percent) 19.7 18.0 13.9
Net debt to capital (percent) 18.4 16.5 11.9
Management views the Corporation’s financial strength, as evidenced by the above financial ratios and other similar measures, to
be a competitive advantage of strategic importance. The Corporation’s sound financial position gives it the opportunity to access
the world’s capital markets in the full range of market conditions, and enables the Corporation to take on large, long-term capital
commitments in the pursuit of maximizing shareholder value.
Litigation and Other Contingencies
As discussed in Note 16, a variety of claims have been made against ExxonMobil and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries in a
number of pending lawsuits. Based on a consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances, the Corporation does not believe
the ultimate outcome of any currently pending lawsuit against ExxonMobil will have a material adverse effect upon the
Corporation’s operations, financial condition, or financial statements taken as a whole. There are no events or uncertainties
beyond those already included in reported financial information that would indicate a material change in future operating results
or financial condition. Refer to Note 16 for additional information on legal proceedings and other contingencies.
53