NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Impairment Assessment. The Corporation tests assets or groups of assets for recoverability whenever events or circumstances
indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Among the events or changes in circumstances which could indicate
that the carrying value of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable are the following:
o a significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset;
o a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is being used or in its physical condition including a
significant decrease in current and projected reserve volumes;
0 a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value, including an adverse
action or assessment by a regulator;
0 an accumulation of project costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected;
0 a current-period operating loss combined with a history and forecast of operating or cash ﬂow losses; and
o a current expectation that, more likely than not, a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before
the end of its previously estimated useful life.
The Corporation performs asset valuation analyses on an ongoing basis as a part of its asset management program. These analyses
and other profitability reviews assist the Corporation in assessing whether the carrying amounts of any of its assets may not be
recoverable.
In general, the Corporation does not view temporarily low prices or margins as an indication of impairment. Management does
not believe that lower prices are sustainable if energy is to be delivered with supply security to meet global demand over the long
term. Although prices will occasionally drop significantly, industry prices over the long term will continue to be driven by market
supply and demand. On the supply side, industry production from mature fields is declining, but this is being offset by production
from new discoveries and field developments. OPEC production policies also have an impact on world oil supplies. The demand
side is largely a function of global economic growth. Because the lifespans of the vast majority of the Corporation’s major assets
are measured in decades, the value of these assets is predominantly based on long-term views of future commodity prices and
production costs. During the lifespan of these major assets, the Corporation expects that oil and gas prices will experience
significant volatility, and consequently these assets will experience periods of higher earnings and periods of lower earnings, or
even losses. In assessing whether the events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be
recoverable, the Corporation considers recent periods of operating losses in the context of its longer-term view of prices. While
near-term prices are subject to wide ﬂuctuations, longer term price views are more stable and meaningful for purposes of
assessing future cash ﬂows.
When the industry experiences a prolonged and deep reduction in commodity prices, the market supply and demand conditions
may result in changes to the Corporation’s long-term price or margin assumptions it uses for its capital investment decisions. To
the extent those changes result in a significant reduction in the mid-point of its long-term oil, natural gas price or margin ranges,
the Corporation may consider that situation, in conjunction with other events and changes in circumstances such as a history of
operating losses, an indicator of potential impairment for certain assets.
In the Upstream, the standardized measure of discounted cash ﬂows included in the Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas
Exploration and Production activities is required to use prices based on the average of first-of-month prices. These prices
represent discrete points in time and could be higher or lower than the Corporation’s long-term price assumptions which are used
for impairment assessments. The Corporation believes the standardized measure does not provide a reliable estimate of the
expected future cash ﬂows to be obtained from the development and production of its oil and gas properties or of the value of its
oil and gas reserves and therefore does not consider it relevant in determining whether events or changes in circumstances
indicate the need for an impairment assessment.
If events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, the Corporation estimates the future
undiscounted cash ﬂows of the affected properties to judge the recoverability of carrying amounts. In performing this assessment,
assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash ﬂows that are largely independent of the cash ﬂows of
other groups of assets. Cash ﬂows used in recoverability assessments are based on the Corporation’s assumptions which are
developed in the annual planning and budgeting process, and are consistent with the criteria management uses to evaluate
investment opportunities. These evaluations make use of the Corporation’s assumptions of future crude oil and natural gas
commodity prices, refining and chemical margins, volumes, costs, and foreign currency exchange rates. Volumes are based on
projected field and facility production profiles, throughput, or sales. Where unproved reserves exist, an appropriately risk-
adjusted amount of these reserves may be included in the evaluation. Cash ﬂow estimates for impairment testing exclude the
effects of derivative instruments.
An asset group is impaired if its undiscounted cash ﬂows are less than the asset’s carrying value. Impairments are measured by
the amount by which the carrying value exceeds fair value. Fair value is based on market prices if an active market exists for the
asset group, or discounted cash ﬂows using a discount rate commensurate with the risk. Significant unproved properties are
assessed for impairment individually, and valuation allowances against the capitalized costs are recorded based on the estimated
72