D. Summary of Acreage Terms
UNITED STATES
Oil and gas exploration and production rights are acquired from mineral interest owners through a lease. Mineral interest owners
include the Federal and State governments, as well as private mineral interest owners. Leases typically have an exploration period
ranging from one to ten years, and a production period that normally remains in effect until production ceases. Under certain
circumstances, a lease may be held beyond its exploration term even if production has not commenced. In some instances
regarding private property, a “fee interest” is acquired where the underlying mineral interests are owned outright.
CANADA / SOUTH AMERICA
Canada
Exploration licenses or leases in onshore areas are acquired for varying periods of time with renewals or extensions possible.
These licenses or leases entitle the holder to continue existing licenses or leases upon completing speciﬁed work. In general, these
license and lease agreements are held as long as there is proven production capability on the licenses and leases. Exploration
licenses in offshore eastern Canada and the Beaufort Sea are held by work commitments of various amounts and rentals. They are
valid for a maximum term of nine years. Production licenses in the offshore are valid for 25 years, with rights of extension for
continued production. Significant discovery licenses in the offshore, relating to currently undeveloped discoveries, do not have a
definite term.
Argentina
The Federal Hydrocarbon Law was amended in December 2014. The onshore concession terms granted prior to the amendment
are up to six years, divided into three potential exploration periods, with an optional extension for up to one year depending on
the classification of the area. Pursuant to the amended law, the production term for a conventional production concession would
be 25 years, and 35 years for an unconventional concession, with unlimited ten-year extensions possible, once a field has been
developed.
EUROPE
Germany
Exploration concessions are granted for an initial maximum period of five years, with an unlimited number of extensions of up to
three years each. Extensions are subject to specific, minimum work commitments. Production licenses are normally granted for
20 to 25 years with multiple possible extensions as long as there is production on the license.
Netherlands
Under the Mining Law, effective January 1, 2003, exploration and production licenses for both onshore and offshore areas are
issued for a period as explicitly defined in the license. The term is based on the period of time necessary to perform the activities
for which the license is issued. License conditions are stipulated in the license and are based on the Mining Law.
Production rights granted prior to January 1, 2003, remain subject to their existing terms, and differ slightly for onshore and
offshore areas. Onshore production licenses issued prior to 1988 were indefinite; from 1988 they were issued for a period as
explicitly defined in the license, ranging from 35 to 45 years. Offshore production licenses issued before 1976 were issued for a
fixed period of 40 years; from 1976 they were again issued for a period as explicitly defined in the license, ranging from 15 to
40 years.
Norway
Licenses issued prior to 1972 were for an initial period of six years and an extension period of 40 years, with relinquishment of at
least one-fourth of the original area required at the end of the sixth year and another one-fourth at the end of the ninth year.
Licenses issued between 1972 and 1997 were for an initial period of up to six years (with extension of the initial period of one
year at a time up to ten years after 1985), and an extension period of up to 30 years, with relinquishment of at least one-half of the
original area required at the end of the initial period. Licenses issued after July 1, 1997, have an initial period of up to ten years
and a normal extension period of up to 30 years or in special cases of up to 50 years, and with relinquishment of at least one-half
of the original area required at the end of the initial period.
19