MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
America is expected to increase over the next several years based on current investment plans, contributing over a third of total
production. Further, the proportion of our global production from resource types utilizing specialized technologies such as arctic,
deepwater, unconventional drilling and production systems and LNG, is a slight majority of production and is expected to grow
over the next few years. We do not anticipate that the expected change in the geographic mix of production volumes, and in the
types of opportunities from which volumes will be produced, will have a material impact on the nature and the extent of the risks
disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, or result in a material change in our level of unit operating expenses.
The Corporation anticipates several projects will come online over the next few years providing additional production capacity.
However, actual volumes will vary from year to year due to the timing of individual project start-ups; operational outages;
reservoir performance; performance of enhanced oil recovery projects; regulatory changes; the impact of fiscal and commercial
terms; asset sales; weather events; price effects on production sharing contracts; changes in the amount and timing of capital
investments that may vary depending on the oil and gas price environment; and other factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors.
The upstream industry environment has been challenged in recent years with abundant crude oil supply causing crude oil prices to
decrease to levels not seen since 2004, and natural gas prices declined with increased supply. However, current market conditions
are not necessarily indicative of future conditions. The markets for crude oil and natural gas have a history of significant price
volatility. ExxonMobil believes prices over the long term will continue to be driven by market supply and demand, with the
demand side largely being a function of global economic growth. On the supply side, prices may be significantly impacted by
political events, the actions of OPEC and other large government resource owners, and other factors. To manage the risks
associated with price, ExxonMobil evaluates annual plans and major investments across a range of price scenarios.
Downstream
ExxonMobil’s Downstream is a large, diversified business with refining, logistics, and marketing complexes around the world.
The Corporation has a presence in mature markets in North America and Europe, as well as in the growing Asia Pacific region.
ExxonMobil’s fundamental Downstream business strategies competitively position the company across a range of market
conditions. These strategies include targeting best-in-class operations in all aspects of the business, maximizing value from
advanced technologies, capitalizing on integration across ExxonMobil businesses, selectively investing for resilient, advantaged
returns, operating efficiently and effectively, and providing quality, valued and differentiated products and services to customers.
ExxonMobil’s operating results, as noted in Item 2. Properties, reﬂect 22 refineries, located in 14 countries, with distillation
capacity of 4.9 million barrels per day and lubricant basestock manufacturing capacity of 126 thousand barrels per day.
ExxonMobil’s fuels and lubes marketing businesses have significant global reach, with multiple channels to market serving a
diverse customer base. Our portfolio of world-renowned brands includes Exxon, Mobil, E330 and Mobil 1.
While demand remained strong in 2016, margins weakened as surplus distillate and gasoline production capacity created high
inventories. North American refineries which benefited from cost-competitive feedstock and energy supplies saw lower margins
as the differential between Brent and WTI narrowed after the elimination of the US. crude export ban. Margins in Europe and
Asia weakened versus 2015, but reductions in supply and rising Asia demand kept those markets above bottom-of—cycle
conditions seen in 2014. In the near term, we see variability in refining margins, with some regions seeing weaker margins as new
capacity additions are expected to outpace growth in global demand for our products, which can also be affected by global
economic conditions and regulatory changes.
Refining margins are largely driven by differences in commodity prices and are a function of the difference between what a
reﬁnery pays for its raw materials (primarily crude oil) and the market prices for the range of products produced (primarily
gasoline, heating oil, diesel oil, jet fuel and fuel oil). Crude oil and many products are widely traded with published prices,
including those quoted on multiple exchanges around the world (e. g., New York Mercantile Exchange and Intercontinental
Exchange). Prices for these commodities are determined by the global marketplace and are inﬂuenced by many factors, including
global and regional supply/demand balances, inventory levels, industry refinery operations, import/export balances, currency
ﬂuctuations, seasonal demand, weather and political climate.
ExxonMobil’s long-term outlook is that industry refining margins will remain subject to intense competition as new capacity
additions outpace the growth in global demand. ExxonMobil’s integration across the value chain, from refining to marketing,
enhances overall value in both fuels and lubricants businesses.
As described in more detail in Item 1A. Risk Factors, proposed carbon policy and other climate-related regulations in many
countries, as well as the continued growth in biofuels mandates, could have negative impacts on the Downstream business.
In the retail fuels marketing business, product cost volatility has contributed to a decline in margins. In 2016, ExxonMobil
expanded its branded retail site network and progressed the multi—year transition of the direct served (i.e., dealer,
company-operated) retail network in portions of Europe and Canada to a more capital-efficient Branded Wholesaler model. The
company’s lubricants business continues to grow, leveraging world-class brands and integration with industry—leading basestock
43