United Kingdom
Acreage terms are fixed by the government and are periodically changed. For example, many of the early licenses issued under
the first four licensing rounds provided for an initial term of six years with relinquishment of at least one-half of the original area
at the end of the initial term, subject to extension for a further 40 years. At the end of any such 40-year term, licenses may
continue in producing areas until cessation of production; or licenses may continue in development areas for periods agreed on a
case-by-case basis until they become producing areas; or licenses terminate in all other areas. The licensing regime was last
updated in 2002, and the majority of licenses issued have an initial term of four years with a second term extension of four years
and a final term of 18 years with a mandatory relinquishment of 50 percent of the acreage after the initial term and of all acreage
that is not covered by a development plan at the end of the second term.
AFRICA
Angola
Exploration and production activities are governed by production sharing agreements with an initial exploration term of four
years and an optional second phase of two to three years. The production period is for 25 years, and agreements generally provide
for a negotiated extension.
Chad
Exploration permits are issued for a period of five years, and are renewable for one or two further five-year periods. The terms
and conditions of the permits, including relinquishment obligations, are specified in a negotiated convention. The production term
is for 30 years and may be extended up to 50 years at the discretion of the government.
Equatorial Guinea
Exploration, development and production activities are governed by production sharing contracts (PSCs) negotiated with the State
Ministry of Mines and Hydrocarbons. A new PSC was signed in 2015; the initial exploration period is five years for oil and gas,
with multi—year extensions available at the discretion of the Ministry and limited relinquishments in the absence of commercial
discoveries. The production period for crude oil ranges from 25 to 30 years, while the production period for natural gas ranges
from 25 to 50 years.
Nigeria
Exploration and production activities in the deepwater offshore areas are typically governed by production sharing contracts
(PSCs) with the national oil company, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). NNPC typically holds the
underlying Oil Prospecting License (OPL) and any resulting Oil Mining Lease (OML). The terms of the PSCs are generally 30
years, including a ten-year exploration period (an initial exploration phase that can be divided into multiple optional periods)
covered by an OPL. Upon commercial discovery, an OPL may be converted to an OML. Partial relinquishment is required under
the PSC at the end of the ten-year exploration period, and OMLs have a 20-year production period that may be extended.
Some exploration activities are carried out in deepwater by joint ventures with local companies holding interests in an OPL. OPLs
in deepwater offshore areas are valid for ten years, while in all other areas the licenses are for five years. Demonstrating a
commercial discovery is the basis for conversion of an OPL to an OML.
OMLs granted prior to the 1969 Petroleum Act (i.e., under the Mineral Oils Act 1914, repealed by the 1969 Petroleum Act) were
for 30 years onshore and 40 years in offshore areas and have been renewed, effective December 1, 2008, for a further period of
20 years, with a further renewal option of 20 years. Operations under these pre—1969 OMLs are conducted under a joint venture
agreement with NNPC rather than a PSC. Commercial terms applicable to the existing joint venture oil production are defined by
the Petroleum Profits Tax Act.
OMLs granted under the 1969 Petroleum Act, which include all deepwater OMLs, have a maximum term of 20 years without
distinction for onshore or offshore location and are renewable, upon 12 months’ written notice, for another period of 20 years.
OMLs not held by NNPC are also subject to a mandatory 5 0-percent relinquishment after the first ten years of their duration.
20