NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The accompanying consolidated financial statements and the supporting and supplemental material are the responsibility of the
management of Exxon Mobil Corporation.
The Corporation’s principal business is energy, involving the worldwide exploration, production, transportation and sale of crude
oil and natural gas (Upstream) and the manufacture, transportation and sale of petroleum products (Downstream). The
Corporation is also a major worldwide manufacturer and marketer of petrochemicals (Chemical).
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) requires
management to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Prior years’ data has been reclassified in certain
cases to conform to the 2016 presentation basis.
1. Summary of Accounting Policies
Principles of Consolidation
The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of subsidiaries the Corporation controls. They also include the
Corporation’s share of the undivided interest in certain upstream assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.
Amounts representing the Corporation’s interest in entities that it does not control, but over which it exercises significant
inﬂuence, are included in “Investments, advances and long-term receivables”. The Corporation’s share of the net income of these
companies is included in the Consolidated Statement of Income caption “Income from equity affiliates”.
Majority ownership is normally the indicator of control that is the basis on which subsidiaries are consolidated. However, certain
factors may indicate that a majority-owned investment is not controlled and therefore should be accounted for using the equity
method of accounting. These factors occur where the minority shareholders are granted by law or by contract substantive
participating rights. These include the right to approve operating policies, expense budgets, financing and investment plans, and
management compensation and succession plans.
Evidence of loss in value that might indicate impairment of investments in companies accounted for on the equity method is
assessed to determine if such evidence represents a loss in value of the Corporation’s investment that is other than temporary.
Examples of key indicators include a history of operating losses, negative earnings and cash ﬂow outlook, significant downward
revisions to oil and gas reserves, and the financial condition and prospects for the investee’s business segment or geographic
region. If evidence of an other than temporary loss in fair value below carrying amount is determined, an impairment is
recognized. In the absence of market prices for the investment, discounted cash ﬂows are used to assess fair value.
The Corporation’s share of the cumulative foreign exchange translation adjustment for equity method investments is reported in
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.
Revenue Recognition
The Corporation generally sells crude oil, natural gas and petroleum and chemical products under short-term agreements at
prevailing market prices. In some cases (e. g., natural gas), products may be sold under long-term agreements, with periodic price
adjustments. Revenues are recognized when the products are delivered, which occurs when the customer has taken title and has
assumed the risks and rewards of ownership, prices are fixed or determinable and collectibility is reasonably assured.
Revenues from the production of natural gas properties in which the Corporation has an interest with other producers are
recognized on the basis of the Corporation’s net working interest. Differences between actual production and net working interest
volumes are not significant.
Purchases and sales of inventory with the same counterparty that are entered into in contemplation of one another are combined
and recorded as exchanges measured at the book value of the item sold.
Sales-Based Taxes
The Corporation reports sales, excise and value-added taxes on sales transactions on a gross basis in the Consolidated Statement
of Income (included in both revenues and costs).
Derivative Instruments
The Corporation makes limited use of derivative instruments. The Corporation does not engage in speculative derivative activities
or derivative trading activities, nor does it use derivatives with leveraged features. When the Corporation does enter into
derivative transactions, it is to offset exposures associated with interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and hydrocarbon
prices that arise from existing assets, liabilities and forecasted transactions.
70