MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
OVERVIEW
The following discussion and analysis of ExxonMobil’s financial results, as well as the accompanying financial statements and
related notes to consolidated financial statements to which they refer, are the responsibility of the management of Exxon Mobil
Corporation. The Corporation’s accounting and financial reporting fairly reﬂect its straightforward business model involving the
extracting, manufacturing and marketing of hydrocarbons and hydrocarbon-based products. The Corporation’s business model
involves the production (or purchase), manufacture and sale of physical products, and all commercial activities are directly in
support of the underlying physical movement of goods.
ExxonMobil, with its resource base, financial strength, disciplined investment approach and technology portfolio, is
well-positioned to participate in substantial investments to develop new energy supplies. The company’s integrated business
model, with significant investments in Upstream, Downstream and Chemical segments, reduces the Corporation’s risk from
changes in commodity prices. While commodity prices are volatile on a short-term basis and depend on supply and demand,
ExxonMobil’s investment decisions are based on our long-term business outlook, using a disciplined approach in selecting and
pursuing the most attractive investment opportunities. The corporate plan is a fundamental annual management process that is the
basis for setting near-term operating and capital objectives in addition to providing the longer—term economic assumptions used
for investment evaluation purposes. Volumes are based on individual field production profiles, which are also updated annually.
Price ranges for crude oil, natural gas, refined products, and chemical products are based on corporate plan assumptions
developed annually by major region and are utilized for investment evaluation purposes. Major investment opportunities are
evaluated over a range of economic scenarios. Once major investments are made, a reappraisal process is completed to ensure
relevant lessons are learned and improvements are incorporated into future projects.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND RISK ASSESSMENT
Long-Term Business Outlook
By 2040, the world’s population is projected to grow to approximately 9 billion people, or about 1.8 billion more than in 2015.
Coincident with this population increase, the Corporation expects worldwide economic growth to average close to 3 percent per
year. As economies and populations grow, and as living standards improve for billions of people, the need for energy will
continue to rise. Even with significant efficiency gains, global energy demand is projected to rise by about 25 percent from 2015
to 2040. This demand increase is expected to be concentrated in developing countries (i.e., those that are not member nations of
the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development).
As expanding prosperity drives global energy demand higher, increasing use of energy-efficient technologies and practices as
well as lower-emission fuels will continue to help significantly reduce energy consumption and emissions per unit of economic
output over time. Substantial efficiency gains are likely in all key aspects of the world’s economy through 2040, affecting energy
requirements for transportation, power generation, industrial applications, and residential and commercial needs.
Energy for transportation — including cars, trucks, ships, trains and airplanes — is expected to increase by about 25 percent from
2015 to 2040. The growth in transportation energy demand is likely to account for approximately 60 percent of the growth in
liquid fuels demand worldwide over this period. Nearly all the world’s transportation ﬂeets will continue to run on liquid fuels,
which are abundant, widely available, easy to transport, and provide a large quantity of energy in small volumes.
Demand for electricity around the world is likely to increase approximately 60 percent from 2015 to 2040, led by a doubling of
demand in developing countries. Consistent with this projection, power generation is expected to remain the largest and
fastest—growing major segment of global energy demand. Meeting the expected growth in power demand will require a diverse set
of energy sources. The share of coal-fired generation is likely to decline to less than 30 percent of the world’s electricity in 2040,
versus about 40 percent in 2015, in part as a result of policies to improve air quality as well as reduce greenhouse gas emissions to
address the risks of climate change. From 2015 to 2040, the amount of electricity generated using natural gas, nuclear power, and
renewables is likely to approximately double, and account for 90 percent of the growth in electricity supplies. By 2040, coal,
natural gas and renewables are projected to each be generating in the range of 25-30 percent of electricity worldwide, although
significant differences will exist across regions reﬂecting a wide range of factors including the cost and availability of energy
types.
Liquid fuels provide the largest share of global energy supplies today reﬂecting broad-based availability, affordability, ease of
distribution, and fitness as a practical solution to meet a wide variety of needs. By 2040, global demand for liquid fuels is
projected to grow to approximately 112 million barrels of oil-equivalent per day, an increase of about 20 percent from 2015.
Much of this demand today is met by crude production from traditional conventional sources; these supplies will remain
important as significant development activity is expected to offset much of the natural declines from these fields. At the same
time, a variety of emerging supply sources — including tight oil, deepwater, oil sands, natural gas liquids and biofuels — are
expected to grow significantly to meet rising demand. The world’s resource base is sufficient to meet projected demand through
41