MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
average of first-of-month oil and natural gas prices and / or costs that are used in the estimation of reserves. Revisions can also
result from significant changes in development strategy or production equipment and facility capacity.
As a result of very low prices during 2016, under the SEC definition of proved reserves, certain quantities of oil and natural gas
that qualified as proved reserves in prior years did not qualify as proved reserves at year-end 2016. Amounts no longer qualifying
as proved reserves include the entire 3.5 billion barrels of bitumen at Kearl, in Canada. In addition, 0.8 billion barrels of oil
equivalent across the remainder of North America no longer qualify as proved reserves mainly due to the acceleration of the
projected end-of-field-life. Among the factors that would result in these amounts being recognized again as proved reserves at
some point in the future are a recovery in average price levels, a further decline in costs, and / or operating efficiencies. Under the
terms of certain contractual arrangements or government royalty regimes, lower prices can also increase proved reserves
attributable to ExxonMobil. We do not expect the downward revision of reported proved reserves under SEC definitions to affect
the operation of the underlying projects or to alter our outlook for future production volumes.
Supplemental information regarding oil and natural gas results of operations, capitalized costs and reserves is provided following
the notes to consolidated financial statements.
Unit-of-Production Depreciation
Oil and natural gas reserve quantities are used as the basis to calculate unit-of-production depreciation rates for most upstream
assets. Depreciation is calculated by taking the ratio of asset cost to total proved reserves or proved developed reserves applied to
actual production. The volumes produced and asset cost are known, while proved reserves are based on estimates that are subject
to some variability.
In the event that the unit-of-production method does not result in an equitable allocation of cost over the economic life of an
upstream asset, an alternative method is used. The straight-line method is used in limited situations where the expected life of the
asset does not reasonably correlate with that of the underlying reserves. For example, certain assets used in the production of oil
and natural gas have a shorter life than the reserves, and as such, the Corporation uses straight-line depreciation to ensure the
asset is fully depreciated by the end of its useful life.
To the extent that proved reserves for a property are entirely de—booked and that property continues to produce, assets will be
depreciated using a unit-of-production method based on reserves determined at the most recent SEC price which results in a
quantity of proved reserves greater than zero, appropriately adjusted for production and technical changes. The effect of this
approach on the Corporation’s 2017 depreciation expense versus 2016 is anticipated to be immaterial.
Impairment
The Corporation tests assets or groups of assets for recoverability whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying
amounts may not be recoverable. Among the events or changes in circumstances which could indicate that the carrying value of
an asset or asset group may not be recoverable are the following:
o a significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset;
o a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is being used or in its physical condition including a
significant decrease in current and projected reserve volumes;
0 a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value, including an adverse
action or assessment by a regulator;
0 an accumulation of project costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected;
0 a current-period operating loss combined with a history and forecast of operating or cash ﬂow losses; and
o a current expectation that, more likely than not, a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before
the end of its previously estimated useful life.
The Corporation performs asset valuation analyses on an ongoing basis as a part of its asset management program. These analyses
and other profitability reviews assist the Corporation in assessing whether the carrying amounts of any of its assets may not be
recoverable.
In general, the Corporation does not view temporarily low prices or margins as an indication of impairment. Management does
not believe that lower prices are sustainable if energy is to be delivered with supply security to meet global demand over the long
term. Although prices will occasionally drop significantly, industry prices over the long term will continue to be driven by market
supply and demand. On the supply side, industry production from mature fields is declining, but this is being offset by production
from new discoveries and field developments. OPEC production policies also have an impact on world oil supplies. The demand
side is largely a function of global economic growth. Because the lifespans of the vast majority of the Corporation’s major assets
are measured in decades, the value of these assets is predominantly based on long-term views of future commodity prices and
58