MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Inventories
Crude oil, products and merchandise inventories are carried at the lower of current market value or cost (generally determined
under the last-in, first-out method — LIFO).
Asset Retirement Obligations
The Corporation incurs retirement obligations for certain assets. The fair values of these obligations are recorded as liabilities on
a discounted basis, which is typically at the time the assets are installed. In the estimation of fair value, the Corporation uses
assumptions and judgments regarding such factors as the existence of a legal obligation for an asset retirement obligation;
technical assessments of the assets; estimated amounts and timing of settlements; discount rates; and inﬂation rates. Asset
retirement obligations are disclosed in Note 9 to the financial statements.
Suspended Exploratory Well Costs
The Corporation continues capitalization of exploratory well costs when the well has found a sufficient quantity of reserves to
justify its completion as a producing well and the Corporation is making sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the
economic and operating viability of the project. Exploratory well costs not meeting these criteria are charged to expense. The
facts and circumstances that support continued capitalization of suspended wells at year-end are disclosed in Note 10 to the
financial statements.
Consolidations
The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of those subsidiaries that the Corporation controls. They also include
the Corporation’s share of the undivided interest in certain Upstream assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Amounts
representing the Corporation’s interest in the underlying net assets of other significant entities that it does not control, but over
which it exercises significant inﬂuence, are accounted for using the equity method of accounting.
Investments in companies that are partially owned by the Corporation are integral to the Corporation’s operations. In some cases
they serve to balance worldwide risks, and in others they provide the only available means of entry into a particular market or
area of interest. The other parties, who also have an equity interest in these companies, are either independent third parties or host
governments that share in the business results according to their ownership. The Corporation does not invest in these companies
in order to remove liabilities from its balance sheet. In fact, the Corporation has long been on record supporting an alternative
accounting method that would require each investor to consolidate its share of all assets and liabilities in these partially-owned
companies rather than only its interest in net equity. This method of accounting for investments in partially-owned companies is
not permitted by US. GAAP except where the investments are in the direct ownership of a share of upstream assets and
liabilities. However, for purposes of calculating return on average capital employed, which is not covered by US. GAAP
standards, the Corporation includes its share of debt of these partially-owned companies in the determination of average capital
employed.
Pension Beneﬁts
The Corporation and its affiliates sponsor nearly 100 defined benefit (pension) plans in over 40 countries. The Pension and Other
Postretirement Benefits footnote (Note 17) provides details on pension obligations, fund assets and pension expense.
Some of these plans (primarily non-US.) provide pension benefits that are paid directly by their sponsoring affiliates out of
corporate cash ﬂow rather than a separate pension fund because applicable tax rules and regulatory practices do not encourage
advance funding. Book reserves are established for these plans. The portion of the pension cost attributable to employee service is
expensed as services are rendered. The portion attributable to the increase in pension obligations due to the passage of time is
expensed over the term of the obligations, which ends when all benefits are paid. The primary difference in pension expense for
unfunded versus funded plans is that pension expense for funded plans also includes a credit for the expected long-term return on
fund assets.
For funded plans, including those in the US, pension obligations are financed in advance through segregated assets or insurance
arrangements. These plans are managed in compliance with the requirements of governmental authorities and meet or exceed
required funding levels as measured by relevant actuarial and government standards at the mandated measurement dates. In
determining liabilities and required contributions, these standards often require approaches and assumptions that differ from those
used for accounting purposes.
60