MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
2040 as technology advances continue to expand the availability of economic supply options. However, access to resources and
timely investments will remain critical to meeting global needs with reliable, affordable supplies.
Natural gas is a versatile fuel, suitable for a wide variety of applications, and it is expected to be the fastest—growing major fuel
source from 2015 to 2040, meeting about 40 percent of global energy demand growth. Global natural gas demand is expected to
rise about 45 percent from 2015 to 2040, with about 45 percent of that increase in the Asia Pacific region. Helping meet these
needs will be significant growth in supplies of unconventional gas - the natural gas found in shale and other rock formations that
was once considered uneconomic to produce. In total, about 60 percent of the growth in natural gas supplies is expected to be
from unconventional sources. At the same time, conventionally-produced natural gas is likely to remain the cornerstone of
supply, meeting about two-thirds of global demand in 2040. Worldwide liquefied natural gas (LNG) trade will expand
significantly, likely reaching more than 2.5 times the level of 2015 by 2040, with much of this supply expected to meet rising
demand in Asia Pacific.
The world’s energy mix is highly diverse and will remain so through 2040. Oil is expected to remain the largest source of energy
with its share remaining close to one-third in 2040. Coal is currently the second largest source of energy, but it is likely to lose
that position to natural gas in the 2025-2030 timeframe. The share of natural gas is expected to reach 25 percent by 2040, while
the share of coal falls to about 20 percent. Nuclear power is projected to grow significantly, as many nations are likely to expand
nuclear capacity to address rising electricity needs as well as energy security and environmental issues. Total renewable energy is
likely to reach about 15 percent of total energy by 2040, with biomass, hydro and geothermal contributing a combined share of
more than 10 percent. Total energy supplied from wind, solar and biofuels is expected to increase rapidly, growing over
200 percent from 2015 to 2040, when they will be about 4 percent of world energy.
The Corporation anticipates that the world’s available oil and gas resource base will grow not only from new discoveries, but also
from reserve increases in previously discovered fields. Technology will underpin these increases. The cost to develop and supply
these resources will be significant. According to the International Energy Agency, the investment required to meet oil and natural
gas supply requirements worldwide over the period 2016-2040 will be about $23 trillion (measured in 2015 dollars) or
approximately $900 billion per year on average.
International accords and underlying regional and national regulations covering greenhouse gas emissions continue to evolve with
uncertain timing and outcome, making it difficult to predict their business impact. For many years, the Corporation has taken into
account policies established to reduce energy-related greenhouse gas emissions in its long-term Outlook for Energy, which is used
as a foundation for assessing the business environment and business strategies and investments. The climate accord reached at the
recent Conference of the Parties (COP 21) in Paris set many new goals, and many related policies are still emerging. Our Outlook
reﬂects increasingly stringent climate policies and is consistent with the aggregation of Nationally Determined Contributions
which were submitted by signatories to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCC) 2015 Paris
Agreement. Our Outlook seeks to identify potential impacts of climate related policies, which often target specific sectors, by
using various assumptions and tools including application of a proxy cost of carbon to estimate potential impacts on consumer
demands. For purposes of the Outlook, a proxy cost on energy-related C02 emissions is assumed to reach about $80 per tonne on
average in 2040 in OECD nations. China and other leading non-OECD nations are expected to trail OECD policy initiatives.
Nevertheless, as people and nations look for ways to reduce risks of global climate change, they will continue to need practical
solutions that do not jeopardize the affordability or reliability of the energy they need. Thus, all practical and economically viable
energy sources, both conventional and unconventional, will need to be pursued to continue meeting global energy demand,
recognizing the scale and variety of worldwide energy needs as well as the importance of expanding access to modern energy to
promote better standards of living for billions of people.
The information provided in the Long-Term Business Outlook includes ExxonMobil’s internal estimates and forecasts based
upon internal data and analyses as well as publicly available information from external sources including the International Energy
Agency.
Upstream
ExxonMobil continues to maintain a diverse portfolio of exploration and development opportunities, which enables the
Corporation to be selective, maximizing shareholder value and mitigating political and technical risks. ExxonMobil’s
fundamental Upstream business strategies guide our global exploration, development, production, and gas and power marketing
activities. These strategies include capturing material and accretive opportunities to continually high-grade the resource portfolio,
selectively developing attractive oil and natural gas resources, developing and applying high-impact technologies, and pursuing
productivity and efficiency gains. These strategies are underpinned by a relentless focus on operational excellence, development
of our employees, and investment in the communities within which we operate.
As future development projects and drilling activities bring new production online, the Corporation expects a shift in the
geographic mix and in the type of opportunities from which volumes are produced. Oil equivalent production from North
42