The Global Reserves group maintains a central database containing the official company reserves estimates. Appropriate controls,
including limitations on database access and update capabilities, are in place to ensure data integrity within this central database.
An annual review of the system’s controls is performed by internal audit. Key components of the reserves estimation process
include technical evaluations and analysis of well and field performance and a rigorous peer review. No changes may be made to
the reserves estimates in the central database, including additions of any new initial reserves estimates or subsequent revisions,
unless these changes have been thoroughly reviewed and evaluated by duly authorized personnel within the operating
organization. In addition, changes to reserves estimates that exceed certain thresholds require further review and approval of the
appropriate level of management within the operating organization before the changes may be made in the central database.
Endorsement by the Global Reserves group for all proved reserves changes is a mandatory component of this review process.
After all changes are made, reviews are held with senior management for final endorsement.
2. Proved Undeveloped Reserves
At year-end 2016, approximately 6.2 billion oil-equivalent barrels (GOEB) of ExxonMobil’s proved reserves were classified as
proved undeveloped. This represents 31 percent of the 20 GOEB reported in proved reserves. This compares to the 6.8 GOEB of
proved undeveloped reserves reported at the end of 2015. During the year, ExxonMobil conducted development activities in over
100 fields that resulted in the transfer of approximately 1 GOEB from proved undeveloped to proved developed reserves by
year-end. The largest transfers were related to the Gorgon LNG project start-up and drilling activity at Upper Zakum, Tengiz and
in the United States. During 2016, extensions, primarily in the United States, resulted in an addition of approximately 0.4 GOEB
of proved undeveloped reserves.
Overall, investments of $10.1 billion were made by the Corporation during 2016 to progress the development of reported proved
undeveloped reserves, including $9.3 billion for oil and gas producing activities and an additional $0.8 billion for other non-oil
and gas producing activities such as the construction of support infrastructure and other related facilities. These investments
represented 70 percent of the $14.5 billion in total reported Upstream capital and exploration expenditures. Investments made by
the Corporation to develop quantities which no longer meet the SEC deﬁnition of proved reserves due to 2016 average prices are
included in the $14.5 billion of Upstream capital expenditures reported above but are excluded from amounts related to
progressing the development of proved undeveloped reserves.
One of ExxonMobil’s requirements for reporting proved reserves is that management has made significant funding commitments
toward the development of the reserves. ExxonMobil has a disciplined investment strategy and many major fields require long
lead-time in order to be developed. Development projects typically take several years from the time of recording proved
undeveloped reserves to the start of production. However, the development time for large and complex projects can exceed five
years. Proved undeveloped reserves in Australia, the United States, Kazakhstan, the Netherlands, Qatar, and Nigeria have
remained undeveloped for five years or more primarily due to constraints on the capacity of infrastructure, the pace of
co-venturer/ government funding, as well as the time required to complete development for very large projects. The Corporation is
reasonably certain that these proved reserves will be produced; however, the timing and amount recovered can be affected by a
number of factors including completion of development projects, reservoir performance, regulatory approvals, and significant
changes in long-term oil and natural gas price levels. Of the proved undeveloped reserves that have been reported for five or more
years, over 80 percent are contained in the aforementioned countries. The largest of these is related to LNG/Gas projects in
Australia, where construction of the Gorgon LNG project is in the final phases. In Kazakhstan, the proved undeveloped reserves
are related to the remainder of the initial development of the offshore Kashagan field which is included in the North Caspian
Production Sharing Agreement and the Tengizchevroil joint venture which includes a production license in the Tengiz — Korolev
field complex. The Tengizchevroil joint venture is producing, and proved undeveloped reserves will continue to move to proved
developed as approved development phases progress. In the Netherlands, the Groningen gas field has proved undeveloped
reserves related to installation of future stages of compression. These reserves will move to proved developed when the additional
stages of compression are installed to maintain field delivery pressure.
7