MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Upstream Additional Information
2016 2015
(thousands of barrels daily)
Volumes Reconciliation (Oil-equivalent production) (1)
Prior year 4,097 3,969
Entitlements - Net Interest 9 (l4)
Entitlements - Price / Spend / Other (23) 168
Quotas - -
Divestments (34) (25)
United Arab Emirates Onshore Concession Expiry - (6)
Growth / Other 4 5
Current Year : 4,053 4,097 :
(1) Gas converted to oil-equivalent at 6 million cubic feet = 1 thousand barrels.
Listed below are descriptions of ExxonMobil’s volumes reconciliation factors which are provided to facilitate understanding of
the terms.
Entitlements - Net Interest are changes to ExxonMobil’s share of production volumes caused by non-operational changes to
volume-determining factors. These factors consist of net interest changes specified in Production Sharing Contracts (PSCs) which
typically occur when cumulative investment returns or production volumes achieve defined thresholds, changes in equity upon
achieving pay-out in partner investment carry situations, equity redeterminations as specified in venture agreements, or as a result
of the termination or expiry of a concession. Once a net interest change has occurred, it typically will not be reversed by
subsequent events, such as lower crude oil prices.
Entitlements - Price, Spend and Other are changes to ExxonMobil’s share of production volumes resulting from temporary
changes to non-operational volume-determining factors. These factors include changes in oil and gas prices or spending levels
from one period to another. According to the terms of contractual arrangements or government royalty regimes, price or spending
variability can increase or decrease royalty burdens and/or volumes attributable to ExxonMobil. For example, at higher prices,
fewer barrels are required for ExxonMobil to recover its costs. These effects generally vary from period to period with field
spending patterns or market prices for oil and natural gas. Such factors can also include other temporary changes in net interest as
dictated by specific provisions in production agreements.
Quotas are changes in ExxonMobil’s allowable production arising from production constraints imposed by countries which are
members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC). Volumes reported in this category would have been
readily producible in the absence of the quota.
Divestments are reductions in ExxonMobil’s production arising from commercial arrangements to fully or partially reduce equity
in a field or asset in exchange for financial or other economic consideration.
Growth and Other factors comprise all other operational and non-operational factors not covered by the above definitions that
may affect volumes attributable to ExxonMobil. Such factors include, but are not limited to, production enhancements from
project and work program activities, acquisitions including additions from asset exchanges, downtime, market demand, natural
field decline, and any fiscal or commercial terms that do not affect entitlements.
46