ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Management’s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
As indicated in the certifications in Exhibit 31 of this report, the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial
Officer and Principal Accounting Officer have evaluated the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures as of
December 31, 2016. Based on that evaluation, these officers have concluded that the Corporation’s disclosure controls and
procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Corporation in the reports that it files or
submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is accumulated and communicated to them in a manner that
allows for timely decisions regarding required disclosures and are effective in ensuring that such information is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and
forms.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management, including the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer,
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Corporation’s financial reporting. Management
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Based on this evaluation, management concluded that Exxon Mobil Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting was
effective as of December 31, 2016.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, audited the effectiveness of the Corporation’s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, as stated in their report included in the Financial Section of this
report.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There were no changes during the Corporation’s last fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
None.
PART III
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Incorporated by reference to the following from the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the 2017 annual meeting of
shareholders (the “2017 Proxy Statement”):
0 The section entitled “Election of Directors”;
0 The portion entitled “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” of the section entitled “Director and
Executive Officer Stock Ownership”;
0 The portions entitled “Director Qualifications” and “Code of Ethics and Business Conduct” of the section entitled
“Corporate Governance”; and
o The “Audit Committee” portion and the membership table of the portion entitled “Board Meetings and Committees;
Annual Meeting Attendance” of the section entitled “Corporate Governance”.
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Incorporated by reference to the sections entitled “Director Compensation”, “Compensation Committee Report”, “Compensation
Discussion and Analysis” and “Executive Compensation Tables” of the registrant’s 2017 Proxy Statement.
32