MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
Environmental Expenditures
2016 2015
(millions of dollars)
Capital expenditures 1,436 1,869
Other expenditures 3,451 3,777
Total : 4,887 5,646:
Throughout ExxonMobil’s businesses, new and ongoing measures are taken to prevent and minimize the impact of our operations
on air, water and ground. These include a significant investment in refining infrastructure and technology to manufacture clean
fuels, as well as projects to monitor and reduce nitrogen oxide, sulfur oxide and greenhouse gas emissions, and expenditures for
asset retirement obligations. Using definitions and guidelines established by the American Petroleum Institute, ExxonMobil’s
2016 worldwide environmental expenditures for all such preventative and remediation steps, including ExxonMobil’s share of
equity company expenditures, were $4.9 billion, of which $3.5 billion were included in expenses with the remainder in capital
expenditures. The total cost for such activities is expected to remain relatively ﬂat at approximately $5 billion in 2017 and 2018.
Capital expenditures are expected to account for approximately 30 percent of the total.
Environmental Liabilities
The Corporation accrues environmental liabilities when it is probable that obligations have been incurred and the amounts can be
reasonably estimated. This policy applies to assets or businesses currently owned or previously disposed. ExxonMobil has
accrued liabilities for probable environmental remediation obligations at various sites, including multiparty sites where the US.
Environmental Protection Agency has identified ExxonMobil as one of the potentially responsible parties. The involvement of
other financially responsible companies at these multiparty sites could mitigate ExxonMobil’s actual joint and several liability
exposure. At present, no individual site is expected to have losses material to ExxonMobil’s operations or financial condition.
Consolidated company provisions made in 2016 for environmental liabilities were $665 million ($371 million in 2015) and the
balance sheet reﬂects accumulated liabilities of $852 million as of December 31, 2016, and $837 million as of December 31,
2015.
MARKET RISKS, INFLATION AND OTHER UNCERTAINTIES
Worldwide Average Realizations (1) 2016 2015 2014
Crude oil and NGL ($ per barrel) 38.15 44.77 87.42
Natural gas ($ per thousand cubic feet) 2.25 2.95 4.68
(1) Consolidated subsidiaries.
Crude oil, natural gas, petroleum product and chemical prices have ﬂuctuated in response to changing market forces. The impacts
of these price ﬂuctuations on earnings from Upstream, Downstream and Chemical operations have varied. In the Upstream, a
$1 per barrel change in the weighted-average realized price of oil would have approximately a $400 million annual after-tax
effect on Upstream consolidated plus equity company earnings. Similarly, a $0.10 per thousand cubic feet change in the
worldwide average gas realization would have approximately a $150 million annual after-tax effect on Upstream consolidated
plus equity company earnings. For any given period, the extent of actual benefit or detriment will be dependent on the price
movements of individual types of crude oil, taxes and other government take impacts, price adjustment lags in long-term gas
contracts, and crude and gas production volumes. Accordingly, changes in benchmark prices for crude oil and natural gas only
provide broad indicators of changes in the earnings experienced in any particular period.
In the very competitive downstream and chemical environments, earnings are primarily determined by margin capture rather than
absolute price levels of products sold. Refining margins are a function of the difference between what a refiner pays for its raw
materials (primarily crude oil) and the market prices for the range of products produced. These prices in turn depend on global
and regional supply/demand balances, inventory levels, refinery operations, import/export balances and weather.
55