MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
refining capability. ExxonMobil remains a market leader in the high-value synthetic lubricants sector, despite increasing
competition.
The Downstream portfolio is continually evaluated during all parts of the business cycle, and numerous asset divestments have
been made over the past decade. In 2016, the company divested its refinery in Torrance, California. When investing in the
Downstream, ExxonMobil remains focused on selective and resilient projects. In 2016, construction continued on a new delayed
coker unit at the refinery in Antwerp, Belgium, to upgrade low-value bunker fuel into higher value diesel products. Construction
also progressed on a proprietary hydrocracker at the refinery in Rotterdam, Netherlands, to produce higher value ultra-low sulfur
diesel and Group II basestocks. The Taicang, China, lubricants plant expansion was completed in April 2016, doubling the
capacity of the facility. The Port Allen Aviation Lubricants Plant in Louisiana achieved full production during the year, and an
expansion in Singapore is underway to support demand growth for finished lubricants in key markets. Finally, ExxonMobil
announced plans to increase production of ultra—low sulfur fuels at the Beaumont, Texas, refinery by approximately 40,000
barrels per day.
Chemical
Worldwide petrochemical demand remained strong in 2016, led by growing demand from Asia Pacific manufacturers of
industrial and consumer products. North America continued to benefit from abundant supplies of natural gas and gas liquids,
providing both low-cost feedstock and energy. Specialty product margins moderated in 2016 with capacity additions exceeding
demand growth.
ExxonMobil sustained its competitive advantage through continued operational excellence, investment and cost discipline, a
balanced portfolio of products, and integration with refining and upstream operations, all underpinned by proprietary technology.
In 2016, we completed startup of the specialty elastomers project at our joint venture facility in Al-Jubail, Saudi Arabia.
Construction continued on a major expansion at our Texas facilities, including a new world-scale ethane cracker and polyethylene
lines, to capitalize on low-cost feedstock and energy supplies in North America and to meet rapidly growing demand for premium
polymers. Construction of new halobutyl rubber and hydrocarbon resin units also progressed in Singapore to further extend our
specialty product capacity in Asia Pacific. The company also announced plans to expand its polyethylene plant in Beaumont,
Texas, and specialty elastomers plant in Newport, Wales.
44