Section 1.03 Incorporation by Reference of T rust Indenture Act.
This Indenture will be subject to the mandatory provisions of the TIA, which unless otherwise indicated are incorporated by reference in and made a
part of this Indenture. Whenever this Indenture refers to a provision of the TIA, the provision is incorporated by reference in and made a part of this Indenture.
The following TIA terms if used in this Indenture have the following meanings:
"indentutesecurities" means the Notes and the Note Guarantees;
“indenture security Holder” means a Holder of a Note;
"indenturejoibegualiﬁed” means this Indenture;
“indenture trustee” or “institutional trustee” means the Trustee; and
“obligg,” on the Notes and the Note Guarantees means the Issuers and the Guarantors, respectively, and any successor obligor upon the Notes and the
Note Guarantees, respectively.
All other terms used in this Indenture that are deﬁned by the TIA, deﬁned by TIA reference to another statute or deﬁned by SEC rule under the TIA
have the meanings so assigned to them.
Section 1.04 Rules of Construction.
Unless the context otherwise requires:
(1) a term has the meaning assigned to it;
(2) an accounting term not otherwise deﬁned has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP;
(3) “or” is not exclusive;
(4) words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the singular;
(5) both “shall” and “will” shall be interpreted to express a command;
(6) provisions apply to successive events and transactions; and
(7) references to sections of, or rules under, the Securities Act or the Exchange Act shall be deemed to include substitute, replacement or successor
sections or rules adopted by the SEC from time to time.
ARTICLE 2
THE NOTES
Section 2.01 Form and Dating.
The Notes and the Trustee’s certiﬁcate of authentication shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. The Notes may have notations,
legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule or usage. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The Notes shall be in
denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $ 1 ,000 in excess thereof.
The terms and provisions contained in the Notes shall constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of this Indenture, and the Issuers, the Guarantors
and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. However, to the
extent any provision of any Note conﬂicts with the express provisions of this Indenture, the provisions of this Indenture shall govern and be controlling.
Notes issued in global form shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (including the Global Note Legend and the “Schedule of
Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note” attached thereto). Notes issued in deﬁnitive form shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A, attached hereto
(but without the Global Note Legend and without the “Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note” attached thereto). Each Global Note shall
represent such aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes as shall be speciﬁed therein and each shall provide that it shall represent the aggregate
principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby
may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reﬂect exchanges and redemptions. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reﬂect the
-19-