ﬁ© GONSOA WW” “W ]
NOTE 1—DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANTACCOUNTING POLICIES
DESCRIPTION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS
As used in this report, the terms "Tesoro," the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” may refer to Tesoro Corporation, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries
or all of them taken as a whole. The words "we," "us" or “our” generally include Tesoro Logistics LP (“TLLP”) and its subsidiaries as consolidated subsidiaries of
Tesoro Corporation with certain exceptions where there are transactions or obligations between TLLP and Tesoro Corporation or its other subsidiaries. When
used in descriptions of agreements and transactions, "TLLP" or the “Partnership” refers to TLLP and its consolidated subsidiaries.
Tesoro was incorporated in Delaware in 1968. Based in San Antonio, Texas, we are one of the largest independent petroleum reﬁning and marketing
companies in the United States. Our subsidiaries, operating through three business segments, primarily transport crude oil and manufacture, transport and sell
transportation fuels. Our reﬁning operating segment (“Reﬁning”), which owns and operates seven reﬁneries in the western United States, reﬁnes crude oil and
other feedstocks into transportation fuels, such as gasoline and gasoline blendstocks, jet fuel and diesel fuel, as well as other products, including heavy fuel oils,
liqueﬁed petroleum gas and petroleum coke for sale in bulk markets to a wide variety of customers within our markets. Our reﬁneries have a combined crude oil
capacity of approximately 895 Mbpd. Our logistics operating segment, which is comprised of TLLP’s assets and operations, includes certain crude oil and natural
gas gathering assets, natural gas and NGLs processing assets, and crude oil and reﬁned products terminalling, transportation and storage assets acquired from
Tesoro and third parties. The TLLP ﬁnancial and operational data presented include the historical results of all assets acquired from Tesoro prior to the dates they
were acquired by TLLP. The historical results of operations of these assets have been retrospectively adjusted to conform to the current presentation. Our
marketing operating segment (“Marketing”) sells transportation fuels in 16 states through a network of 2,492 retail stations under the ARCO®, Shell®, Exxon®,
Mobil®, USA GasolineTM, RebelTM, ThriftyTM and Tesoro® brands. Our unbranded, or wholesale, business includes volumes sold through agreements with third-
party dealers.
Our earnings, cash ﬂows from operations and liquidity depend upon many factors, including producing and selling reﬁned products at margins above ﬁxed
and variable expenses. The prices of crude oil and reﬁned products ﬂuctuate substantially and our ﬁnancial results are signiﬁcantly influenced by the timing of
changes in crude oil costs and how quickly reﬁned product prices adjust to reflect these changes. These price ﬂuctuations depend on numerous factors beyond
our control, including the global supply and demand for crude oil and reﬁned products, which are subject to factors including changes in the global economy,
the level of foreign and domestic production of crude oil and reﬁned products, geo-political conditions, availability of crude oil and reﬁned product imports, the
infrastructure to transport crude oil and reﬁned products, weather conditions, earthquakes and other natural disasters, seasonal variations, government
regulations, threatened or actual terrorist incidents or acts of war, and local factors, including market conditions and the level of operations of other suppliers in
our markets. Margin fluctuations resulting from these factors have a significant impact on our results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and financial position.
PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION
The accompanying consolidated ﬁnancial statements include the accounts of Tesoro and its subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have
been eliminated. We have evaluated subsequent events through the ﬁling of this Form 10-K. Any material subsequent events that occurred during this time have
been properly recognized or disclosed in our financial statements.
Certain reclassiﬁcations have been made to prior period presentations to conform to the current year. In the ﬁrst quarter of 2016, we revised the process
by which we reclassify certain logistics costs, primarily recognized by TLLP, during consolidation from operating expenses and selling, general and administrative
expense to costs of sales. This better reflects the distribution costs related to Tesoro’s sale of reﬁned products during the ordinary course of business. This
change in process did not impact current or prior segment operating results. However, we reclassiﬁed $221 million and $28 million from costs of sales and
recognized $177 million and $24 million in operating expenses and $44 million and $4 million in selling, general and administrative expenses of the condensed
statement of consolidated operations for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, to conform to current period presentation.
Our consolidated ﬁnancial statements include TLLP, a variable interest entity. Tesoro Logistics GP, LLC ("TLGP"), Tesoro’s fully consolidated subsidiary, serves
as TLLP’s general partner. As the general partner of TLLP, we have the sole ability to direct the activities of TLLP that most signiﬁcantly impact its economic
performance. We are also considered to be the primary beneficiary
66 | Tesoro Corporation