ﬁ© GONSOA ]
includes a Fairbanks airport terminal that includes jet fuel storage and a truck rack, as well as a multi-year terminalling agreement at FHR’s North Pole terminal,
which will provide efﬁcient rail ofﬂoad capabilities and provide access to Alaska’s interior. The terminalling and storage assets acquired were sold to TLLP during
the third quarter of 2016.
DAKOTA PRAIRIE REFININGn June 28, 2016, we acquired Dakota Prairie Reﬁning, LLC, which owns a reﬁnery near Dickinson, North Dakota, which we
refer to as our Dickinson Reﬁnery, with strategic access to advantaged Bakken crude oil and is located approximately 100 miles west of the Tesoro Mandan
reﬁnery. This acquired reﬁnery produces ultra-low sulfur diesel, naphtha and atmospheric residuals. Tesoro plans to continue to market the ultra-low sulfur
diesel to local customers and utilize the naphtha and atmospheric residuals in its integrated value chain system.
VIRENT. On September 28, 2016, we acquired Virent, Inc. (“Virent”), an innovative renewable fuels and chemicals company, to support Virent in bringing its
biofuels technology to commercial scale. Virent's BioForming® technology can convert sugars and other biomass derived feedstocks into renewable gasoline
blendstocks and aromatics, which are fully compatible with the nation's existing fuel infrastructure and current vehicle warranties. Virent's aromatics product
can also be used for renewable chemicals, most notably paraxylene, a key component in polyester.
OTHER TRANSACTIONS
WESTERN REFININGm November 16, 2016, Tesoro entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Western Reﬁning, Inc. (“Western Reﬁning”) and
Tesoro’s wholly-owned subsidiaries Tahoe Merger Sub 1, Inc. and Tahoe Merger Sub 2, LLC (the ”Merger”). Under the terms of the agreement, Western Reﬁning’s
shareholders can elect to receive 0.4350 shares of Tesoro for each share of Western Reﬁning stock they own, or $37.30 in cash per share of Western Reﬁning
stock. Elections to receive cash will be subject to proration to the extent they exceed approximately 10.8 million shares (or approximately $404 million in the
aggregate). Stock elections will not be subject to proration. Completion of the Merger is expected in the ﬁrst half of 2017, subject to certain customary mutual
conditions and regulatory approval. See Note 12 for further information about additional financing the Company obtained in 2016 in anticipation of the Merger.
The aggregate proceeds of the debt ﬁnancing, together with the available cash of the Company, will be sufﬁcient for the Company to pay the aggregate cash
consideration, reﬁnance certain indebtedness of Western Reﬁning and its subsidiaries and pay all related fees and expenses payable in connection with the
Merger.
NOTE 3 — TESORO LOGISTICS LP
TLLP is a publicly traded limited partnership that was formed to own, operate, develop and acquire logistics assets. Its assets are integral to the success of
Tesoro’s refining and marketing operations and are used to gather crude oil and natural gas, process natural gas and distribute, transport and store crude oil and
reﬁned products. TLLP provides us with various pipeline transportation, trucking, terminal distribution, storage and petroleum-coke handling services under
long-term, fee-based commercial agreements. Each of these agreements, with the exception of the storage and transportation services agreement, contain
minimum volume commitments. We do not provide ﬁnancial or equity support through any liquidity arrangements or ﬁnancial guarantees to TLLP. At
December 31, 2016, assets consisted of:
- crude oil and reﬁned products terminals and storage facilities in the western and midwestern US. that are supplied by Tesoro-owned and third-party
pipelines, trucks and barges;
- crude oil, feedstock and refined product storage and marine terminals in California that load and unload vessels;
- pipelines, which transport products and crude oil from Tesoro’s reﬁneries to nearby facilities in Salt Lake City and Los Angeles and a 50% fee interest in
a pipeline that transports jet fuel from Tesoro’s Los Angeles refinery to the Los Angeles International Airport;
0 a regulated common carrier products pipeline running from Salt Lake City, Utah to Spokane, Washington and a jet fuel pipeline to the Salt Lake City
International Airport;
0 a rail car unloading facility in Washington that receives crude oil transported on unit trains leased by Tesoro;
- a petroleum coke handling and storage facility in Los Angeles that handles and stores petroleum coke from Tesoro’s Los Angeles refinery; and
o a regulated common carrier refined products pipeline system connecting our Kenai refinery terminals to terminals in Anchorage, Alaska.
TLGP, our wholly-owned subsidiary, serves as the general partner of TLLP. We held an approximate 34% interest in TLLP at December 31, 2016, including a
2% general partner interest and all the incentive distribution rights. This interest at December 31, 2016 includes 34,055,042 common units and 2,100,900
general partner units.
74 | Tesoro Corporation