[ GLOSSARY @v‘EEMB]
Jobber/Dealer- Retail station owned by a third party that sells products Tesoro Index -A performance benchmark that uses several crude oils
purchased from or through us. and approximately 8 to 10 products to provide a potentially closer
representation of the trends in the available margin. Our actual gross refining
Light CrUde 0”' CrUde 0” With an AP' graVitY greater than 24 degrees- margins differ from the Tesoro Index based on the actual slate of crude oil
Light Cl’Ude 0“ is typically SOId ata Premium t0 heaVV Cl’Ude 0”- that is run at our refineries and the products we produce or yield. The
published Tesoro Index, including a reconciliation of the included
Manufacturing Costs - Costs associated directly with the manufacturing components, is available on our website at wwwlsocorpﬁom
process including cash operating expenses, but excluding depreciation and
amortiZatiOh- Throughput - The quantity of crude oil and other feedstocks processed
at a refinery measured in barrels per day.
Mbpd - Thousand barrels per day.
_ ' . . _ Turnaround - The scheduled shutdown of a refinery processing unit for
MMBtu ' M'll'on Br't'Sh thermal un'ts' signiﬁcant overhaul and refurbishment. Turnaround expenditures are
capitalized and amortized over the period of time until the next planned
MMMBtu - Billion British thermal units. turnaround of the unit
MMCf' Million CUbic feet Unit Train - A train consisting of approximately one hundred rail cars
I _ , I, I, _ l_ d _| containing a single material (such as crude oil) that is transported by the
.MUP'S'“? Operator (M50 )' COmPaP'eS 'Cénse to operate reica' railroad as a single unit from its origin point to the destination, enabling
stations in which we have a fee or leasehold interest in the property and title decreased transportation costs and faster deliveries
to the fuel until sold to the consumer. MSOs operate the non-fuel business at '
the locat'on and employ the Operat'ng personnel' Vacuum Distillation - Distillation under reduced pressure, which lowers
Naphtha _ Reﬁned product used as a gasoline blending component, a the b0iling temperature of crude Oil in order to distill crude 0i| components
. . that have high b0iling pomts.
feedstockfor reforming and as a petrochemical feedstock.
NGLs - Natural gas liquids.
OPEC- Organization ofthe Petroleum Exporting Countries
Other Feedstocks- Any non-crude raw or semi-ﬁnished material, which
is further processed in various units of a refinery.
Reﬁned Products- Hydrocarbon compounds, such as gasoline, diesel
fuel, jet fuel and residual fuel that are produced by a refinery.
Reﬁning Yield - Volumes of product produced from crude oil and
feedstocks.
Reforming - A process that uses controlled heat and pressure with
catalysts to rearrange certain hydrocarbon molecules into petrochemical
feedstocks and higher octane stocks suitable for blending into finished
gasoline.
Residual crude oil - The remainder of the crude oil after gasoline and
distillate fuel oils have been extracted through distillation.
$G&A - Selling, general and administrative expenses.
Sweet crude oil - Crude oil containing less than 0.45% sulfur.
Sour crude oil - Crude oil containing greater than 0.45% sulfur.
December 31, 2016 | 3