WWW ]
We compute depreciation of Property Assets using the straight-line method, based on the estimated useful life and salvage value of each asset. The useful
lives range from 3 to 28 years for Reﬁning segment assets, 3 to 28 years for TLLP segment assets, 3 to 16 years for Marketing segment assets, and 3 to 25 years
for corporate assets. We record Property Assets under capital leases at the lower of the present value of minimum lease payments using our incremental
borrowing rate or the fair value of the leased property at the date of lease inception. We depreciate leasehold improvements and Property Assets acquired
under capital leases over the lesser of the lease term or the economic life of the asset. Depreciation expense totaled $537 million, $491 million and $363 million
for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIOW&.record asset retirement obligations (“ARCS”) at fair value in the period in which we have a legal obligation to incur
costs, whether by government action or contractual arrangement, to retire a tangible asset and can make a reasonable estimate of the fair value of the liability.
AROs are calculated based on the present value of the estimated removal and other closure costs using our credit-adjusted risk-free rate given an estimated
settlement date for the obligation. We estimate settlement dates by considering our past practice, industry practice, management’s intent and estimated
economic lives. We cannot currently estimate the fair value for certain potential AROs primarily because we cannot estimate settlement dates (or range of dates)
associated with these assets. These AROs include, but are not limited to, the disposal of hazardous materials used in our production processes and the removal
or dismantlement of reﬁning and terminal facilities, pipelines and other buildings. We have not historically incurred signiﬁcant AROs for hazardous materials
disposal or other removal costs associated with asset retirements or replacements during scheduled maintenance projects. This precludes development of
assumptions about the potential timing of settlement dates based on there being no plans to retire or dispose of the assets, our plans to extend the assets’
economic lives through scheduled maintenance and updating for technological advances, our history of rarely retiring similar assets in the past and industry
practices for similar assets. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, we had $26 million and $30 million recorded for AROs, respectively. No material changes in
AROs occurred in 2016. During 2015, as a result of our ﬁnalization of the purchase price allocation of TLLP’s Rockies Natural Gas Business Acquisition, we
determined that majority of the AROs initially recognized were not estimable resulting in a $29 million reduction to our liability for AROs.
ACQUIRED INTANGIBLES AND GOODWILL
Acquired intangibles are recorded at fair value as of the date acquired and consist primarily of customer relationships, air emission credits, reﬁnery permits,
trade names and plans and a master franchise license for the ampm® convenience store brand ("ampm® License”). We amortize acquired intangibles with ﬁnite
lives on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives of 1 to 35 years, and we include the amortization of acquired intangibles in depreciation and amortization
expense in our statements of consolidated operations. Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of the ARCO® brand and associated registered trademarks for
certain of our retail stations as well as perpetual emission credits. See Note 7 for further information on our amortization expense for acquired intangibles.
Goodwill represents the amount the purchase price exceeds the fair value of net assets acquired in a business combination. We do not amortize goodwill or
indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets. We are required, however, to review goodwill and indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually, or more frequently
if events or changes in business circumstances indicate the book value of the assets may not be recoverable. In such circumstances, we record the impairment in
loss on asset disposals and impairments in our statements of consolidated operations. We review the recorded value of goodwill for impairment on November
lst of each year, or sooner if events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may exceed fair value using qualitative and/or quantitative
assessments at the reporting level. Our review of goodwill is discussed further in Note 7.
IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS
We review Property Assets and other long-lived assets, including acquired intangible assets with ﬁnite lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in
business circumstances indicate the net book values of the assets may not be recoverable. Impairment is indicated when the undiscounted cash flows estimated
to be generated by those assets are less than the assets’ net book value. If this occurs, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the fair value
and net book value. Factors that indicate potential impairment include: a signiﬁcant decrease in the market value of the asset, operating or cash ﬂow losses
associated with the use of the asset and a significant change in the asset’s physical condition or use.
68 | Tesoro Corporation