INDENTURE dated as of December 2, 2016 among T esoro Logistics LP, a Delaware limited partnership (“ILLP”), and Tesoro Logistics Finance Corp.
(“EinanceiCorpf’ and, together with TLLP, the “Issu,ers,”), the Guarantors (as deﬁned herein) and US. Bank National Association, a national banking
association, as trustee.
The Issuers, the Guarantors and the Trustee agree as follows for the beneﬁt of each other and for the equal and ratable beneﬁt of the Holders (as deﬁned
herein) of the 5.25 % Senior Notes due 2025 (the “Notes,”):
ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION
BY REFERENCE
Section 1.01 Deﬁnitions.
“Acquired Debt” means, with respect to any speciﬁed Person:
(1) Indebtedness of any other Person existing at the time such other Person is merged with or into or became a Restricted Subsidiary of such
speciﬁed Person, whether or not such Indebtedness is incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person merging with or into, or
becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of, such speciﬁed Person, but excluding Indebtedness which is extinguished, retired or repaid in connection with
such Person merging with or becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of such speciﬁc Person; and
(2) Indebtedness secured by a Lien encumbering any asset acquired by such speciﬁed Person, but excluding Indebtedness which is extinguished,
retired or repaid in connection with such asset being acquired by such Person.
“Acquisition” means the acquisition of QEP Field Services, LLC pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement.
“Acquisition Agreement” means the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2014, by and between Tesoro Logistics LP and
QEP Field Services Company.
"AdditionaLNotes” means additional Notes (other than the applicable Initial Notes) issued under this Indenture in accordance with Sections,2.0,2, 2,1,3,
and 4,09, hereof, as part of the same series of the Initial Notes.
“Afﬁliate” of any speciﬁed Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control
with such speciﬁed Person. For purposes of this deﬁnition, “control,” as used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the
power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or
otherwise. For purposes of this deﬁnition, the terms “controlling,” “controﬁedibyf and “undenoommonoontrol with” have correlative meanings.
“Agent” means any Registrar, co-registrar, Paying Agent or additional paying agent.
“ApplicablePremium” means, with respect to any Note on any Redemption Date, the greater of:
(l) 1.0% of the principal amount of the Note; and
(2) the excess of: (a) the present value at such Redemption Date of (i) the Redemption Price of such Note at January 15, 2021 (such redemption
price being described in Section 3.07(a)(2)) plus (ii) all required interest payments due on such Note through January 15, 2021 (excluding accrued and
unpaid interest to, but excluding, the Redemption Date), computed using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate as of such Redemption Date plus
50 basis points; over (b) the principal amount of the Note.
“ApplicableProcedures," means, with respect to any transfer or exchange of or for beneﬁcial interests in any Global Note, the rules and procedures of
the Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream that apply to such transfer or exchange.
“Asset Sale” means:
(1) the sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition of any assets or rights of TLLP or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided that the sale,
lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of TLLP and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole will be governed
by Section 4.15 hereof and/or Section 5 .01 hereof and not by Section 4.10 hereof; and
-2-