GATHERING. TLLP’s Gathering business consists of crude oil, natural gas As of 2016, pricing under this agreement is subject to a tiered pricing
and produced water gathering systems in the North Dakota Williston structure with pricing for a base level of NGLs production and pricing for
Basin/Bakken Shale area (the "Bakken Region”) and the Uinta, Vermillion and incremental volumes over 315,000 gallons per day. The pricing for both the
greater Green River basins. TLLP’s High Plains System, located in the Bakken base and incremental volumes are subject to revision each year.
Region, gathers and transports crude oillfrom various production locations TERMINALLING AND TRANSPORTATION. TLLPIS Terminalling and
lineggzgegfﬁ tiﬁgsgthESnonRzoilisoggjuiixth 551(3):: :gﬂnfgnigglstgﬁg Transportation business consists of: crude oil and reﬁned products terminals
pipelines In addition in the Highgplah’js System gwe ORA/n and Operate a truck_ and storage facilities in the western and midwestern U.S. that are supplied by
based crime 0” gathering operation and a pi’peline regulated by the FERC Tesoro-owned and third-party pipelines, trucks and barges; marine terminals
TLLP,S natural gas gathering systems include the Uinta Basin Vermillion' in California that load and unload vessels; pipelines that transport products
Williston Green River and Three Rivers gathering systems its eq’uity methoc’l and crude oil from our reﬁneries to nearby facilities in Salt Lake City and Los
. ’ . ’ . . ’ . . . Angeles; a 50% fee interest in a pipeline that transports jet fuel from our Los
Investments in Rendezvous Gas Servnces, L.L.C., Ulntah Basm Field Servnces, Angeles reﬁnery to the Los Angeles International Airport. a regulated
L.L.C. and Three Rivers Gathering, LLC, and two pipelines regulated by the common carrier products pipeline running from Salt Lake ’City’ Utah to
ESE/Ecirough WhICh It pmv'des natural gas and crUde 0" tranSportauon Spokane, Washington and ajet fuel pipeline to the Salt Lake City International
Airport (the "Northwest Products Pipeline”); a rail-car unloading facility in
TLLP GATHERING 'VOLUMES TRANSPORTED IN 2015 Washington that receives crude oil transported on unit trains we lease; a
i ' petroleum coke handling and storage facility in Los Angeles that handles and
stores petroleum coke from our Los Angeles reﬁnery; and a regulated
85,5 212 common carrier reﬁned products pipeline system connecting our Kenai
' I . refinery to Anchorage, Alaska.
| l I I 33 TLLP TRANSPORTATION VOLUME (in Mbpd)
_ l , 'r’i"ﬁi , ; 7
Natural gas ; in: die bi"! = Crude oil =
Pipeline Pipelinelaj Trucking. (7,: a ,7 i — ,7 a a if a:
Thousands: of Mbpd Mbpd [ [59'] 1353
‘MMLEtuidav r w r r w r r r r r r r :7
a Also includes barrels that were athered and delivered into TLLP’s Hi h " x - m I
( ) Plains System by truck. g g Imam D Third Pames‘
PROCESSING. TLLP’s Processing business consists of natural gas TLLP TERMINALLING THROUGHPUTﬁn Mbpd)
processing and fractionation complexes with a combined processing ; .
throughput capacity of approximately 1,600 MMcf/d and fractionation
throughput capacity of approximately 34 Mbpd. TLLP processes gas for
certain producers under keep-whole processing agreements. Under a keep- 1 932
whole agreement, a producer transfers title to the NGLs produced during gas
processing and the processor, in exchange, delivers to the producer natural
gas with a BTU content equivalent to the NGLs removed. The operating ~ 985
margin for these agreements is determined by the spread between NGLs sales ~ 7 4;
prices and the price paid to purchase the replacement natural gas ("Shrink F ]
Gas”). We are party to a ﬁve-year agreement, entered into in December 2014 , ,, . ,, ngr-i-il .
and amended in February 2016, with TLLP that substantially transfers the twat“? .Thmughpm
commodity risk exposure associated with these keep-whole processing ‘ ’ " '
agreements from TLLP to us (the "Keep-Whole Commodity Agreement”).
Under the Keep-Whole Commodity Agreement, we pay TLLP a fee to process Marinaterminals Raillfatiliw
NGLs related to keep-whole agreements and deliver Shrink Gas to the
producers on behalf of TLLP. TLLP pays us a marketing fee in exchange for D Terminals and
assuming the commodity risk. storage facilities
December 31, 2016 | 9