Section 12.03 Communication by Holders of Notes with Other Holders of Notes.
Holders may communicate pursuant to TIA § 312(b) with other Holders with respect to their rights under this Indenture or the Notes. The Issuers, the
Trustee, the Registrar and anyone else shall have the protection of TIA § 312(c).
Where this Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by the Person entitled to receive such notice, either
before or after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Holders shall be ﬁled with the Trustee, but such ﬁling
shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver.
Where this Indenture provides for notice of any event to a Holder of a Global Note, such notice shall be sufﬁciently given if given to the Depository for
such Note (or its designee), pursuant to its Applicable Procedures, not later than the latest date, if any, and not earlier than the earliest date, if any, prescribed
for the giving of such notice.
Section 12.04 Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent.
Upon any request or application by the Issuers to the Trustee to take any action under this Indenture, the Issuers shall ﬁlmish to the Trustee:
(1) an Ofﬁcers’ Certiﬁcate in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee (which must include the statements set forth in
,S,e,c,ti,on,12,.0,5, hereof) stating that, in the opinion of the signers, all conditions precedent and covenants, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to
the proposed action have been satisﬁed; and
(2) an Opinion of Counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee (which must include the statements set forth in
Section 12.05 hereof) stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent and covenants have been satisﬁed.
Section 12.05 Statements Required in Certiﬁcate or Opinion.
Each certiﬁcate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture (other than a certiﬁcate provided
pursuant to TIA § 314(a)(4)) must comply with the provisions of TIA § 314(e) and must include:
(1) a statement that the Person making such certiﬁcate or opinion has read such covenant or condition;
(2) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such
certiﬁcate or opinion are based;
(3) a statement that, in the opinion of such Person, he or she has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him or her to
express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been satisﬁed; and
(4) a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such Person, such condition or covenant has been satisﬁed.
Section 12.06 Rules by Trustee and Agents.
The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or at a meeting of Holders. The Registrar or Paying Agent may make reasonable rules and set
reasonable requirements for its functions.
Section 12.07 No Personal Liability of Directors, Oﬁ’icers, Employees and Unitholders.
No past, present or future director, ofﬁcer, partner, member, employee, incorporator, manager or unitholder or other owner of Equity Interest of the
Issuers, the General Partner or any of their Subsidiaries, as such, will have any liability for any obligations of the Issuers or any Guarantor under the Notes,
this Indenture, the Note Guarantees or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a
Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes and the Note Guarantees.
Section 12.08 Governing Law.
THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES AND THE NOTE GUARANTEES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED 1N ACCORDANCE WITH THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
Section 12.09 No Adverse Interpretation of OtherAgreements.
-60-