[ mam
information necessary to make an informed decision regarding whether to approve the issuance of Tesoro common stock in connection with our proposed
acquisition of Western Reﬁning. Among other remedies, the plaintiff seeks to enjoin the merger and to hold our directors liable for allegedly breaching their
ﬁduciary duties. The action also seeks to recover costs and disbursements from the defendants, including attorneys’ fees and experts’ fees. The defendants
intend to defend the action vigorously.
WASHINGTON REFINERY FllTEie naphtha hydrotreater unit at our Washington reﬁnery was involved in a ﬁre in April 2010, which fatally injured seven
employees and rendered the unit inoperable. The Washington State Department of Labor & Industries ("L&l”) initiated an investigation of the incident. L&l
completed its investigation in October 2010, issued a citation and assessed approximately a$2 million ﬁne, which we appealed. We disagree with L&l’s
characterizations of operations at our Washington reﬁnery and believe, based on available evidence and scientiﬁc reviews, that many of the agency’s
conclusions are mistaken. We filed an appeal of the citation in January 2011. In separate September 2013, November 2013 and February 2015 orders, the Board
of Industrial Insurance Appeals ("BllA") granted partial summaryjudgment in our favor rejecting 33 of the original 44 allegations in the citation as lacking legal or
evidentiary support. The hearing on the remaining 11 allegations concluded in July 2016, and we expect the judge to issue a recommended decision for the
BllA’s review in 2017. While we cannot currently estimate the ﬁnal amount or timing of the resolution of this matter, we have established an accrual based on
our best estimate at the time.
AIR QUALITY REGULATIOMSn February 12, 2016, we received an offer to settle 35 Notice of Violations (“NOV”) received from the Bay Area Air Quality
Management District ("BAAQMD"). The NOVs were issued from May 2011 to November 2015 and allege violations of air quality regulations for ground level
monitors located at our Martinez reﬁnery. While we are negotiating a settlement of the allegations with the BAAQMD, we cannot currently estimate the amount
or timing of the resolution of this matter, and we believe the outcome will not have a material impact on our liquidity, financial position, or results of operations.
Also, on January 31, 2017, we received an offer to settle 51 NOVs received from the BAAQMD. The NOVs were issued from July 2011 to July 2015 and allege
violations of various air quality regulations at our Martinez reﬁnery. While we are evaluating the allegations and cannot currently estimate the amount or timing
of the resolution of this matter, we believe the outcome will not have a material impact on our liquidity, financial position, or results of operations.
FUEL STAN DARDSOn April 19, 2016, we received an offer to settle two NOVs received from CARB. The NOVs were issued in February 2016 and allege
certain batches of fuels produced in June and July 2015 at our Martinez and Los Angeles reﬁneries violated fuel standards within the California Code of
Regulations. While we are actively discussing a settlement of the allegations with CARB, we cannot currently estimate the amount or timing of the resolution of
this matter.
RESOLVED MATTERS
In December 2016, we settled allegations from CARB related to reports ﬁled by our Los Angeles reﬁnery in 2013 and 2014 under California’s Greenhouse
Gas Mandatory Reporting Program. The amount paid to settle this matter did not have a material impact on our liquidity, ﬁnancial positions or results of
operations. Also in December 2016, we agreed to settle three NOVs from the County of San Diego, Department of Environmental Health. The NOVs were issued
after the inspection of three marketing sites between December 2014 and June 2015 and alleged improper operation of underground storage tank leak
detection equipment as required by the California Health and Safety Code. The amount we have agreed to pay to settle this matter will not have a material impact
on our liquidity, financial position or results of operations.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
December 31, 2016 | 23