[EEK FAG-TORS ]
Terrorist attacks aimed at our facilities or that impact our customers or the markets we serve could adversely affect our business.
The US. government has issued warnings that energy assets in general, including the nation’s reﬁning, pipeline and terminal infrastructure, may be future
targets of terrorist organizations. Any future terrorist attacks on our facilities, those of our customers, or on any transportation networks, including pipelines,
could have a material adverse effect on our business. Similarly, any future terrorist attacks that severely disrupt the markets we serve could materially and
adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
Our inventory risk management activities may result in substantial derivative variability or losses.
We enter into derivative transactions to manage the risks from changes in the prices of crude oil, reﬁned products, natural gas, and other feedstocks
associated with our physical inventories and future production, and these may result in substantial derivatives variability or losses, which could increase the
volatility of our earnings. We manage price risk on inventories above or below our target levels to minimize the impact these price ﬂuctuations have on our
earnings and cash ﬂows. Consequently, our results may ﬂuctuate signiﬁcantly from one reporting period to the next depending on commodity price ﬂuctuations
and our relative physical inventory positions. These transactions may also expose us to risks for ﬁnancial losses; for example, if our production is less than we
anticipated at the time we entered into a hedge agreement or if a counterparty to our hedge agreement fails to perform its obligations under the agreements. See
Item 7A.
Competition in the reﬁning, logistics and marketing industry is intense, and an increase in competition in the markets in which we sell our products could
adversely affect our earnings and profitability.
We compete with a broad range of reﬁning and marketing companies, including certain multinational oil companies. Competitors with greater geographic
diversity, larger or more complex reﬁneries, integrated operations with exploration and productions resources and broader access to resources, may be better
able to withstand volatile market conditions and to bear the risks inherent in the reﬁning industry. For example, competitors that engage in exploration and
production of crude oil may be better positioned to withstand periods of depressed reﬁning margins or feedstock shortages. Our competitors’ recent
consolidations and acquisitions and their plans for projects that could increase reﬁning capacity or efﬁciency could increase competition in our markets, reduce
our margins and affect our cash flow.
In addition, we compete with alternative energy and fuel producers for some industrial, commercial and individual consumers. There is signiﬁcant
governmental and consumer pressure to increase the use of alternative fuels and vehicles in the United States. If these alternative energy sources gain support as
a result of governmental regulations and subsidies, technological advances, consumer demand, or other causes, they could impact demand for our products and
our financial condition.
Our operations are subject to operational hazards that could expose us to potentially significant losses.
Reﬁneries, gas processing plants, pipelines, rail cars, terminals and other components of our business are subject to potential operational hazards and risks
inherent in reﬁning operations and in transporting and storing crude oil, natural gas, reﬁned products and waste. Operational hazards, such as ﬁres, ﬂoods,
earthquakes, explosions, third-party accidents, maritime disasters, security breaches, pipeline ruptures and spills, mechanical failure of equipment, severe
weather and other natural disasters, at our or third-party facilities, could result in business interruptions or shutdowns and damage to our properties and the
properties of others. A serious accident at our facilities could also result in serious injury or death to our employees or contractors and could expose us to
signiﬁcant liability for personal injury claims and reputational risk. These events could create signiﬁcant liabilities that are outside the limits or scope or our
insurance policies, and could expose us to penalties under federal, state and local laws. The costs that we could have to pay in penalties or for clean-up,
remediation and damages could have a material adverse effect on our business, ﬁnancial condition and operations. Any such unplanned event or shutdown
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, we operate in and adjacent to environmentally sensitive coastal waters where tanker, pipeline, rail car and reﬁned product transportation and
storage operations are closely regulated by federal, state and local agencies and monitored by environmental interest groups. Our coastal reﬁneries receive
crude oil and other feedstocks by tanker. In addition, our reﬁneries receive crude oil and other feedstocks by rail car and truck. Transportation and storage of
crude oil, other feedstocks and reﬁned products over and adjacent to water involves inherent risk and subjects us to the provisions of the Federal Oil Pollution
Act of 1990 and state laws in California, Washington and Alaska. If we are unable to promptly and adequately contain any accident or discharge involving
tankers, pipelines, rail cars or above ground storage tanks transporting or storing crude oil, other feedstocks or reﬁned products, we may be subject to
substantial liability. In addition, the service providers we have contracted to aid us in a discharge response may be unavailable due to weather conditions,
governmental regulations or other local or global events. State or federal rulings could divert our response resources to other global events.
20 | Tesoro Corporation