[ mm: “‘ ammo]
In California, Assembly Bill 32 ("AB 32”) created a statewide cap on greenhouse gas emissions by requiring that the state return to 1990 emission levels by
2020. In 2016, Senate Bill 32 ("SB 32”) set a new emissions reduction target of 40% below 1990 levels by 2030. AB 32 focuses on using market mechanisms,
such as a cap-and-trade program and a low carbon fuel standard (“LCFS”), to achieve emissions reduction targets. The LCFS became effective in January 2010
and requires a 10% reduction in the carbon intensity of gasoline and diesel fuel by 2020. In 2011, CARB approved cap-and-trade requirements that became
effective in January 2013, and all of AB 32 related regulations are to be fully implemented by 2020. In December 2011, a US. District Court ruled that the LCFS
violates the US. Constitution. CARB appealed the decision and, on September 18, 2013, the US. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the lower court’s
decision and remanded the case to the lower court to rule on whether the ethanol provisions of the LCFS are unconstitutional. We cannot predict the ultimate
outcome of the lower court’s ruling on the LCFS, and the implementation and implications of AB 32 and SB 32 will take many years to realize. On January 1,
2015, transportation fuels were brought into the California cap-and-trade program, making fuel suppliers responsible for carbon emission from their products.
The cost for carbon emissions is being passed through to customers. While we believe that the cap and trade requirements will not materially impact our
liquidity, financial position, or results of operations, we cannot currently predict the impact of the LCFS and other AB 32 or expected SB 32-related regulations
on our liquidity, financial position, or results of operations.
ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITIES. We are incurring and expect to continue to incur expenses for environmental remediation liabilities at a number of currently
and previously owned or operated reﬁning, pipeline, terminal and retail station properties. We have accrued liabilities totaling $227 million and $255 million,
including $22 million and $33 million for TLLP, at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
On October 17, 2016, the US. 5th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the July 10, 2015 federal court order denying coverage pursuant to an insurance policy
for environmental remediation liabilities at our Martinez reﬁnery. In November 2016, the Court of Appeals denied our petitions for a rehearing. The liabilities are
included in our accruals as we have not recognized possible insurance recoveries under the policies. See Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements in Item
8 for additional information on our environmental obligations.
OTHER MATTERS
In the ordinary course of business, we become party to lawsuits, administrative proceedings and governmental investigations, including environmental,
regulatory and other matters. Large, and sometimes unspecified, damages or penalties may be sought from us in some matters. We have not established accruals
for these matters unless a loss is probable and the amount of loss is currently estimable.
WASHINGTON REFINERY FlRIEte naphtha hydrotreater unit at our Washington reﬁnery was involved in a ﬁre in April 2010, which fatally injured seven
employees and rendered the unit inoperable. The Washington State Department of Labor & Industries (”L&I”) initiated an investigation of the incident. L&I
completed its investigation in October 2010, issued a citation and assessed approximately a$2 million ﬁne, which we appealed. We disagree with L&I’s
characterizations of operations at our Washington reﬁnery and believe, based on available evidence and scientiﬁc reviews, that many of the agency’s
conclusions are mistaken. We filed an appeal of the citation in January 2011. In separate September 2013, November 2013 and February 2015 orders, the Board
of Industrial Insurance Appeals (”BIIA”) granted partial summaryjudgment in our favor rejecting 33 of the original 44 allegations in the citation as lacking legal or
evidentiary support. The hearing on the remaining 11 allegations concluded in July 2016, and we expect the judge to issue a recommended decision for the
BIIA’s review in 2017. While we cannot currently estimate the ﬁnal amount or timing of its resolution of this matter, we have established an accrual based on our
best estimate at this time.
ENVIRONMENTAL. We have investigated conditions at certain active wastewater treatment units at our Martinez reﬁnery pursuant to an order received in
2004 from the San Francisco Bay Regional Water Quality Control Board that named us as well as two previous owners of the Martinez reﬁnery. We cannot
currently estimate the amount of the ultimate resolution of the order, but we believe it will not have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, ﬁnancial position,
or results of operations.
On October 26, 2016, the Utah Supreme Court rejected the Utah Physicians for a Healthy Environment’s and the Utah Chapter of the Sierra Club’s
("Petitioners") challenge of an air permit issued by the Utah Department of Environmental Quality (”UDEQ”) to our Salt Lake City reﬁnery in September 2012.
Petitioners had ﬁled a Request for Agency Action (the IIRequest”) with UDEQ challenging UDEQ’s permitting of our reﬁnery conversion project alleging that the
permit did not conform to the requirements of the Clean Air Act. After proceedings before an administrative law judge and the Executive Director of UDEQ’s
subsequent dismissal of Petitioners’ Request, Petitioners ﬁled a petition for review with the Utah Court of Appeals in December 2014, and the Court of Appeals
certified the case to the Utah Supreme Court. On December 27, 2016 the Utah Supreme Court denied the Petitioners’ petition for rehearing.
December 31, 2016 | 53