QUA ATIVE QUALITIATIVE DISGLOSU‘ ]
0 maintain appropriate level of knowledge regarding the execution of and the accounting for derivative instruments; and
0 implement key indicators to measure the performance of hedging activities.
The risk committee meets at least monthly to review priority and emerging risks and risk prevention and mitigation activities. In addition, our risk committee
chairman presents a quarterly risk update to executive management and an annual update to our Board of Directors concerning the status and effectiveness of
our risk prevention and mitigation activities, emerging risks and risk assessment and management practices.
COMMODITY PRICE RISKS
Our primary source of market risk emanates from the difference between the sale prices for our reﬁned products and the purchase prices for crude oil and
other feedstocks. Reﬁned product prices are directly influenced by the price of crude oil. Our earnings and cash ﬂows from operations depend on the margin,
relative to ﬁxed and variable expenses (including the costs of crude oil and other feedstocks) at which we are able to sell our reﬁned products. The prices of
crude oil and reﬁned products ﬂuctuate substantially and depend on many factors including the global supply and demand for crude oil and reﬁned products.
This demand is impacted by changes in the global economy, the level of foreign and domestic production of crude oil, natural gas and reﬁned products, geo-
political conditions, the availability of imports of crude oil and reﬁned products, the relative strength of the U.S. dollar, the marketing of alternative and
competing fuels and the impact of government regulations. Our reﬁned product sale prices are also affected by local factors such as local market conditions and
the level of operations of other suppliers in our markets.
In most cases, an increase or decrease in the price of crude oil results in a corresponding increase or decrease in the price of gasoline and other reﬁned
products. The timing, direction and the overall change in reﬁned product prices versus crude oil prices could have a signiﬁcant impact on our proﬁt margins,
earnings and cash flows. Assuming all other factors remained constant, a$1 per barrel change in average gross reﬁning margins, based on our average
throughput of 825 Mbpd, would change annualized pre-tax operating income by approximately $300 million. This analysis may differ from actual results.
We maintain inventories of crude oil, intermediate products and reﬁned products, the values of which are subject to ﬂuctuations in market prices. The
valuation of our inventories can signiﬁcantly impact amounts reported in our balance sheet where changes therein can then impact amounts recorded in our
results of operations. Our inventories of reﬁnery feedstocks and reﬁned products totaled 45 million barrels and 48 million barrels at December 31, 2016 and
2015, respectively. Since market prices declined to a level below the average cost of our inventories, we recorded a net lower of cost or market inventory
adjustment (charge to earnings and reduction in inventory carrying value) of $359 million as of December 31, 2015. There was no net lower of cost or market
inventory adjustment as of December 31, 2016. Due to the increase in market prices in 2016, as of December 31, 2016, we fully reversed the lower of cost or
market reserve to zero and, as a result, we recognized a gain of $359 million in our results of operations during 2016.
We use non-trading physical derivative instruments to manage exposure to commodity price risks associated with the purchase or sale of crude oil and
ﬁnished products and inventories above or below our target levels. We also use these instruments to manage the impact of market volatility and arbitrage
opportunities for crude oil where the price of crude oil is higher in the future than the current spot price. For the purchase or sale of crude oil and ﬁnished
products to be used in our normal operations, we enter into physical commodity forward purchase and sale contracts ("Forward Contracts”), which are not
typically classiﬁed and reported as derivatives for accounting purposes. The gains or losses associated with these Forward Contracts are recognized as incurred
in our ﬁnancial statements separate from the gains or losses associated with other derivative instruments reported below and in Note 10 to our consolidated
financial statements in Item 8.
Also, we entered into ﬁnancial derivative contracts such as exchange-traded futures, over-the-counter swaps, options and over-the-counter options, most
of which had remaining durations of less than one year as of December 31, 2016, to economically hedge price risk associated with our physical commodity
Forward Contracts or to take advantage of other market opportunities. We mark-to-market these derivative instruments each period during the contract term,
which can create timing differences for gain or loss recognition in our ﬁnancial statements. The derivative gains or losses presented below do not reflect the
realized losses or gains, respectively, from the settlement of our physical commodity transactions. Both the derivative and the physical commodity Forward
Contracts’ gains and losses are reflected in our gross reﬁning margin in the reﬁning segment. We evaluate our performance based on all contract types available
to manage our risk, which includes contracts that may or may not be classified and reported as derivatives for accounting purposes.
58 | Tesoro Corporation