“Common Unit” means a common unit representing a limited partner interest in the Partnership having the rights set forth in the
Partnership Agreement.
“Conﬂicts Committee” has the meaning set forth in the Partnership Agreement.
“Contracts” means (i) the License Agreement, (ii) the Martinez Storage Services Agreement and (iii) the Avon Marine
Terminal Operating Agreement.
“Credit Facility” means that certain Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of January 29, 2016, by and among
the Partnership, as borrower, Bank of America, NA, as administrative agent, and the other parties thereto.
“D ebt—Financed Cash Consideration” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(g).
“Effective Date” has the meaning set forth in the introduction to this Agreement.
“Effective Time” means 12:01 am. Central Time on the Effective Date.
“iqﬂtyilonsideraﬁon” has the meaning set forth in ,S,e,ction,2,.,3,(h)z(;li),
"ExcludedAssets,and,Liabilities,” means those certain assets and properties (including any and all petroleum and hydrocarbon
inventory) and certain responsibilities, coverages and liabilities that might otherwise be considered as part of the Assets or the Contracts
but are being retained by TRMC and are not being contributed, transferred or assumed to or by the General Partner, the Partnership or
the Operating Company as part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, as set forth on EXhibiLC to this Agreement.
“GeneralPartner,” has the meaning set forth in the introduction to this Agreement.
"GeneralPartneriContIibution" has the meaning set forth in ,S,e,ction,2,.3,(a).
“General Partner Unit” means a general partner unit representing a general partner interest in the Partnership having the rights
set forth in the Partnership Agreement.
"htendedlaxlreatment” has the meaning set forth in Section A, .2( a).
“License Agreement” means the License Agreement with respect to the Tankage and the Avon Wharf Pipeway between
TRMC and the Operating Company.
“MartinezReﬁnery” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
“Martinez Storage Services Agreement” means the Martinez Storage Services Agreement with respect to the Tankage among
TRMC, the Operating Company, the General Partner and the Partnership.
“MasterzLease,” means that General Lease — Industrial Use, dated January 1, 2015, between TRMC and the State of California,
acting by and through the California State Lands Commission,
3
80950117