DISGUSSION mm ]
to achieve its primary business objectives and execute business strategies based on its long-term fee-based contracts, relationship with us, strategically
positioned assets and financial ﬂexibility provided by its balanced capital structure, revolving credit facility capacity, dropdown credit facility, ability to access
equity capital markets through its continuous issuance program and financial support from us.
MARKETINC—Dur marketing assets provide a secure and ratable offtake of high value gasoline and diesel production from our reﬁneries. We are driving
growth and improvements in our Marketing segment by focusing on higher value, branded distribution channels, adding new retail sites to our network, and
implementing store improvements, to enhance our convenience store position.
Underpinning our strategy and goals for all of our businesses is a high performing culture where every employee leads according to our guiding
principles and has the opportunity to make a difference. These guiding principles are as follows:
0 CORE VALUES — We act individually and collectively with the highest level of integrity and we are steadfast in our commitment to safety, health and the
environment.
- EXCEPTIONAL PEOPLE —We employ the best people and develop our capabilities and leadership to realize our objectives.
- SHARED PURPOSE — Everyone clearly understands and owns our vision, strategy, how they fit and what they are expected to contribute.
- POWERFUL COLLABORATION — We leverage the power of collaboration and our individual and collective expertise to create value and competitive
advantage.
- SUPERIOR EXECUTION —We pursue and deliver our objectives with energy, passion and a sense of urgency to deliver industry-leading results.
By following our guiding principles, we aim to achieve strategic priorities that are focused on the delivery of operational efficiency and effectiveness, value
chain optimization, ﬁnancial discipline, and value-driven growth. In addition, we take a principles-based approach to conducting our business, seeking to create
shared value for key stakeholders including employees, communities, business partners, government and the environment.
STRATEGIC PRIORITIES , ,
r [ @iﬁmTﬁmi-ﬁ[aﬁmiliiiﬁimii‘ﬁ
l
H'G“ PERFORM'NG CULTURE :
fostering a culture that IS committed to budding leadership , ,
at all levels of the organization and across our value chain I
with em lo ees from diverse back rounds and ’ u- ’
I:xpyeriences while being fifmly :[ _O_A_o_ ' k A k ' L :31? k " __n_
grounded in ourguiding principles Wammmwexammmmﬂ - mmmma
rﬁ capabilities
| opportunities
28 | Tesoro Corporation