W DISAG 60 @L5 Em INFORMATION ]
ITEM 9.CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINI
DISCLOSURE
None.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information that we are required to disclose in reports we
ﬁle under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("the Exchange Act”), is accumulated and appropriately communicated to management. There have
been no signiﬁcant changes in our internal controls over ﬁnancial reporting (as deﬁned by applicable SEC rules) during the quarter ended December 31,
2016, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting.
We carried out an evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including the Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures at
the end of the reporting period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures are effective.
MANAGEMENT REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Management of Tesoro Corporation and its subsidiaries (the I’Company”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
ﬁnancial reporting as deﬁned in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The Company’s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of ﬁnancial reporting and the preparation of ﬁnancial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States of America. Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to ﬁnancial statement preparation
and presentation.
Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, using the criteria set forth by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control — Integrated Framework(2013 framework). Based on such assessment,
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2016, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting is effective.
The independent registered public accounting ﬁrm of Ernst & Young LLP, as auditors of the Company’s consolidated ﬁnancial statements, has issued an
attestation report on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, included herein.
ITEM QB. OTHER INFORMATION
None.
120 | Tesoro Corporation