[ mseussmw ammo]
ON E-PERCENTAGE-POINT CHANGE IN EXPECTED RATE OF RETURN AND DISCOUNT RATE
1-Percentage- 1-Percentage-
Point Increase Point Decrease
Expected Rate of Return:
Effect on net periodic pension expense S (4) S 4
Discount Rate:
Effect on net periodic pension expense S (6) S 9
Effect on projected benefit obligation (77) 110
See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 for more information regarding costs and assumptions.
ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITIES. We record environmental liabilities when environmental assessments and/or proposed environmental remedies are probable
and can be reasonably estimated. Usually, the timing of our accruals coincides with assessing the liability and then completing a feasibility study or committing to
a formal plan of action. When we complete our analysis or when we commit to a plan of action, we accrue a liability based on the minimum range of the
expected costs, unless we consider another amount more likely. We base our cost estimates on the extent of remedial actions required by applicable governing
agencies, experience gained from similar environmental projects and the amounts to be paid by other responsible parties.
Accruals for our environmental liabilities require judgment due to the uncertainties related to the magnitude of the liability and timing of the remediation
effort. Our environmental liability estimates are subject to change due to potential changes in environmental laws, regulations or interpretations, additional
information related to the extent and nature of the liability, and potential improvements in remediation technologies. We do not discount our estimated liabilities
to present value. An estimate of the sensitivity for changes in those factors is not practicable clue to the number of contingencies that must be assessed, the
number of underlying assumptions, and the wide range of possible outcomes.
ACQUISITIONS. We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based
on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as
goodwill. Determining the fair value of these items requires management’s judgment, the utilization of independent valuation experts, and involves the use of
signiﬁcant estimates and assumptions with respect to the timing and amounts of future cash inﬂows and outflows, discount rates, market prices, and asset lives,
among other items. The judgments made in the determination of the estimated fair value assigned to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed, as well as the
estimated useful life of each asset and the duration of each liability, can materially impact the financial statements in periods after acquisition, such as through
depreciation and amortization.
While management believes those expectations and assumptions are reasonable, they are inherently uncertain. Unanticipated market or macroeconomic
events and circumstances may occur, which could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions.
NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS AND DISCLOSURES
New accounting standards and disclosures are discussed in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8.
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
RISK MANAGEMENT
We have established a risk committee comprised of senior level leadership from our financial, strategic, governance, administrative and operational
functions. The risk committee’s responsibilities include performing an annual review to assess and prioritize the Company’s risks in coordination with our subject
matter experts, assessing the status and effectiveness of risk prevention and mitigation activities, identifying emerging risks and facilitate management’s
development of risk assessment and management practices. The risk committee is also responsible for assessing and advising management on our system of
controls to ensure policies and procedures are properly followed and appropriate accountability is present. Our controls are designed to:
0 create and maintain a comprehensive risk management framework;
0 provide for authorization by the appropriate levels of management;
0 provide for segregation of duties;
December 31, 2016 | 57