ARTICLE 4
COVENANTS
Section 4.01 Payment of Notes.
The Issuers will pay or cause to be paid the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, the Notes on the dates and in the manner provided in the
Notes. Principal, premium, if any, and interest will be considered paid on the date due if the Paying Agent, if other than the TLLP or a Subsidiary thereof,
holds as of 11:00 am. Eastern Time on the due date money deposited by the Issuers in immediately available funds and designated for and sufﬁcient to pay
all principal, premium, if any, and interest then due.
Section 4.02 Maintenance of Oﬂice orAgency.
The Issuers will maintain in the Borough of Manhattan, the City of New York, an ofﬁce or agency (which may be an ofﬁce of the Trustee or an affiliate
of the Trustee, Registrar or co—registrar) where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange and where notices and demands to or upon
the Issuers in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. The Issuers will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change
in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the Issuers fail to maintain any such required office or agency or fail to fumish the Trustee with the
address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Ofﬁce of the Trustee.
The Issuers may also from time to time designate one or more other ofﬁces or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all
such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided, however, that no such designation or rescission will in any manner relieve the
Issuers of their obligation to maintain an ofﬁce or agency in the Borough of Manhattan, the City of New York for such purposes. The Issuers will give prompt
written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency.
The Issuers hereby designate the Corporate Trust Ofﬁce of the Trustee as one such ofﬁce or agency of the Issuers in accordance with Section 2.03
hereof.
Section 4.03 Reports.
(a) Whether or not required by the rules and regulations of the SEC, so long as any Notes are outstanding, T LLP shall ﬁlmish (whether through hard
copy or Internet access) to the Holders of Notes or cause the Trustee to fumish to the Holders of Notes, within the time periods speciﬁed in the SEC’s rules
and regulations:
(1) all quarterly and annual reports that would be required to be ﬁled with the SEC on Forms 10-Q and 10-K if TLLP were required to ﬁle such
reports, including a “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”; and
(2) all current reports that would be required to be ﬁled with the SEC on Form 8-K if TLLP were required to ﬁle such reports.
All such reports will be prepared in all material respects in accordance with all of the rules and regulations applicable to such reports. Each annual
report on Form 10-K will include a report on TLLP’s consolidated ﬁnancial statements by TLLP’s independent registered public accounting ﬁrm. In addition,
TLLP will ﬁle a copy of each of the reports referred to in clauses (1) and (2) above with the SEC for public availability within the time periods speciﬁed in the
rules and regulations applicable to such reports (unless the SEC will not accept such a ﬁling) and will post the reports on its website within those time
periods.
If, at any time TLLP is no longer subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for any reason, TLLP will nevertheless continue
ﬁling the reports speciﬁed in the preceding paragraphs of this Section 4.03 with the SEC within the time periods speciﬁed above unless the SEC will not
accept such a ﬁling; provided that, for so long as TLLP is not subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for any reason, the time
period for ﬁling reports on Form 8-K shall be ﬁve (5) Business Days after the event giving rise to the obligation to ﬁle such report. If the SEC will not accept
TLLP’s ﬁlings for any reason, T LLP will post the reports referred to in the preceding paragraphs on its website within the time periods that would apply if
TLLP were required to ﬁle those reports with the SEC.
IfTLLP has designated any of its Subsidiaries as Unrestricted Subsidiaries, then, to the extent material, the quarterly and annual ﬁnancial information
required by the preceding paragraph will include a reasonably detailed presentation, either on the face of the ﬁnancial statements or in the footnotes thereto,
or in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of the ﬁnancial condition and results of operations of TLLP
and its Restricted Subsidiaries separate from the ﬁnancial condition and results of operations of the Unrestricted Subsidiaries of TLLP.
-30-