GOVERNMENT REGULATION AND LEGISLATION
REGULATORY CONTROLS AND EXPENDITURIEBe other companies 0 In California, the Board for the South Coast Air Quality Management
engaged in similar businesses, we are subject to extensive and frequently District passed amendments to the Regional Clean Air Incentives
changing federal, state, regional and local laws, regulations and ordinances Market (“RECLAIM”) on December 4, 2015. The RECLAIM
relating to the environment, including those governing emissions or Amendments became effective in 2016 and required a staged
discharges to land, air and water, the handling and disposal of solid and reduction of Nitrogen Oxides through 2022.
hazardous wastes and the remediation of contamination. While we believe . in California, new and expanded Process Safety Management and
our facilities are in substantial compliance with current requirements, we will Reﬁnery Safety and Prevention regulations were pronosed in 2016 in
continue to engage in efforts to meet new legislative and regulatory response to recommendations made in 2014 by the Governor’s
requirements applicable to our operations. Compliance with these laws and interagency Refinery Safety Working Group_
regulations may require us to make significant expenditures.
The impact of these and other regulatory and legislative developments is
For example: likely to result in increased compliance costs, additional operating
restrictions on our business and an increase in the cost of the products we
0 The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") has promulgated manufacture. Depending on market conditions, we may attempt to pass these
multiple regulations to control greenhouse gas emissions under the costs on to consumers. If that is not possible, the changes could have an
Federal Clean Air Act. The ﬁrst of these regulations, ﬁnalized on April adverse impact on our ﬁnancial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
1, 2010, set standards for the control of greenhouse gas emissions We cannot currently determine the amounts of such future impacts. For
from light trucks and cars. The US. Congress may also consider additional information regarding our environmental matters see
legislation regarding greenhouse gas emissions in the future. IIEnvironmental and Other Matters” in Item 7.
' The Energy thdepehdence and Security Act Of 2007 mandates the OIL SPILL PREVENTION AND RESPONISeEoperate in environmentally
blendmg 0f. 'ncreas'ng amounts 9f renewable fuels m the supply 9f sensitive coastal waters, where tanker, pipeline, rail cars and other petroleum
tranaportauon fuels used domesncelly' “"5 use Of renewable fuels '5 product transportation operations are regulated by federal, state and local
requIred of all manufacturers and Importers of transportatIon fuels agencies and monitored by environmental interest groups_ The
SOId domesucally' The EPA 'mplemented_ the Second renewable f_ue| transportation of crude oil and refined products involves risk and subjects us
Standard _(”RF52”) through regUIauon. and RFSZ requ'res to the provisions of the Federal Oil Pollution Act of 1990 and related state
transportauon fuel manUfaCturers tOPrOV'de prOOf Of putChase 0f requirements, which require that most petroleum reﬁning, transport and
these re_newable fuels' The COStS assoc'ated _W'th RFSZ compl'ance are storage companies maintain and update various oil spill prevention and oil
uncertam and ﬂUCtuate W'th market dynam'cs' spill contingency plans. Our spill prevention plans and procedures are
0 The EPA ﬁnalized amendments to the Clean Air Act Risk Management frequently reviewed and modiﬁed to prevent releases and to minimize
Planning regulations in 2016 signiﬁcantly expanding the regulatory potential impacts to land and water should a release occur. We have
requirements. submitted these plans and received federal and state approvals necessary to
o The Department of Transportation ("DOT") issued new regulations in comply with the Federal Oil Pollution Act of 1990 and related regulations. At
2015 governing the design of rail cars used to transport petroleum our faculties adjacent to water, federally certiﬁed 0“ Spi“ Response
and other materials. Organizations ("OSROs”) are available to respond to a spill on water from
e in Cenfemie’ Senete Bin 32 ("SB 32”) set e new greenhouse eee above ground storage tanks or- pipelines. We have contracts in place to
emission redueeen requirement of 40% beiew 1990 levels by 2030. ensure support from the respectIve OSROs for slels In both open and Inland
Assembly Bill ("AB 197”) mandated direct emission reductions of waters’as we” as on land'
greenhouse gases from large stationary sources SUCh as our We currently charter tankers to ship crude oil from foreign and
reﬁneries- Assembly Bi” 32 ("AB 32”); loreVious'Y created a StateWide domestic sources to our California, Washington and Alaska reﬁneries. The
cap on greenhouse gas emi55ions now replaced by SB 32 Wt also tanker owners contract with OSROs to comply with federal, state and local
created a IOW carbon fuel standard, WhICh reqUires a 10% reduction requirements, except in Alaska where we contract with the OSROs. The
in the carbon intenSItY 0f fuels by 2020- OSROs are capable of responding to an oil spill equal to the greatest tanker
volume delivering crude oil to our reﬁneries. Those volumes range from
350,000 barrels to two million barrels.
12 | Tesoro Corporation