[EEK FAG-TORS ]
Our business includes selling products in international markets, and we are subject to risks of doing business on a global level.
We sell some of our products internationally, primarily to markets in Mexico, South America and Asia. Our operating results or ﬁnancial condition could be
negatively impacted by disruptions in any of these markets, including economic instability, restrictions on the transfer of funds, duties and tariffs, transportation
delays, import and export controls, changes in governmental policies, labor unrest and changing regulatory and political environments. In addition, if trade
relationships deteriorate with these countries, if existing trade agreements are modiﬁed or terminated, or if taxes, border adjustments or tariffs make trading
with these countries more costly, it could have a material adverse effect on our business.
The availability and cost of renewable identification numbers could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
The RFSZ requires reﬁners to add annually increasing amounts of "renewable fuels” to their petroleum products or to purchase credits, known as renewable
identiﬁcation numbers ("RINs"), in lieu of such blending. Due to regulatory uncertainty and in part due to the nation’s fuel supply approaching the “blend wall”
(the 10% ethanol limit prescribed by most automobile warranties), the price and availability of RINs has been volatile.
While we generate RINs by blending renewable fuels manufactured by third parties, we purchase RINs on the open market to comply with the RFSZ. We
cannot predict the future prices of RINs, and the costs to obtain the necessary RINs could be material. Our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations could be
adversely affected if we are unable to pass the cost of compliance on to our customers, pay signiﬁcantly higher prices for RINs, and generate or purchase RINs to
meet RFSZ mandated standards.
Meeting the requirements of, including the cost to comply with evolving environmental, health and safety laws and regulations including those related to
climate change could materially affect our performance, financial condition and results of operations.
Environmental, health and safety laws and regulations may continue to raise our operating costs and require signiﬁcant capital investments. If we discover
new conditions at our facilities that require remediation, or if environmental, health and safety, and energy requirements change materially, we could be
required to increase our capital expenditures, which could negatively impact our ﬁnancial condition. We cannot predict developments in federal or state laws or
regulations governing environmental, health and safety or energy matters, or how these changes may affect our business or financial condition.
Currently, multiple legislative and regulatory measures to address greenhouse gas (including carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxides) and other
emissions are in various phases of consideration, promulgation or implementation. These include actions to develop national, statewide or regional programs,
each of which could require reductions in our greenhouse gas or other emissions and decrease the demand for our reﬁned products. Requiring reductions in
these emissions could result in increased costs to (i) operate and maintain our facilities, (ii) install new emission controls at our facilities and (iii) administer and
manage any emissions programs, including acquiring emission credits or allotments. For example:
0 In California, the state legislature adopted SB 32 in 2016. SB 32 set a cap on emissions of 40% below 1990 levels by 2030 but did not establish a
particular mechanism to achieve that target. The legislature also adopted a companion bill -AB 197 that most signiﬁcantly directs the California Air
Resources Board to prioritize direct emission reductions on large stationary sources. While AB 197 does not speciﬁcally preclude a market mechanism,
it is expected to result in future regulations that will target greenhouse gas reductions at reﬁneries, in addition to the mandates imposed by the existing
cap and trade and low carbon fuel standard programs created by AB 32. AB 32 requires the state to reduce its greenhouse gas ("GHG”) emissions to
1990 levels by 2020. Two regulations implemented to achieve this goal are Cap-and-Trade and the Low Carbon Fuel Standard ("LCFS"). In 2012, the
California Air Resource Board implemented Cap-and-Trade. This program currently places a cap on GHGs and we are required to acquire a sufﬁcient
number of credits to cover emissions from our reﬁneries and our in-state sales of gasoline, diesel, and some LPGs. In 2009, CARB adopted the LCFS,
which requires a 10% reduction in the carbon intensity of gasoline and diesel by 2020. Compliance is demonstrated by blending lower carbon intensity
biofuels into gasoline and diesel or by purchasing credits. Compliance with each of these programs is demonstrated through a market-based credit
system. If we are unable to pass the costs of compliance on to our customers, sufﬁcient credits are unavailable for purchase, we have to pay a
signiﬁcantly higher price for credits, or if we are otherwise unable to meet our compliance obligation, our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations
could be adversely affected.
0 In California, the Board for the South Coast Air Quality Management District passed amendments to the RECLAIM on December 4, 2015. The RECLAIM
Amendments became effective in 2016 and require a staged reduction of NOx through 2022.
18 | Tesoro Corporation