ﬁ© GONSOA WW” “W ]
RETIREMENT PLAN ASSETS
INVESTMENT POLICIES AND STRATEGIBSe assets supporting the Retirement Plan are invested using a total return investment approach (including
dividends, interest, and realized and unrealized capital appreciation) whereby a mix of equity securities, ﬁxed income securities and other investments are used
to preserve asset values, diversify risk and achieve our target investment return. Plan assets are managed in a diversiﬁed portfolio comprised of two primary
components: an equity portion and a ﬁxed income portion. The expected role of the plan’s equity investments is to maximize the long-term real growth of plan
assets, while the role of ﬁxed income investments is to generate current income, lower funded status volatility, provide for more stable periodic returns and
provide protection against a prolonged decline in the equity markets. Investment strategies and asset allocation decisions are based on careful consideration of
risk tolerance, plan liabilities, the plan’s funded status and our ﬁnancial condition. Our target allocation is as follows: 45% long duration ﬁxed income, 30%
equity and 25% other investments comprised primarily of assets that provide protection in inflationary periods and investments, which target a return regardless
of market conditions. Our actual allocation of retirement plan assets at December 31, 2016 were 44% long duration ﬁxed income, 33% equity and 23% other
investments.
FAIR VALUE OF PLAN ASSET/Se classify plan assets into three classiﬁcations or levels in the fair value hierarchy. Our level 1 investments include equity,
ﬁxed income and other mutual funds, which are based on market quotations from national securities exchanges. Level 2 investments include short-term
investment funds and common/collective trust funds, which are valued at the net asset value of the fund as determined by the fund manager along with
individual ﬁxed income securities valued on the basis of evaluated prices from independent pricing services. When market prices are not readily available, the
determination of fair value may rely on factors such as signiﬁcant market activity or security speciﬁc events, changes in interest rates and credit quality, and
developments in foreign markets. We did not hold any level 3 assets in our investments as of December 31, 2016 and 2015. We do not believe that there are any
significant concentrations of risk within our plan assets.
RETIREMENT PLAN’S MAJOR ASSET CATEGORIES MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE (in millions)
December 31, 2016 December 31, 2015
Asset Category Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Mutual funds (a) S 332 S — S — S 332 S 103 S 49 S — S 152
Common/collective trust funds (b) — 91 — 91 — 76 — 76
Fixed income (c) — — — — — 155 — 155
Short-term investment funds (d) — 2 — 2 — 7 — 7
Total S 332 S 93 S — S 425 S 103 S 287 S — S 390
(a) Mutual funds that invest primarily in domestic and international equity and ﬁxed income securities. Fair values are based on market quotations from national
securities exchanges. Absolute return and real return mutual funds consist of investments in mutual funds that invest in a broad set of asset classes designed to
provide a target return regardless of market conditions or the potential for real returns in excess of U.S. inﬂation, respectively. The ﬁxed income mutual funds
provide diversiﬁed exposure to high credit quality, long-term and short-term, U.S. investment grade bonds. All mutual funds and a U.S. equity mutual fund are
categorized as level 1 investments.
(b) Common/collective trust funds that invest in primarily equity and ﬁxed income securities. Fair values reﬂect the net asset value per share, as determined by the
investment manager and derived from the quoted prices in active markets of the underlying securities. Common/collective trust funds are classiﬁed as level 2
investments.
(c) Fixed income assets represent securities primarily invested in corporate, government-related, mortgage and asset-backed debt obligations with a primary focus on
long duration securities. Individual fixed income securities are typically priced on the basis of evaluated prices from independent pricing services.
(d) The short-term investment funds provide for safety of principal and daily liquidity and is valued using the net asset value per share. These assets are classiﬁed as
level 2 investments.
100 | Tesoro Corporation