amount of any increase or decrease in the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby shall be made by the Trustee, the Depositary
or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, in accordance with instructions given by the Holder thereof as required by ,S.e,c,ti,on,2.0,6, hereof.
Section 2.02 Execution and Authentication.
At least one Ofﬁcer shall sign the Notes for each of the Issuers by manual or facsimile signature. If an Ofﬁcer of the Issuers whose signature is on a Note
no longer holds that office at the time a Note is authenticated, the Note shall nevertheless be valid. ANote shall not be valid until authenticated by the
manual signature of the Trustee. The signature shall be conclusive evidence that the Note has been authenticated under this Indenture.
The Trustee will, upon receipt of a written order of the Issuers signed by two Ofﬁcers of each Issuer (an “Authentication Order”), authenticate Notes for
original issue that may be validly issued under this Indenture, including any Additional Notes. The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any
time may not exceed the aggregate principal amount of Notes authorized for issuance by the Issuers pursuant to one or more Authentication Orders, except as
provided in Section}. 01 hereof
The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent acceptable to the Issuers to authenticate Notes. An authenticating agent may authenticate Notes
whenever the Trustee may do so. Each reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such agent. An authenticating
agent has the same rights as an Agent to deal with Holders or an Afﬁliate of the Issuers.
Section 2.03 Registrar and Paying Agent.
The Issuers shall maintain an ofﬁce or agency where Notes may be presented for registration of transfer or for exchange (“Registrar”) and an ofﬁce or
agency where Notes may be presented for payment (“Péayiingﬁgent”). The Registrar shall keep a register of the Notes and of their transfer and exchange. The
Issuers may appoint one or more co-registrars and one or more additional paying agents. The term “Registrar” includes any co-registrar and the term “Paying
Agent” includes any additional paying agent. The Issuers may change any Paying Agent or Registrar without notice to any Holder. The Issuers shall notify
the Trustee in writing of the name and address of any Agent not a party to this Indenture. If the Issuers fail to appoint or maintain another entity as Registrar
or Paying Agent, the Trustee shall act as such. TLLP, Finance Corp. or any of TLLP’s Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent or Registrar.
The Issuers initially appoint The Depository Trust Company (“1111C”) to act as Depositary with respect to the Global Notes.
The Issuers initially appoint the Trustee to act as the Registrar and Paying Agent and to act as Custodian with respect to the Global Notes.
Section 2.04 Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust.
The Issuers shall require each Paying Agent other than the Trustee to agree in writing that the Paying Agent shall hold in trust for the beneﬁt of Holders
or the Trustee all money held by the Paying Agent for the payment of principal of, or premium or interest, if any, on the Notes, and shall notify the Trustee of
any default by the Issuers in making any such payment. While any such default continues, the Trustee may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by
it to the Trustee. The Issuers at any time may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee. Upon payment over to the Trustee, the Paying
Agent (if other than TLLP or a Subsidiary) shall have no further liability for the money. If TLLP or a Subsidiary acts as Paying Agent, it shall segregate and
hold in a separate trust fund for the beneﬁt of the Holders all money held by it as Paying Agent. Upon any bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings relating
to TLLP, the Trustee shall serve as Paying Agent for the Notes.
Section 2.05 Holder Lists.
The Trustee shall preserve in as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names and addresses of all Holders
and shall otherwise comply with TIA § 312(a). If the Trustee is not the Registrar, the Issuers shall provide to a Responsible Ofﬁcer of the Trustee at least seven
Business Days before each Interest Payment Date and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, a list in such form and as of such date as the
Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of the Holders of Notes and the Issuers shall otherwise comply with TIA § 312(a).
-20-