(9) that Holders whose Notes were purchased only in part will be issued new Notes equal in principal amount to the unpurchased portion of the
Notes surrendered (or transferred by book-entry transfer).
On or before the Purchase Date, the Issuers will, to the extent lawful, accept for payment, on a pro rata basis to the extent necessary, the Offer Amount
of Notes or portions thereof tendered pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer, or if less than the Offer Amount has been tendered, all Notes tendered, and will deliver
or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Oﬁicers’ Certiﬁcate stating that such Notes or portions thereof were
accepted for payment by the Issuers in accordance with the terms of this ,S,e,c,ti,on,3,.0,9,. The Issuers, the Depositary or the Paying Agent, as the case may be,
will promptly (but in any case not later than ﬁve days after the Purchase Date) mail or deliver to each tendering Holder an amount equal to the purchase price
of the Notes tendered by such Holder and accepted by the Issuers for purchase, and the Issuers will promptly issue a new Note, and the Trustee, upon written
request from the Issuers, will authenticate and mail or deliver (or cause to be transferred by book entry) such new Note to such Holder, in a principal amount
equal to any unpurchased portion of the Note surrendered. Any Note not so accepted shall be promptly mailed or delivered by the Issuers to the Holder
thereof. The Issuers will publicly announce the results of the Asset Sale Offer on the Purchase Date.
Other than as speciﬁcally provided in this Sectioniﬁg, any purchase pursuant to this Section 3 .09 shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Sections
1071 through 1.06, hereof.
ARTICLE 4
COVENANTS
Section 4.01 Payment of Notes.
The Issuers will pay or cause to be paid the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, the Notes on the dates and in the manner provided in the
Notes. Principal, premium, if any, and interest will be considered paid on the date due if the Paying Agent, if other than the TLLP or a Subsidiary thereof,
holds as of 11:00 am. Eastern Time on the due date money deposited by the Issuers in immediately available funds and designated for and sufﬁcient to pay
all principal, premium, if any, and interest then due.
Section 4.02 Maintenance of Oﬂice orAgency.
The Issuers will maintain in the Borough of Manhattan, the City of New York, an ofﬁce or agency (which may be an ofﬁce of the Trustee or an afﬁliate
of the Trustee, Registrar or co—registrar) where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange and where notices and demands to or upon
the Issuers in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. The Issuers will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change
in the location, of such ofﬁce or agency. If at any time the Issuers fail to maintain any such required ofﬁce or agency or fail to fumish the Trustee with the
address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Ofﬁce of the Trustee.
The Issuers may also from time to time designate one or more other ofﬁces or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all
such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided, however, that no such designation or rescission will in any manner relieve the
Issuers of their obligation to maintain an ofﬁce or agency in the Borough of Manhattan, the City of New York for such purposes. The Issuers will give prompt
written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other ofﬁce or agency.
The Issuers hereby designate the Corporate Trust Ofﬁce of the Trustee as one such ofﬁce or agency of the Issuers in accordance with S,e,c,tion,2,.0,3,
hereof.
Section 4.03 Reports.
(a) Whether or not required by the rules and regulations of the SEC, so long as any Notes are outstanding, T LLP shall ﬁlmish (whether through hard
copy or Internet access) to the Holders of Notes or cause the Trustee to fumish to the Holders of Notes, within the time periods speciﬁed in the SEC’s rules
and regulations:
(1) all quarterly and annual reports that would be required to be ﬁled with the SEC on Forms 10-Q and 10-K if TLLP were required to ﬁle such
reports, including a “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”; and
(2) all current reports that would be required to be ﬁled with the SEC on Form 8-K if TLLP were required to ﬁle such reports.
-29-