[REVERSE OF NOTE]
Capitalized terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated.
1.1nterest. Tesoro Logistics LP, a Delaware limited partnership (“TLLP”) and Tesoro Logistics Finance Corp., a Delaware corporation (“EinanceiOorpj
and, together with TLLP, the “Issuers”), promise to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at 6.375% per annum from May 12, 2016 until maturity.
The Issuers will pay interest semi—annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, or if any such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding
Business Day (each an “Interest Payment Date”). Interest on the Notes will accrue from the mo st recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest
has been paid, from the date of original issuance; provided that if there is no existing Default in the payment of interest, and if this Note is authenticated
between a record date referred to on the face hereof and the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, interest shall accrue from such next succeeding Interest
Payment Date, except in the case of the original issuance of Notes, in which case interest shall accrue from the date of authentication; provided, further, that
the ﬁrst Interest Payment Date shall be November 1, 2016. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.
2. Method of Payment. The Issuers will pay interest on the Notes (except defaulted interest) to the Persons who are registered Holders of Notes at the
close of business on the April 15 and October 15 next preceding the Interest Payment Date, even if such Notes are canceled after such record date and on or
before such Interest Payment Date, except as provided in Section 2.12 of the Indenture with respect to defaulted interest. The Notes will be payable as to
principal, premium and interest at the oﬁice or agency of the Issuers maintained for such purpose within or without the City and State of New York, or, at the
option of the Issuers, payment of interest may be made by check mailed to the Holders at their addresses set forth in the register of Holders, and provided that
payment by wire transfer of immediately available funds will be required with respect to principal of, and interest and premium, if any, on, all Global Notes
and all other Notes the Holders of which shall have provided wire transfer instructions to the Issuers or the Paying Agent to an account in the United States.
Such payment shall be in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private
debts.
3. Paying Agent and Registrar. Initially, US. Bank National Association, the Trustee under the Indenture, will act as Paying Agent and Registrar. The
Issuers may change any Paying Agent or Registrar without notice to any Holder. TLLP or any of its Subsidiaries may act in any such capacity.
4.1ndenture. The Issuers issued the Notes under an Indenture dated as of May 12, 2016 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modiﬁed from time to
time, the “Indenture”) among the Issuers, the Guarantors and the Trustee. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of
the Indenture by reference to the TIA. The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of such
terms. To the extent any provision of this Note conﬂicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be
controlling. The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuers. The Indenture does not limit the aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be issued
thereunder.
5. Guarantee. To guarantee the due and punctual payment of the principal, premium, if any, and interest (including post-petition interest in any
proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on the Notes and all other amounts payable by the Issuers under the Indenture and the Notes when and as the same
shall be due and payable, whether at maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, according to the terms of the Notes and the Indenture, the Guarantors have
unconditionally guaranteed (and future guarantors, together with the Guarantors, shall unconditionally Guarantee), jointly and severally, such obligations on
an unsecured senior basis pursuant to the terms of the Indenture.
6. Optional Redemption.
(a) On or after May 1, 2019, the Issuers may redeem all or a part of the Notes at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount) set
forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes redeemed, to, but excluding, the applicable Redemption Date, if redeemed during the twelve-
month period beginning on May 1 of each year indicated below, subject to the rights of Holders of Notes on the relevant record date to receive interest on the
relevant Interest Payment Date:
Year Percentage
2019 104.7 8 1 %
2020 103 .1 8 8 %
2021 101 .5 94 %
2022 and thereafter 100.000 %
A-3