extent lawful on any interest not paid on such unpaid principal, in each case at the rate provided in the Notes and in Section 4.01 hereof.
Section 3.06 Notes Redeemed or Purchased in Part.
Upon surrender of a Note that is redeemed or purchased in part, the Issuers will issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, the Trustee will
authenticate for the Holder at the expense of the Issuers a new Note equal in principal amount to the unredeemed or unpurchased portion of the Note
surrendered.
Section 3.07 Optional Redemption.
(a)
(1) At any time prior to January 15, 2020, the Issuers may on any one or more occasions redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of
the Notes (including any Additional Notes) issued under this Indenture at a redemption price of 105.250% of the principal amount with an amount not
to exceed the net cash proceeds of one or more Equity Offerings, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the Redemption Date (subject to
the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date that is on or prior to the Redemption Date);
provided that:
(i) at least 65% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes originally issued under this Indenture (excluding Notes held by TLLP and its
Subsidiaries and excluding any Additional Notes) remains outstanding immediately after the occurrence of such redemption; and
(ii) the redemption occurs Within 180 days of the date of the closing of such Equity Offering.
(2) On or after January 15, 2021, the Issuers may redeem all or a part of the Notes at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal
amount) set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes redeemed, to, but excluding, the applicable Redemption Date, if redeemed
during the twelve-month period beginning on January 15 of each year indicated below, subject to the rights of Holders of Notes on the relevant record
date to receive interest on the relevant Interest Payment Date:
Year Percentage
2021 102 .625 %
2022 101 .3 13 %
2023 and thereafter 100.000 %
(3) At any time prior to January 15, 2021, the Issuers may also redeem all or a part of the Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the
principal amount of Notes redeemed plus the Applicable Premium as of, and accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date
(the "RedemptionDate"), subject to the rights of Holders of Notes on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment
Date. The notice need not set forth the Applicable Premium but only the manner of calculation of the redemption price. With respect to any redemption
pursuant to this Section 3 .07(a)(3), the Issuers shall notify the Trustee of the Applicable Premium with respect to the Notes promptly after the
calculation thereof and the Trustee shall not be responsible for such calculation.
(b) Any redemption pursuant to this Section 3.07 shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Sections 3.01 through 3.06 hereof.
(0) Unless the Issuers default in the payment of the redemption price, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption
on the applicable Redemption Date.
Section 3.08 Mandatory Redemption.
Neither of the Issuers is required to make mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.
The Issuers are not prohibited from acquiring the Notes by means other than a redemption, whether pursuant to a tender offer, open market purchase or
otherwise, so long as the acquisition does not violate the terms of this Indenture.
Section 3.09 Offer to Purchase by Application of Excess Proceeds.
In the event that, pursuant to Section £1.10, hereof, the Issuers are required to commence an offer to all Holders to purchase Notes (an “Asse,t,SalenOffer”),
it will follow the procedures speciﬁed below.
-28-