The intrastate operation of TLLP’s Alaska pipeline is regulated by the Plains System in North Dakota are regulated by the North Dakota Public
Regulatory Commission of Alaska. The state regulatory authorities require Service Commission. Applicable state law requires that pipelines operate as
that we notify shippers of proposed tariff increases to provide the shippers common carriers, that access to transportation services and pipeline rates be
an opportunity to protest the increases. In addition to challenges to new or non-discriminatory, that if more crude oil is offered for transportation than
proposed rates, challenges to existing intrastate rates are permitted by can be transported immediately the crude oil volumes transported be
complaint of an interested person or by independent action of the apportioned equitably and that pipeline rates bejust and reasonable.
appropriate regulatory authority. The intrastate operations of TLLP’s High
WORKING CAPITAL EMPLOYEES
We fund our business operations through a combination of available We had more than 6,300 full-time employees at December 31, 2016,
cash and equivalents and cash ﬂows generated from operations. In addition, approximately 2,090 of whom are full-time represented union employees
our revolving lines of credit are available for additional working capital covered by collective bargaining agreements. The agreements for
needs. For additional information regarding working capital see "Capital approximately 1,750 of these employees will expire on February 1, 2019, the
Resources and Liquidity” in Item 7. agreements for approximately 80 of these employees will expire on March 1,
2017, and the agreements for the remaining represented employees expire
on May 1, 2019.
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
The following is a list of our executive officers, their ages and their positions at Tesoro, effective as of February 21, 2017.
There are no family relationships among the officers listed, and there are no arrangements or understandings pursuant to which any of them were elected as
officers. Officers are elected annually by our Board of Directors (the ”Board”) in conjunction with the annual meeting of stockholders. The term of each office
runs until the corresponding meeting of the Board in the next year or until a successor has been elected or qualiﬁed. Positions held for at least the past five years
for each of our executive officers are described below (positions, unless otherwise specified, are with Tesoro).
Gregory J. Goff, 60, was named President and Chief Executive Officer in May 2010 and Chairman of our Board of Directors in December 2014. Mr. Goff also
serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Tesoro Logistics GP, LLC (”TLGP”), the general partner of TLLP. Since March 2015, Mr.
Goff has served as Chairman of the Board of the American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers. Before joining Tesoro, he served as Senior Vice President,
Commercial for ConocoPhillips Corporation (“ConocoPhillips”), an international, integrated energy company, from 2008 to 2010. Mr. Goff held various
positions at ConocoPhillips from 1981 to 2008, including Managing Director and CEO of Conoco JET Nordic from 1998 to 2000; Chairman and Managing
Director of Conoco Limited, a UK-based reﬁning and marketing afﬁliate, from 2000 to 2002; President of ConocoPhillips Europe and Asia Paciﬁc downstream
operations from 2002 to 2004; President of ConocoPhillips specialty businesses and business development from 2006 to 2008; and President of ConocoPhillips
specialty businesses and business development from 2006 to 2008. Mr. Goff serves as Chairman of the Board of the American Fuel and Petrochemical
Manufacturers trade association and on the National Advisory Board of the University of Utah Business School. Previously, Mr. Goff served on the board of
Chevron Phillips Chemical Company and was a member of the upstream and downstream committees of the American Petroleum Institute. In addition, Mr. Goff
has public company experience from his prior service on the board of directors of DCP Midstream GP, LLC. Mr. Goff received a Bachelor’s degree in Science and
Master’s degree in Business Administration from the University of Utah.
Keith M. Casey, 50, was named Executive Vice President, Marketing and Commercial in August 2016. Prior to his current role, Mr. Casey served as Executive
Vice President, Operations, since May 2014. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President, Strategy and Business Development beginning in April 2013. Prior
to joining Tesoro, Mr. Casey served as Vice President, BP Products North America, Texas City Refinery beginning in September 2006.
14 | Tesoro Corporation