covering the property in Contra Costa County, California described in Exhibit A to the Master Lease, as such lease (and the Exhibits
thereto) exists as of the Effective Date.
“Material Adverse Effect” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(a).
“Omnibus Agreement” means that certain Third Amended and Restated Omnibus Agreement dated as of July 1, 2014, among
Tesoro, TRMC, Tesoro Companies, Inc., Tesoro Alaska Company LLC, the General Partner and the Partnership, as such agreement
(and the Schedules thereto) may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time.
“QperatingCompany” has the meaning set forth in the introduction to this Agreement.
“Partnership” has the meaning set forth in the introduction to this Agreement.
“Partnership Agreement” means the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Partnership, dated as
of April 26, 2011, as such agreement may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time.
“Partnership Contribution” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.
“Partnership Group” has the meaning set forth in the Omnibus Agreement.
“Party” or “Parties” have the meanings given to those terms in the introduction to this Agreement.
“RermittednLiens” has the meaning set forth in ,S,e,ction,2,.1(,a).
“BurchasePrice” means $400,000,000.
“RealPropertyAssets” means the real property assets underlying the Tankage.
“RescissionEvent” has the meaning set forth in Sectionj .1.
“Secondment and Logistics Services Agreement” means that certain Secondment and Logistics Services Agreement dated as of
July 1, 2014, as may be amended, modiﬁed or supplemented from time to time, among Tesoro, TRMC, the General Partner, the
Partnership, Tesoro Logistics Pipeline LLC, Tesoro High Plains Pipeline Company LLC, Tesoro Alaska Company LLC, QEP Field
Services, LLC, QEP Midstream Partners Operating, LLC, QEP Midstream Partners GP, LLC and QEPM Gathering I, LLC.
“Tankage” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
“Iesoro” has the meaning set forth in the introduction to this Agreement.
"Iransactionllocuments" has the meaning set forth in Sectionjnéfa).
“Ireasury,Regulations” means the regulations (including temporary regulations) promulgated by the United States Department
of the Treasury pursuant to and in respect of provisions
4
80950117