l
PENSION FUNDING
We provide a qualiﬁed deﬁned beneﬁt retirement plan for all eligible employees, with beneﬁts based age and compensation. Our long-term expected return
on plan assets is 6.50% as of December 31, 2016, and the actual return on our funded employee pension plan assets was a $30 million, or 7.1%, gain in 2016
and a $15 million, or 3.8%, loss in 2015. Based on a 4.12% discount rate and fair values of plan assets as of December 31, 2016, the assets in our funded
employee pension plan were equal to approximately 54% of the projected beneﬁt obligation. For funding purposes, the Moving Ahead for Progress in the let
Century Act, as signed into law in July 2012 and later modiﬁed by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (“BBA”) stipulates that the discount rate must remain within
a speciﬁed corridor of a 25-year average corporate bond rate, with such corridor widening from 10% to 30% between 2012 and 2024. On the BBA basis, the
adjusted funding target attainment percentage (a funding status measure deﬁned under applicable pension funding regulations) was 101% at January 1, 2016.
Although our funded employee retirement plan fully meets all of the funding requirements under applicable laws and regulations, we contributed $60 million
during 2016 to improve the plan’s funded status. Future contributions are affected by returns on plan assets, discount rates, employee demographics, regulatory
environments and other factors. See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 for additional information on our benefit plans.
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Our signiﬁcant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements in Item 8. We prepare our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements in conformity with US. GAAP, which require us to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in the
consolidated ﬁnancial statements and accompanying footnotes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. For additional information concerning certain
estimates and assumptions, see the respective footnotes to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements in Item 8. We believe that the following discussion addresses
our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations and require
management’s most difficult, subjective and complex judgments.
IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSE‘dSﬁg-lived assets (which include property, plant, and equipment, intangible assets with deﬁned useful lives, deferred
reﬁnery turnaround and catalyst costs) are evaluated for potential impairment when an asset disposition is probable or when there are indicators of impairment
(for example, current period operating losses combined with a history of operating losses or a temporary shutdown of a reﬁnery) and, if so, assessing whether
the asset net book values are recoverable from estimated future undiscounted cash ﬂows. The actual amount of an impairment loss to be recorded, if any, is
equal to the amount by which the asset’s net book value exceeds its fair market value. Fair market value is based on the present values of estimated future cash
flows in the absence of quoted market prices. Estimates of future cash ﬂows and fair market values of assets require subjective assumptions with regard to
several factors, including an assessment of global market conditions, future operating results and forecasts of the remaining useful lives of the assets. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. Providing sensitivity analysis if other assumptions were used in performing the impairment evaluations is not
practicable due to the significant number of assumptions involved in the estimates.
GOODWILL AND OTHER IDENTIFIED INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH IN DEFINITCEobMEHJepresents the excess of the consideration paid over the fair
value of the net assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill acquired in a business combination is not amortized, but instead tested for impairment at
least annually or more frequently should an event occur or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may be impaired. Such events or circumstances may
be a signiﬁcant change in business climate, economic and industry trends, legal factors, negative operating performance indicators, signiﬁcant competition,
changes in strategy, or disposition of a reporting unit or a portion thereof. Goodwill impairment testing is performed at the reporting unit level on November 1
of each year and when circumstances change that might indicate impairment.
We test goodwill for impairment by performing an optional qualitative assessment process and/or using a two-step quantitative assessment process. If we
choose to perform a qualitative assessment process and determine it is more likely than not (that is, a likelihood of more than 50 percent) that the carrying value
of the net assets is more than the fair value of the reporting unit, the two-step quantitative assessment process is then performed; otherwise, no further testing is
required. We may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment process and, instead, proceed directly to the two-step quantitative assessment process. For
reporting units where the two-step quantitative assessment process is performed, the ﬁrst step involves comparing the carrying value of net assets, including
goodwill, to the fair value of the reporting unit. If the fair value exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered impaired and the second step of the
process is unnecessary. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit’s goodwill exceeds its fair value, the second step measures the impairment loss, if any.
December 31, 2016 | 55