oaimmo ]
GLOSSARY OF TERMS
Alkylation - A process that chemically combines isobutane with other Fluid Catalytic Cracking- A process that breaks down larger, heavier,
hydrocarbons through the control of temperature and pressure in the and more complex hydrocarbon molecules into simpler and lighter
presence of an acid catalyst. This process produces alkylates, which have a molecules through the use of a catalytic agent and is used to increase the
high octane value and are blended into gasoline to improve octane values. yield of gasoline. Fluid catalytic cracking uses a catalyst in the form of very
fine particles, which behave as a fluid when aerated with a vapor.
API -American Petroleum Institute - The main US. trade association for
the oil and natural gas industry. Fractionation -The process of separating natural gas liquids into its
component parts by heating the natural gas liquid stream and boiling off the
AP] GraVity ' A scale for denoting the lightness 0|” heaVineSS 01‘ CiUde Oil various fractions in sequence from the lighter to the heavier hydrocarbon.
and other liquid hydrocarbons. Calibrated in APl degrees (or degrees API), it is
used universally to express a crude oil’s relative density in an inverse Fuel Margin ' The margin on fuel PFOdUCtS $0id through our Marketing
measure _ the lighter the crude, the higher the API gravity] and vice versa. segment calculated as revenues less cost of sales. Cost of sales in fuel margin
are based on purchases from our reﬁning segment and third parties using
Blendstocks - Components used for blending or compounding into average bulk market prices adjusted for transportation and other
ﬁnished jet or gasoline (e.g., straight-run gasoline, alkylate, reformulate, differentials.
benzene, toluene, and xylene). Excludes oxygenates (alcohols, ethers), butane
and pentanes_ Gas Processing- A complex industrial process designed to remove the
heavier and more valuable natural gas liquids components from raw natural
Calcining - A process whereby green or raw petroleum coke from the gas allowing the residue gas remaining after extraction to meet the quality
reﬁning process is converted to a high grade coke by thermally treating it to specifications for long-haul pipeline transportation or commercial use.
remove moisture and volatile combustible matter. The upgraded high grade
calcined eokeis typically used by the aluminum industry. Gross Refining Margin - The margin on products manufactured and
purchased, including those sold to our Marketing segment. Gross reﬁning
CARB - California Air Resources Board - Gasoline and diesel fuel sold in margin is the difference between the prices of all manufactured reﬁned
the state of California are regulated by CARB and require stricter quality and products sold and the cost ofcrude oil and other feedstocks used to produce
emiSSiOnS redUCtiOn Performance than reqUired by Other StateS- refined products, including the cost of transportation and distribution.
CraCking 'The Process 0f breaking dOWn Ial’ger hydrocarbon meieCUieS Heavy Crude Oil- Crude oil with an API gravity of 24 degrees or less.
into smaller molecules using catalysts and/or elevated temperatures and Heavy crude oil is typically sold at a discount to lighter crude oil.
pressures.
Heavy Fuel Oils, Residual Products, Internally Produced Fuel and Other
D&A - Depreciation and amortization expenses. Products other than gasoline, jet fuel and diesel fuel produced in the reﬁning
process. These products include residual fuels, gas oils, propane, petroleum
Deasphalting - A solvent extraction process of recovering higher-value coke, asphalt and internally produced fuel.
oils from refining residues.
Hydrocracking - A process that uses a catalyst to crack heavy
Delayed Coking - A process by which the heaviest crude oil fractions can hydrocarbon molecules in the presence of hydrogen. Major products from
be thermally cracked under conditions of elevated temperatures to produce hydrocracking are distillates, naphtha, propane and gasoline components
both refined products and petroleum coke. such as butane.
Exchange Arrangement - An agreement providing for the delivery of Hydrotreating - A process that removes sulfur from reﬁned products in
crude oil or reﬁned products to/from a third party, in exchange for the the presence of catalysts and substantial quantities of hydrogen to reduce
delivery of crude oil or refined products to/from the third party. sulfur dioxide emissions that result from the use of the products.
FERC - Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. lsomerization - A process that alters the fundamental arrangement of
atoms in the molecule without adding or removing anything from the original
material. The process is used to convert normal butane into isobutane and
normal pentane into isopentane and hexane into isohexane.
2 | Tesoro Corporation