Second: to Holders of Notes for amounts due and unpaid on the Notes for principal, premium and interest ratably, without preference or priority
of any kind, according to the amounts due and payable on the Notes for principal, premium, if any, and interest respectively; and
Third: to the Issuers or to such party as a court of competent jurisdiction shall direct.
The Trustee may ﬁx a record date and payment date for any payment to Holders of Notes pursuant to this Section 6.10.
Section 6.1 1 Undertaking for Costs.
In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as a
Trustee, a court in its discretion may require the ﬁling by any party litigant in the suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of the suit, and the court in its
discretion may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, against any party litigant in the suit, having due regard to the merits and good
faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant. This Section 6.1 1 does not apply to a suit by the Trustee, a suit by a Holder of a Note pursuant to
Section 6.07 hereof, or a suit by Holders of more than 10% in aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes.
ARTICLE 7
TRUSTEE
Section 7.01 Duties of Trustee.
(a) If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee will exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by
this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise thereof, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the
conduct of such person’s own affairs.
(b) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default:
(1) the duties of the Trustee will be determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture and the Trustee need perform only those duties
that are speciﬁcally set forth in this Indenture and no others, and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the
Trustee. To the extent of any conﬂict between the duties of the Trustee hereunder and under the TIA, the TIA shall control; and
(2) in the absence of willﬁJl misconduct or bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the
correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certiﬁcates or opinions ﬁlmished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this
Indenture. However, in the case of any such certiﬁcates or opinions which by any provision hereof are speciﬁcally required to be fumished to the
Trustee, the Trustee will examine the certiﬁcates and opinions to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need
not conﬁrm or investigate the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein).
(0) The Trustee may not be relieved from liabilities for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act, or its own Willflll misconduct, except
that:
(1) this paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b) of this SectionanL;
(2) the Trustee will not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Ofﬁcer, unless it is proved that the Trustee was
negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; and
(3) the Trustee will not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received by it
pursuant to Sectionéﬂj hereof.
((1) Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee is subject to paragraphs (a), (b),
and (c) of this Section 7.01.
(e) No provision of this Indenture will require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or incur any liability. The Trustee will be under no obligation
to exercise any of its rights and powers under this Indenture at the request of any Holders, unless such Holder has offered to the Trustee security and
indemnity satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense.
(f) The Trustee will not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Issuers. Money held in
trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.
-47-