Section 2.08 Outstanding Notes.
The Notes outstanding at any time are all the Notes authenticated by the Trustee except for those canceled by it, those delivered to it for cancellation,
those reductions in the interest in a Global Note effected by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions hereof, and those described in this Section as not
outstanding. Except as set forth in Section,2,.0,9, hereof, a Note does not cease to be outstanding because the Issuers or an Afﬁliate of the Issuers holds the
Note.
Ifa Note is replaced pursuant to Section 2.91 hereof, it ceases to be outstanding unless the Trustee receives proof satisfactory to it that the replaced
Note is held by a bona ﬁde purchaser.
Ifthe principal amount of any Note is considered paid under Section 4.01 hereof, it ceases to be outstanding and interest on it ceases to accrue.
Ifthe Paying Agent (other than the Issuers, a Subsidiary of the Issuers or an Afﬁliate of any thereof) holds, on a Redemption Date or maturity date,
money sufﬁcient to pay Notes payable on that date, then on and after that date such Notes shall be deemed to be no longer outstanding and shall cease to
accrue interest.
Section 2.09 Treasury Notes.
In determining whether the Holders of the required principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent, Notes owned by the
Issuers, or by any Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with the Issuers, shall be considered as
though not outstanding, except that for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, waiver or
consent, only Notes that a Responsible Ofﬁcer of the Trustee actually knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Notes that
the Issuers, a Subsidiary of the Issuers or an Afﬁliate of the Issuers oﬁ‘ers to purchase or acquires pursuant to an oﬁ‘er, exchange offer, tender offer or otherwise
shall not be deemed to be owned by the Issuers, such Subsidiary or such Affiliate until legal title to such Notes passes to the Issuers, such Subsidiary or such
Afﬁliate, as the case may be.
Section 2.10 Temporary Notes.
Until Deﬁnitive Notes are ready for delivery, the Issuers may prepare and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, shall authenticate
temporary Notes. Temporary Notes shall be substantially in the form of Deﬁnitive Notes but may have variations that the Issuers considers appropriate for
temporary Notes and as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. Without unreasonable delay, the Issuers shall prepare and the Trustee shall authenticate
Deﬁnitive Notes in exchange for temporary Notes.
Holders of temporary Notes shall be entitled to all of the beneﬁts of this Indenture.
Section 2.11 Cancellation.
The Issuers at any time may deliver Notes to the Trustee for cancellation. The Registrar and Paying Agent shall forward to the Trustee any Notes
surrendered to them for registration of transfer, exchange or payment. The Trustee and no one else shall cancel all Notes surrendered for registration of
transfer, exchange, payment, replacement or cancellation and shall return such canceled Notes to the Issuers. The Issuers may not issue new Notes to replace
Notes that they have paid or that have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation.
Section 2.12 Defaulted Interest.
Ifthe Issuers default in a payment of interest on the Notes, they shall pay the defaulted interest in any lawful manner plus, to the extent lawiul, interest
payable on the defaulted interest, to the Persons who are Holders on a subsequent special record date, in each case at the rate provided in the Notes and in
Section 4.01 hereof. The Issuers shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of defaulted interest proposed to be paid on each Note and the date
of the proposed payment. The Issuers shall ﬁx or cause to be ﬁxed each such special record date and payment date, provided that no such special record date
shall be less than 10 days prior to the related payment date for such defaulted interest. At least 15 days before the special record date, the Issuers (or, upon the
written request of the Issuers, the Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Issuers) shall mail or cause to be mailed to Holders a notice that states the
special record date, the related payment date and the amount of such interest to be paid.
Section 2.13 Issuance of Additional Notes.
The Issuers shall be entitled to issue Additional Notes under this Indenture which shall have identical terms as the Initial Notes issued on the Issue
Date, other than with respect to the date of issuance and issue price and ﬁrst payment of interest. With respect to
-2 5-