ﬁ© GONSOA ]
durations of less than one year as of December 31, 2016. Our positions are monitored daily by our trading controls group to ensure compliance with our risk
management policies.
We mark-to-market our derivative instruments and recognize the changes in their fair values, realized or unrealized, in either revenues or cost of sales in our
statements of consolidated operations, depending on the purpose for acquiring and holding the derivatives. All derivatives are recorded and carried at fair value
in receivables, other current assets or accounts payable in our consolidated balance sheets. Margin deposits represent cash collateral paid between our
counterparties and us to support our commodity contracts. We net our asset and liability positions associated with multiple derivative instruments that are
executed with the same counterparty under master netting arrangements.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
The carrying value of certain of our ﬁnancial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, receivables, accounts payable and certain accrued liabilities
approximate fair value primarily because of the short-term maturities of these instruments. The borrowings under the Tesoro Corporation revolving credit
facility (our "Revolving Credit Facility”), the TLLP Revolving Credit Facility (the "TLLP Revolving Credit Facility”), and TLLP’s drop down credit facility agreement
(the "TLLP Dropdown Facility”), which include variable interest rates, approximate fair value. We estimate the fair value for our ﬁxed rate debt primarily using
prices from recent trade activity.
INCOME TAXES
We record deferred tax assets and liabilities for future income tax consequences that are attributable to differences between the ﬁnancial statement
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their income tax bases. We base the measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities on enacted tax rates that we
expect will apply to taxable income in the year we expect to settle or recover those temporary differences. We recognize the effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities of any change in income tax rates in the period that includes the enactment date. We provide a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets if it is more
likely than not that those items will either expire before we are able to realize their beneﬁt or their future deductibility is uncertain. We recognize the ﬁnancial
statement effects of a tax position when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination.
We use the flow-through method to account for state investment tax credits earned on eligible capital expenditures. Under this method, the investment tax
credits are recognized as a reduction to income tax expense in the year they are earned, except to the extent there is a continuing obligation.
PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS
We recognize separately the overfunded or underfunded status of our pension and other postretirement plans as an asset or liability. A change in the
funded status of our deﬁned beneﬁt retirement plan is recognized in other comprehensive income in the period the change occurs. The funded status represents
the difference between the projected beneﬁt obligation and the fair value of the plan assets. The projected beneﬁt obligation is the present value of beneﬁts
earned to date by plan participants, including the effect of assumed future salary increases. Plan assets are measured at fair value. We use a December 3lst
measurement date for plan assets and obligations for all of our plans.
CONTINGENCIES
ENVIRON MENTAL MATTERWe are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. These laws, which change frequently,
regulate the discharge of materials into the environment and may require us to remove or mitigate the environmental effects of the disposal or release of
petroleum or chemical substances at various sites, install additional controls or make other modifications to certain emission sources, equipment or facilities.
We capitalize environmental expenditures that extend the life or increase the capacity of facilities as well as expenditures that prevent environmental
contamination. We expense costs that relate to an existing condition caused by past operations and that do not contribute to current or future revenue
generation. We record liabilities when environmental assessments and/or remedial efforts are probable and can be reasonably estimated. Cost estimates are
based on the expected timing and extent of remedial actions required by governing agencies, experience gained from similar sites for which environmental
assessments or remediation have been completed and the amount of our anticipated liability considering the proportional liability and financial
70 | Tesoro Corporation