We compete with other reﬁners and with importers for customers in t _ _ .
most of our market areas including sales of our distillate production through . TLLP’S gathermg Pus'ness competes W'th a mamber 0f transportat'on'
wholesale and bulk channels. Competition and concentrations specific to m'dStream' and trUCkmg Compan'es for the gather'ng and transportauon 0f
each of our reﬁneries are: crude oil and natural gas, as applicable, in the areas in which they operate.
TLLP’s gathering business competes for opportunities to build gathering lines
0 Our Martinez, Los Angeles and Anacortes refineries compete with from producers or other pipeline companies, to provide accessible and
several refiners in the U.S., Canada and throughout the Pacific Rim; ﬂexible service to producers, and facilitate the transportation of crude oil
. Our Kenai reﬁnery competes With two other in_state reﬁneries along and natural gas to applicable markets. In processing, TLLP competes with
with refineries on the West Coast and in Asia. Our jet fuel sales in midStream companies and pmducers primarily based 0“ rePUtaﬁont
Alaska are concentrated in Anchorage, Where we are one of the commercial terms, reliability, service levels, ﬂexibility, access to markets,
principal suppliers at theAnchorage International Airport; and locationhavailable capacity, capital expenditures and fuel efficiencies. TLLle’s
0 Our mid-continent reﬁneries in Mandan, Dickinson, and Salt Lake Fermmanmg and tranSportatlop pusmess competes. predominately W'th
_ , , , , , , , independent terminal and pipeline companies, integrated petroleum
C'ty compet,e W,'th SUpphes prowded ,from reﬁnenes m surmltndmg companies, refining and marketing companies and distribution companies
States and p'pelme SUpply from the M'dweSt and GU” coaSt reglons' with marketing and trading arms. Competition in particular geographic areas
We sell gasoline through our network of branded retail stations as well '5 .affeFted pr'maT'W by the VOlumes 9f réﬁned pTOdUCtS preduced by
as on an unbranded, or wholesale, and bulk basis. Our marketing operations reﬁneries located I.“ those areas’ the avallab'|.lty 9f reﬁned RrOdUCts and the
compete with other independent marketers, integrated on companies and cost of transportation to those areas from refineries located in other areas.
high-volume retailers. Competitive factors that affect Marketing include
product price, location, convenience and brand appeal.
HEALTH & SAFETY
Improving personal and process safety is a core value at Tesoro. We are PROCESS SAFETY. Our facilities are designed, constructed, operated and
committed to Operating our reﬁneries; Pipelines; reta” stations and Other maintained to ensure safe work environments. To maintain the integrity of
faeilities in a manner that Premetes the health and safety Of Our employees, our operating systems, we enforce a disciplined framework that includes
our customers and the communities Where we do bUSiness- comprehensive design, engineering, operating and maintenance practices.
We use industry-recognized methodologies to assure process safety and
Our Environmental, Health & Safety (EH&S) policy in conjunction with asset integrity and reduce the risk ofineidents,
our Operational Excellence Management System establish metrics,
expectations and responsibilities for achieving our goals for these key areas: TRANSPORTAHON SAFETy, we are committed to conducting business in
a manner that promotes the safety of our employees and those living around
PERSONAL SAFETY- At Tesoro; we COhSider the health and safety Of our us. This includes the operations of our pipelines, storage facilities, rail cars
People a core Value and an essential area 0f focus Of our leadeFShiP- We and trucking ﬂeet, which transports crude oil and other feedstock, as well as
StriVe t0 ihSti“ a CUttUVe 0f Personal resPOhSibilitY among our employees and fuel and other products. We proactively led the industry in the safe transport
COhtraCters by setting Clear eXPeCtatiOhs around our safety standards and of crude oil via rail by working collaboratively with tank car manufacturers
Pelteies- We COhdUCt regUIar aUditsl assessments ahd Program reVieWS to to develop enhanced rail cars (1201) that surpass regulatory standards.
ensure these practices are being followed and to identify improvements to
enhance our workplace safety.
December 31, 2016 | 11