Section 7.02 Rights of Trustee.
(a) The Trustee may conclusively rely upon any document (whether in its original or facsimile form) believed by it to be genuine and to have been
signed or presented by the proper Person. The Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document.
(b) Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Oﬁicers’ Certiﬁcate or an Opinion of Counsel or both. The Trustee will not be liable
for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Ofﬁcers’ Certiﬁcate or Opinion of Counsel. The Trustee may consult with counsel of
its selection and the advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel will be ﬁll and complete authorization and protection from liability in respect of any
action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon.
(c) The Trustee may act through its attorneys and agents and will not be responsible for the misconduct or negligence of any agent appointed with due
care.
(d) The Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith that it believes to be authorized or within the rights or powers
conferred upon it by this Indenture.
(e) Unless otherwise speciﬁcally provided in this Indenture, any demand, request, direction or notice from the Issuers will be sufﬁcient if signed by an
Ofﬁcer of each of the Issuers.
(t) The Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights orpowers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the
Holders unless such Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity or security satisfactory to it against the losses, liabilities and expenses that might be
incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction.
(g) The Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certiﬁcate, statement, instrument,
opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document, but the Trustee,
in its discretion, may make such ﬁirther inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see ﬁt, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make such
ﬁlrther inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books, records and premises of the Issuers, personally or by agent or attorney at the sole
cost of the Issuers and shall incur no liability or additional liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation.
(h) The Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of Default unless a Responsible Ofﬁcer of the Trustee has actual knowledge
thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a default is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Ofﬁce of the Trustee, and such
notice references the Notes and this Indenture.
(i) The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and beneﬁts given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemniﬁed, are
extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act
hereunder.
(j) The Trustee may request that the Issuers deliver an Ofﬁcers’ Certiﬁcate setting forth the names of individuals and/ or titles of Officers authorized at
such time to take speciﬁed actions pursuant to this Indenture, which Ofﬁcers’ Certiﬁcate may be signed by any person authorized to sign an Ofﬁcers’
Certiﬁcate, including any person speciﬁed as so authorized in any such certiﬁcate previously delivered and not superseded.
Section 7.03 Individual Rights of Trustee.
The Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with the Issuers or any Afﬁliate
of the Issuers with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. However, in the event that the Trustee acquires any conﬂicting interest (as deﬁned in
the TIA) it must eliminate such conﬂict within 90 days, apply to the SEC for permission to continue as trustee (if this Indenture has been qualiﬁed under the
TIA) or resign. Any Agent may do the same with like rights and duties. The Trustee is also subject to Sections 7.10 and 7.11 hereof.
Section 7.04 Trustee ’s Disclaimer.
The Trustee will not be responsible for and makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Notes, it shall not be
accountable for the Issuers’ use of the proceeds from the Notes or any money paid to the Issuers or upon the Issuers’ direction under any provision of this
Indenture, it will not be responsible for the use or application of any money received by any Paying Agent other than the Trustee, and it will not be
responsible for any statement or recital herein or any statement in the Notes or any other document in connection with the sale of the Notes or pursuant to this
Indenture other than its certiﬁcate of authentication.
-48-