INVESTMENTS - EQUITY METHOD AND JOINT VENTURES
For equity investments that are not required to be consolidated under the variable interest model, we evaluate the level of influence we are able to exercise
over an entity’s operations to determine whether to use the equity method of accounting. Our judgment regarding the level of control over an equity method
investment includes considering key factors such as our ownership interest, participation in policy-making and other signiﬁcant decisions and material
intercompany transactions. Amounts recognized for equity method investments are included in other noncurrent assets in our consolidated balance sheets and
adjusted for our share of the net earnings or losses of the investee, which are presented separately in our statements of consolidated operations, capital
contributions made and cash dividends received. We evaluate our equity method investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amounts of such investments may be impaired. An impairment loss is recorded in earnings in the current period to write down the
carrying value of the investment to fair value if a decline in the value of an equity method investment is determined to be other than temporary. There were no
impairments of our equity method investments during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS
We defer turnaround costs and the costs of certain catalysts ("Deferred Charges”) used in the reﬁnery processing units that have a beneﬁt period that
exceeds one year and amortize these costs on a straight-line basis over the expected periods of beneﬁt, normally ranging from 2 to 10 years. Deferred Charges
are amortized over the period of time until the next planned turnaround of the processing unit. Amortization for Deferred Charges, which is included in
depreciation and amortization expense in our statements of consolidated operations, amounted to $251 million, $222 million and $182 million in 2016, 2015
and 2014, respectively.
ENVIRONMENTAL CREDITS AND ENVIRONMENTAL CREDIT OBLIGATIONS
We are subject to extensive and frequently changing federal, state, regional and local laws, regulations and ordinances relating to the environment,
including those governing emissions or discharges to land, air and water, the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and the remediation of
contamination. In order to comply with certain of these regulations and ordinances, we are required to reduce our emissions or blend certain levels of biofuels.
Otherwise, we are required to obtain allowances or credits ("environmental credits”) to offset the obligations created by our operations. Speciﬁc to the
renewable identiﬁcation numbers ("RINs”) required to comply with the second renewable fuels standard ("RFSZ”) implemented by the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency (“EPA”) along with allowances and credits needed to comply with the cap-and-trade emission reduction program and low carbon fuel
standard implemented by the state of California, we account for environmental credits using an inventory method of accounting. Environmental credits are
recorded on our consolidated balance sheet at weighted average cost and expensed as cost of sales as they are used to offset obligations incurred by our
operations. In determining the weighted average cost of environmental credits, we record environmental credits purchased from third parties at the price paid
and environmental credits allocated to us by regulatory agencies or attached to commodities purchased for use in our operations at a cost of zero unless market
data indicates an incremental price was paid for the acquisition of the environmental credit. Costs incurred to obtain allowances or credits necessary to comply
with other federal, state or local regulations or ordinances are expensed as incurred. The amounts associated with these other regulations or ordinances are not
material to our consolidated financial statements.
We record obligations associated with RFSZ and the California programs as obligations are incurred. Our liabilities for environmental credit obligations is
comprised of the weighted average cost of credits we hold but are required to be remitted for satisfaction of the obligation generated by our operations plus
amounts recognized at fair value for any deﬁciency in environmental credits held compared to our obligation. Refer to Note 11 for amounts recognized at fair
value for environmental credit obligations.
DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS
We use non-trading derivative instruments to manage exposure to commodity price risks associated with the purchase or sale of feedstocks, reﬁned
products and energy supplies to or from our reﬁneries, terminals, marketing operations and customers. We also use non-trading derivative instruments to
manage price risks associated with inventories above or below our target levels. These derivative instruments typically involve physical commodity forward
purchase and sale contracts ("Forward Contracts”), exchange-traded futures ("Futures Contracts”), over-the-counter swaps, including those cleared on an
exchange ("Swap Contracts”), options (“Options”) and over-the-counter options ("OTC Option Contracts”), most of which had remaining
December 31, 2016 | 69