(C) orders the liquidation of an Issuer or any of TLLP’s Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Signiﬁcant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted
Subsidiaries of TLLP that, taken together, would constitute a Signiﬁcant Subsidiary;
and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 60 consecutive days; and
(10) except as permitted by this Indenture, any Note Guarantee from a Guarantor that is a Signiﬁcant Subsidiary is held in any judicial
proceeding to be unenforceable or invalid or ceases for any reason to be in ﬁill force and effect, or any Guarantor that is a Signiﬁcant Subsidiary, or any
Person acting on behalf of any Guarantor that is a Signiﬁcant Subsidiary, denies or disafﬁrms its Obligations under its Note Guarantee.
In the case of an Event of Default speciﬁed in clause (6) of the ﬁrst paragraph of this ,S,e,c,ti,on,6,.0,1, and all consequences thereof (excluding, however,
any resulting payment default) will be annulled, waived and rescinded with respect to the Notes, automatically and without any action by the Trustee or the
Holders of such Notes, if within 60 days after such Event of Default ﬁrst arose TLLP delivers an Ofﬁcers’ Certiﬁcate to the Trustee stating that (a) the
Indebtedness or guarantee that is the basis for such Event of Default has been discharged, (b) the Holders of the Indebtedness have rescinded or waived the
acceleration, notice or action (as the case may be) giving rise to such Event of Default or (c) the default that is the basis for such Event of Default has been
cured.
Section 6.02 Acceleration.
In the case of an Event of Default speciﬁed in clause (8) or (9) of Section 6.01 hereof, with respect to Finance Corp., TLLP or any Restricted Subsidiary
of TLLP that is a Signiﬁcant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries of TLLP that, taken together, would constitute a Signiﬁcant Subsidiary, all
outstanding Notes will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. Ifany other Event of Default with respect to a particular the
Notes occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes may declare all the
Notes to be due and payable immediately.
Upon any such declaration, the Notes shall become due and payable immediately.
The Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes by notice to the Trustee may, on behalf of the
Holders of all of the Notes, rescind an acceleration or waive any existing Default or Event of Default and its consequences under the Indenture except a
continuing Default or Event of Default in the payment of interest, or premium, if any, on, or the principal of, the Notes.
Section 6.03 Other Remedies.
Ifan Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may pursue any available remedy to collect the payment of principal, premium and interest
on the Notes or to enforce the performance of any provision of the Notes or this Indenture.
The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of the Notes or does not produce any of them in the proceeding. A delay or
omission by the Trustee or any Holder of a Note in exercising any right or remedy accruing upon an Event of Default shall not impair the right or remedy or
constitute a waiver of or acquiescence in the Event of Default. All remedies are cumulative to the extent permitted by law.
Section 6.04 Waiver of Past Defaults.
Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes by notice to the Trustee may on behalf of the Holders
of all of the Notes waive an existing Default or Event of Default and its consequences hereunder, except a continuing Default or Event of Default in the
payment of the principal of, premium or interest on, the Notes (including in connection with an offer to purchase); provided, however, that the Holders of at
least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes may rescind an acceleration and its consequences, including any related
payment default that resulted from such acceleration. Upon any such waiver, such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom
shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or impair any
right consequent thereon.
Section 6.05 Control by Majority.
Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then—outstanding Notes may direct the time, method and place of conducting any
proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust orpower conferred on it. However, the Trustee may reﬁise to follow any
direction that conﬂicts with law or this Indenture that the Trustee determines may be unduly prejudicial to the rights of other Holders of Notes or that may
involve the Trustee in personal liability.
-45-