[ mseussmw ammo]
ITEM 7.MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AN D ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CON DITION AN D RESULT
OPERATIONS
The following information concerning our results of operations and ﬁnancial condition should be read in conjunction with Items 1 and 2 and our
consolidated financial statements in Item 8.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis is our analysis of our ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial condition and signiﬁcant trends that may affect future
performance. All statements in this section, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements that are inherently uncertain. See
"Important Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those projected in these statements.
BUSIN ESS STRATEGY AN D OVERVIEW
In recent years, we have implemented strategies to transform the composition of our portfolio of reﬁning, logistics and marketing assets. In 2010, the
majority of our operating income was generated through our Reﬁning segment with only a small portion attributable to our previous retail segment and we did
not have commercial logistics operations. As of 2016, Tesoro Logistics, LP (“TLLP”) has grown signiﬁcantly and our Marketing segment continues to expand at a
steady rate as a percentage of contribution to our consolidated operating income. We are committed to further integrating our business model, improving our
value chain optimization and continuing to diversify our portfolio amongst our segments and be a leader among our independent reﬁning peers. To help us
achieve this strategy, organic growth and growth by acquisition are key contributors. See our Capital Expenditures discussion within the Capital Resources and
Liquidity section for more on our organic growth strategy.
On November 16, 2016, Tesoro entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Western Reﬁning, Inc. ("Western Reﬁning”) and other Tesoro wholly-
owned subsidiaries (the "Merger”). Western Refining has
0 three reﬁneries in Texas, New Mexico and Minnesota with a total reﬁning capacity of approximately 254 Mbpd, which would expand the combined
company’s operational capabilities and improve our access to advantaged crude oil and extended product regions;
0 three premium and value retail and convenience store brands to better serve a broader customer base and regional preferences; and
0 an extensive and complementary logistics network with access to advantaged crude oil basins, including the Permian.
The completion of the Merger is expected in the ﬁrst half of 2017, subject to certain customary mutual conditions and regulatory approval. We believe the
Merger aligns with the strategic objectives for our reﬁning, marketing and logistics businesses, which are discussed below. Per the registration statement on
Form 5-4, which was declared effective February 16, 2017, the transaction was valued at approximately $4.1 billion consisting of stock and cash consideration.
See Note 2 in Part II, Item 8 for more details about the Merger.
STRATEGY AND GOALS
As the leading integrated reﬁning, marketing and logistics company in our strategic foot print, we are driven to create value by driving signiﬁcant business
improvements to provide for sustainable earnings growth, utilizing a disciplined approach to capital allocation to create signiﬁcant long-term shareholder value
and consistently executing on our goals in the delivery of results. Our diversiﬁed and integrated portfolio of assets and operations provides us with strong
growth opportunities across the reﬁning, marketing and logistics value chain. The following discussion outlines how we create value in each of our business
segments.
REFINING. In our Reﬁning segment, our strategy focuses on our ability to access regionally advantaged crude oil, optimize our system-wide value chain to
drive strong gross reﬁning margin capture, drive operational excellence enabling asset availability in excess of 97% and deliver other annual improvement
objectives discussed in the Market Conditions and Performance Objectives section below. To meet our strategic objectives, we invest in high return capital
projects designed to enhance our feedstock flexibility, improve our yields and lower our costs. See the Capital Expenditures section for discussion of major
capital projects in development or in process.
TLLP.Through our ownership of TLLP and TLLP’s continued growth, we expect our logistics assets and in-region placement to minimize our transportation
costs and maximize our overall performance by focusing on a stable, fee-based business, optimizing its existing asset base, pursuing organic expansion
opportunities and growing through strategic acquisitions. Additionally, our ownership in TLLP creates value to our shareholders through the lower cost of capital
available to TLLP as a limited partnership and our receipt of TLLP’s quarterly distributions. As the distributions per unit increase, our proportion of the total
distributions grow at an accelerated rate due to our incentive distribution rights. For example, we received $245 million in distributions from TLLP during 2016
compared to $148 million and $87 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. We believe TLLP is well positioned
December 31, 2016 | 27