Issuers, the Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Issuers) shall mail or cause to be mailed to Holders a notice that states the special record date, the
related payment date and the amount of such interest to be paid.
Section 2.13 Issuance of Additional Notes.
The Issuers shall be entitled to issue Additional Notes under this Indenture which shall have identical terms as the Initial Notes issued on the Issue
Date, other than with respect to the date of issuance and issue price and ﬁrst payment of interest. With respect to any Additional Notes, the Issuers shall set
forth in a resolution of the Board of Directors and an Ofﬁcers’ Certiﬁcate, a copy of each which shall be delivered to the Trustee, the following information:
(a) the aggregate principal amount at maturity of such Additional Notes to be authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Indenture; and (b) the issue price,
the issue date and the CUSIP number and corresponding ISIN of such Additional Notes.
Section 2.14 One Class of Notes.
The Initial Notes issued on the Issue Date and any Additional Notes shall be treated as a single class for all purposes under this Indenture.
Section 2.15 C USIP Numbers.
The Issuers in issuing the Notes may use “CUSIP” numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use “CUSIP” numbers in notices of
redemption or repurchase, as the case may be, as a convenience to Holders; provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the
correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice of a redemption or repurchase, as the case may be, and that reliance
may be placed only on the other identiﬁcation numbers printed on the Notes, and any such redemption or repurchase, as the case may be, shall not be affected
by any defect in or omission of such numbers. The Issuers shall promptly notify the Trustee of any change in the “CUSIP” numbers.
ARTICLE 3
REDEMPTION AND PREPAYMENT
Section 3.01 Notices to Trustee.
Ifthe Issuers elect to redeem Notes pursuant to the optional redemption provisions of S,e,ctio,n,3,.0,7, hereof, it must furnish to the Trustee, at least 15 days
but not more than 60 days before a Redemption Date, an Oﬁicers’ Certiﬁcate setting forth:
(1) the clause of this Indenture pursuant to which the redemption shall occur;
(2) the Redemption Date;
(3) the principal amount of Notes to be redeemed; and
(4) the redemption price.
Section 3.02 Selection of Notes To Be Redeemed or Purchased.
Ifless than all of the Notes are to be redeemed or purchased in an offer to purchase at any time, the Trustee will select Notes for redemption or purchase
as follows:
(1) if the Notes are listed on any national securities exchange, in compliance with the requirements of the principal national securities exchange
on which such Notes are listed; or
(2) on a pro rata basis to the extent practicable; or
(3) on a pro rata basis, by lot or such other similar method in accordance with the procedures of DTC.
No Notes of $2,000 or less can be redeemed in part. In the event of partial redemption or purchase by lot, the particular Notes to be redeemed or
purchased will be selected, unless otherwise provided herein, not less than 15 nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption or purchase date by the Trustee
from the outstanding Notes not previously called for redemption or purchase.
The Trustee will promptly notify the Issuers in writing of the Notes selected for redemption or purchase and, in the case of any Note selected forpartial
redemption or purchase, the principal amount thereof to be redeemed or purchased. Notes and portions of Notes selected will be in amounts of $2,000 or
whole multiples of $ 1 ,000 in excess thereof; except that if all of the Notes of a Holder
-2 5-