[ WE GONSOA WW ]
2016 ACQUISITIONS
ALASKA STORAGE AND TERMINALLING ASEﬁtiveJuly 1, 2016, TLLP entered into an agreement to purchase certain terminalling and storage assets
owned by Tesoro for total consideration of $444 million and was completed in two phases ("Alaska Storage and Terminalling Assets Acquisition”). On July 1,
2016, TLLP completed the acquisition of the first phase consisting of tankage, related equipment and ancillary facilities used for the operations at Tesoro’s Kenai
reﬁnery. The second phase was completed on September 16, 2016 and consisted of reﬁned product terminals in Anchorage and Fairbanks. Consideration paid
for the ﬁrst phase was $266 million, comprised of approximately $240 million in cash, ﬁnanced with borrowings under the TLLP Dropdown Credit Facility and
TLLP’s issuance of equity to Tesoro with a fair value of $26 million. Consideration for the second phase was $178 million, comprised of approximately $160
million in cash, ﬁnanced with borrowings under the TLLP Dropdown Credit Facility and TLLP issuing equity securities with a fair value of approximately $18
million.
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA TERMINALLING AND STORAGE AEEEEI'ﬁve November 21, 2016, the Partnership acquired certain terminalling and storage
assets owned by Tesoro ("Northern California Terminalling and Storage Assets Acquisition”) for total consideration of $400 million comprised of $360 million of
cash ﬁnanced with borrowings on TLLP’s Dropdown Credit Facility and $40 million of common and general partner units to Tesoro. The assets purchased
consisted of tankage with crude oil, feedstock, and reﬁned product storage capacity at Tesoro’s Martinez reﬁnery along with a marine terminal capable of
handling feedstock and refined product throughput.
2015 ACQUISITIONS
LA STORAGE AND HANDLING ASSECIISL November 12, 2015, TLLP purchased crude oil and reﬁned product storage and pipeline assets in Los Angeles,
California owned by Tesoro for a total consideration of $500 million (the "LA Storage and Handling Asset Acquisition”). Assets included in the transaction
consisted of a crude oil, feedstock, and reﬁned product storage tank facility and a 50% fee interest in a pipeline that transports jet fuel from Tesoro’s Los Angeles
reﬁnery to the Los Angeles International Airport. The acquisition price of $500 million included cash of approximately $250 million, funded in part from a TLLP
unsecured term loan facility and the issuance of common and general partner units to Tesoro, valued at approximately $250 million.
2014 ACQUISITIONS
WEST COAST LOGISTICS ASSETSuring the year ended December 31, 2014, TLLP purchased certain terminalling and pipeline assets owned by Tesoro and
two of our subsidiaries for total consideration of $270 million. On July 1, 2014, TLLP closed on the purchase of the first portion consisting of marketing terminals
and a storage facility in exchange for consideration of $241 million, comprised of approximately $214 million in cash ﬁnanced with borrowings under TLLP’s
revolving credit facility, and the issuance of equity to us with a fair value of $27 million. On September 30, 2014, TLLP completed the second portion by
acquiring Tesoro Alaska Pipeline Company LLC, which owns a reﬁned products pipeline located in Alaska, for total cash consideration of $29 million, ﬁnanced
with borrowings under TLLP’s revolving credit facility.
ROCKIES NATURAL GAS BUSINESS. On December 2, 2014, the TLLP acquired all of the limited liability company interests of QEP Field Services, LLC ("QEPFS”)
for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $2.5 billion, which includes environmental obligations, existing legal obligations and $230 million QEP
Midstream Partners, LP ("QEPM") debt. QEPFS is the direct or indirect owner of assets related to, and entities engaged in, natural gas gathering, transportation
and processing in or around the Green River Basin located in Wyoming and Colorado, the Uinta Basin located in eastern Utah, and the portion of the Williston
Basin located in North Dakota. During 2015, TLLP recorded measurement period adjustments, which reduced goodwill by $34 million, after obtaining additional
information regarding, among other things, asset valuations and liabilities assumed.
On July 22, 2015, TLLP and QEPM completed the transaction in which TLLP Merger Sub LLC merged with and into QEPM, with QEPM surviving the merger as
a wholly-owned subsidiary of TLLP (the "QEPM Merger”). TLLP issued additional TLLP Common Units to QEPM unitholders as a result of the QEPM Merger. There
was no impact to the purchase price allocation as a result of the QEPM Merger.
During the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, we incurred transaction costs of$2 million and $33 million, respectively, related to the Rockies
Natural Gas Business Acquisition directly attributable to the transaction. These costs are included in general and administrative expenses and interest and
financing costs, net in our combined consolidated statements of operations.
December 31, 2016 | 75