“Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the introduction to this Agreement.
“Assets,” means (i) the Tankage and (ii) the Avon Wharf Pipeway.
“Av,on,Marine,Terminal” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
“AvonMarinelerminalAssets,” means certain assets located at the Avon Marine Terminal, as further described in ExhibitA:
Z.
‘5Avon,MarineflierminaLOperatingAgeement" means that certain Avon Marine Terminal Operating Agreement to be effective
at the Effective Time by and between TRMC and the Operating Company pursuant to which the Operating Company will manage and
operate the Avon Marine Terminal for TRMC on the terms and conditions included therein.
“Avon Marine Terminal Renovation” means each of the Avon Wharf Upgrade (MOTEMS) (AFE No. 077100030) and
Pipeline Surge Protection Project (AFE No. 154100001) being undertaken by TRMC at the Avon Marine Terminal as of the Effective
Date.
"Avon,Marine,TerminaLSublease,Ageement}’ means that certain Sublease to be executed in accordance with ,S,e,ction,2,.5, by
and between the Operating Company and TRMC relating to the Avon Marine Terminal.
“Avon MarineiTermjnaLUsejndiThroughputAgreement," or the “AvonMTUIA” means that certain Avon Marine Terminal
Use and Throughput Agreement to be executed pursuant to Section 2.5 by and among the Operating Company, the General Partner,
the Partnership and TRMC, pursuant to which the Operating Company will, effective as of the “Commencement Date” (as defined
therein), manage and operate the Avon Marine Terminal.
“AvoniWharf,Pipew,a};” means the three pipelines, a causeway and all ancillary equipment that connect Tract 3 (of the
Tankage) to the Avon Marine Terminal, all as further described in EXh,ibitA;1, as well as all associated easements, permits and
licenses relating to the Avon Wharf Pipeway.
“Bill of Sale” means that certain Bill of Sale, Assignment and Assumption effective as of the Effective Time, among TRMC,
the General Partner, the Partnership and the Operating Company, with respect to the Assets.
“Cash Consideration” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b);(i).
“CDFG” means the California Department of Fish and Game.
“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
“CQER” means the Certiﬁcate of Financial Responsibility issued by the CDFG in favor of the Operating Company with
respect to oil spill contingency planning and financial responsibility with respect to operations in the State of California, including
under the Avon Marine Terminal Sublease Agreement and Avon MTUTA.
2
80950117