[ mm GONSOA WW ]
We determined that no impairment charges resulted from our November 1, 2016 goodwill impairment assessments. Furthermore, the fair value of each of
TLLP’s five reporting units tested in step one of the goodwill impairment test exceeded the carrying value such that we were not required to perform step two.
There were no impairments of goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
NOTE 8 — INVESTMENTS - EQUITY METHOD AND JOINT VENTURES
For each of the following investments, we have the ability to exercise significant inﬂuence over each of these investments through our participation in the
management committees, which make all signiﬁcant decisions. However, since we have equal or proportionate inﬂuence over each committee as a joint interest
partner and all signiﬁcant decisions require consent of the other investor(s) without regard to our economic interest, we have determined that these entities
should not be consolidated and apply the equity method of accounting with respect to our investments in each entity.
- WATSON COGENERATION COMPANY ("WatsonWe own a 51% interest in Watson, which produces steam and electricity at a facility located at our
Los Angeles refinery. Our transactions with Watson, which do not have intra-entity proﬁts requiring elimination, consist of sales of fuel gas and water,
purchases of steam and electricity and charges for general and administrative support.
- REN DEZVOUS GAS SERVICES, L.L.C. ("RG5"). TLLP has a 78% interest in RGS, which owns and operates the infrastructure that transports gas from certain
ﬁelds to several re-delivery points in southwestern Wyoming, including natural gas processing facilities that are owned by TLLP or a third party. Prior to
2016, Tesoro and TLLP consolidated RGS, however, upon the reassessment performed in conjunction with the adoption of ASU 2015-02 as of January
1, 2016, we determined RGS represented a variable interest entity to TLLP for which we are not the primary beneﬁciary. Under the limited liability
company agreement, we do not have voting rights commensurate with our economic interest due to veto rights available to our partner in RGS. Certain
business decisions, including, but not limited to, decisions with respect to signiﬁcant expenditures or contractual commitments, annual budgets,
material financings, dispositions of assets or amending the members' gas servicing agreements, require unanimous approval of the members.
- THREE RIVERS GATHERING, LLC ("TRG’IIIP owns a 50% interest in TRG which operates natural gas gathering assets within the southeastern Uinta
Basin and is primarily supported by long-term, fee-based gas gathering agreements with minimum volume commitments.
- UINTAH BASIN FIELD SERVICES, L.L.C. ("UBFHilJ? owns a 38% interest in UBFS which owns and operates the natural gas gathering infrastructure
located in the southeastern Uinta Basin and is supported by long-term, fee-based gas gathering agreements that contain ﬁrm throughput commitments,
which generate fees whether or not the capacity is used, and is operated by TLLP.
December 31, 2016 | 81