DISGUSSION mm ]
regions. We focus on PADD V, or the West Coast of the US. where the majority of our operations are located. PADD V is deﬁned by the Petroleum
Administration for Defense Districts (“PADD”) as the states ofAlaska, Arizona, California, Hawaii, Nevada, Oregon and Washington.
As a performance benchmark and a comparison with other industry participants, we utilize the West Coast and Mid-Continent crack spreads. The crack
spread is a measure of the difference between market prices for crude oil and reﬁned products and is a commonly used proxy within the industry to estimate or
identify trends in gross reﬁning margins. Crack spreads can fluctuate signiﬁcantly over time as a result of market conditions and supply and demand balances.
The West Coast 321 crack spread is calculated using 3 barrels of Alaska North Slope crude oil (“ANS”) producing 2 barrels of Los Angeles CARB gasoline and 1
barrel of Los Angeles CARB diesel. The Mid-Continent 321 crack spread is calculated using 3 barrels of West Texas Intermediate crude oil (“WTI”) producing 2
barrels of Group 3 gasoline and 1 barrel of Group 3 diesel.
Our actual gross reﬁning margins differ from these crack spreads based on the actual slate of crude oil we run at our reﬁneries and the products we
produce. The global commodity markets for crude oil and reﬁned products are subject to signiﬁcant volatility resulting in rapidly changing prices and margin
environments. Our reﬁneries process a variety of crude oils that are sourced from around the world. The slate of crude oil we process can vary over time as a
result of changes in market prices and shipping rates. Additionally, our reﬁning gross margin is impacted by the changing crude oil price differentials, which is
the difference between the benchmark crude oils, WTI and Brent crude oil (“Brent”), and the actual crude oil we run at our reﬁneries. We may experience
ﬁnancial risk associated with price volatility of crude oil and reﬁned products and we may utilize ﬁnancial hedge instruments to help mitigate such risks where
possible.
KEY INFORMATION USED TO MONITOR OUR BUSINESS - CRUDE OIL DIFFERENTIALS (in 5] barrel)
$12
:
I t $10
r _ 7| ; $3
l I ? $4
_ I i u:
:1- I I. I I 5.2
til—El] ] JE I r z
,, ,_._, 1—,, , 1 , ,7 1%,—:4 , , , , ,_., 1—1: 1 ',
2016 20:15 2014
Brant: to WTI. [El] Brand: “to AME
to Bakizmlﬂearbroakl M55124:- Ba'kkeu {Cl’earhmokl
- E] ANS'm SanI‘oa'quiin Valley ﬂea-maxi} [I] ms m Canadian ILt- Sweat
Source: PLAITS
WEST COAS'IZAverage US. West Coast crack spreads were down approximately 35.9% in 2016 compared to 2015 but were up approximately 55.9% in
2015 compared to 2014. The decreased crack spreads in 2016 resulted from increased supply year over year, partially offset by continued growth in demand.
2015 crack spreads were up versus 2014 due to several extended unplanned reﬁnery outages in the West Coast (PADD V) region, including our own as
discussed below, which reduced West Coast refinery utilization in the year.
36 | Tesoro Corporation