[ mm» GONSOA ]
abilities of other responsible parties. Usually, the timing of these accruals coincides with the completion of a feasibility or engineering study and or our
commitment to a formal plan of action where a range of costs can be reliably estimated and supported. Estimated liabilities are not discounted to present value
and environmental expenses are recorded primarily in operating expenses in our statements of consolidated operations.
LEGAL MATTERSln the ordinary course of business, we become party to lawsuits, administrative proceedings and governmental investigations. These
matters may involve large or unspeciﬁed damages or penalties that may be sought from us and may require years to resolve. We record a liability related to a
loss contingency attributable to such legal matters in accrued liabilities or other noncurrent liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet, depending on the
classiﬁcation as current or noncurrent if we determine the loss to be both probable and estimable. The liability is recorded for an amount that is management’s
best estimate of the loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, the minimum loss amount of a range of possible outcomes.
ACQUISITIONS
We use the acquisition method of accounting for the recognition of assets acquired and liabilities assumed with acquisitions at their estimated fair values as
of the date of acquisition. Any excess consideration transferred over the estimated fair values of the identiﬁable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.
While we use our best estimates and assumptions to measure the fair value of the identiﬁable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, our
estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to reﬁnement. As a result, during the measurement period, not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition,
any changes in the estimated fair values of the net assets recorded for the acquisitions will result in an adjustment to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the
measurement period or ﬁnal determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes ﬁrst, any subsequent adjustments are
recorded to our statements of consolidated operations.
REVENUE RECOGNITION
We recognize revenues upon delivery of goods or services to a customer. For goods, this is the point at which title is transferred and when payment has
either been received or collection is reasonably assured. Revenues for services are recorded when the services have been provided. We record certain
transactions in cost of sales in our statements of consolidated operations on a net basis. These transactions include nonmonetary crude oil and reﬁned product
exchange transactions used to optimize our reﬁnery supply, and sale and purchase transactions entered into with the same counterparty that are deemed to be
in contemplation with one another. We include transportation and processing fees charged to customers in revenues in our statements of consolidated
operations, while the related costs are included in cost of sales.
Federal excise and state motor fuel taxes, which are remitted to governmental agencies through our reﬁning segment and collected from customers in our
marketing segment, are included in both revenues and cost of sales in our statements of consolidated operations. These taxes were primarily related to sales of
gasoline and diesel fuel from continuing operations and totaled $577 million, $561 million and $581 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
Our stock-based compensation includes stock appreciation rights ("SARs"), performance share awards, market stock units, stock options, restricted
common stock, restricted stock units, and phantom stock options. The grant date fair value of performance share awards based on performance conditions,
restricted common stock awards and restricted stock units are equal to the market price of our common stock on the date of grant. The fair values of market
stock units and stock options are estimated using the Monte Carlo simulation and the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, respectively, on the date of grant. The
fair values of our SARs, phantom stock options and certain performance share awards based on market conditions are remeasured at the end of each reporting
period. SARs and phantom stock options are recorded in other current liabilities in our statement of ﬁnancial position. We primarily amortize the fair value of
our stock-based awards using the straight-line method over the vesting period. Our stock-based compensation expense includes estimates for forfeitures and
volatility based on our historical experience. If actual forfeitures differ from our estimates, we adjust stock-based compensation expense accordingly. Expenses
related to stock-based compensation are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our statements of consolidated operations.
December 31, 2016 | 71