(b) A copy of each report at the time of its mailing to the Holders of Notes will be mailed by the Trustee to the Issuers and ﬁled by the Trustee with the
SEC and each stock exchange on which the Notes are listed in accordance with TIA § 313(d). The Issuers will promptly notify the Trustee when the Notes are
listed on any stock exchange.
Section 7.07 Compensation and Indemnity.
(a) The Issuers will pay to the Trustee from time to time reasonable compensation for its acceptance of this Indenture and services hereunder as such
parties shall agree in writing from time to time. The Trustee’s compensation will not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust.
The Issuers will reimburse the Trustee promptly upon request for all reasonable disbursements, advances and expenses incurred or made by it in addition to
the compensation for its services. Such expenses will include the reasonable compensation, disbursements and expenses of the Trustee’s agents and counsel.
(b) The Issuers and the Guarantors will indemnify the Trustee against any and all losses, liabilities or expenses incurred by it arising out of or in
connection with the acceptance or administration of its duties under this Indenture, including the costs and expenses of enforcing this Indenture against the
Issuers and the Guarantors (including this Section 7.07) and defending itself against any claim (whether asserted by the Issuers, the Guarantors, any Holder or
any other Person) or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder, except to the extent any such loss,
liability or expense may be attributable to its negligence or bad faith. The Trustee will notify the Issuers promptly of any claim for which it may seek
indemnity. Failure by the Trustee to so notify the Issuers will not relieve the Issuers or any of the Guarantors of their obligations hereunder, except to the
extent that the Issuers are materially prejudiced by such failure to promptly provide notice. The Issuers or such Guarantor will defend the claim and the
Trustee will cooperate in the defense. The Trustee may have separate counsel and the Issuers will pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel.
Neither the Issuers nor any Guarantor need pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.
(c) The obligations of the Issuers and the Guarantors under this Section 7.07 will survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture.
(d) To secure the Issuers’ and the Guarantors’ payment obligations in this Section 7.07, the Trustee will have a Lien prior to the Notes on all money or
property held or collected by the Trustee, except that held in trust to pay principal and interest on particular Notes. Such Lien will survive the satisfaction
and discharge of this Indenture.
(e) When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default speciﬁed in Section 6.01(8) or (9) hereof occurs, the expenses and the
compensation for the services (including the fees and expenses of its agents and counsel) are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any
Bankruptcy Law.
(f) The Trustee will comply with the provisions of TIA § 313(b)(2) to the extent applicable.
Section 7.08 Replacement of Trustee.
(a) A resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee will become effective only upon the successor Trustee’s acceptance
of appointment as provided in this ,SectioleS,
(b) The Trustee may resign in writing at any time and be discharged from the trust hereby created by so notifying the Issuers. The Holders of at least a
majority in aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes may remove the Trustee by so notifying the Trustee and the Issuers in writing. The
Issuers may remove the Trustee if:
(1) the Trustee fails to comply with Section 7.10 hereof;
(2) the Trustee is adjudged a bankrupt or an insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect to the Trustee under any Bankruptcy Law;
(3) a custodian or public ofﬁcer takes charge of the Trustee or its property; or
(4) the Trustee becomes incapable of acting.
(c) If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the ofﬁce of Trustee for any reason, the Issuers will promptly appoint a successor
Trustee. Within one year after the successor Trustee takes ofﬁce, the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding
Notes may appoint a successor Trustee to replace the successor Trustee appointed by the Issuers.
(d) If a successor Trustee does not take ofﬁce within 60 days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Trustee (at the Issuers’ expense),
the Issuers, or the Holders of at least 10% in aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for
the appointment of a successor Trustee.
-49-