[ WEED GGNSOA WW ]
The availability of the Incremental Revolver is subject to customary conditions, including the completion of the Merger. The Amendment Agreement also
amends certain provisions to, among other things permit the consummation of the Merger, permit the incurrence of additional unsecured indebtedness in an
aggregate principal amount not to exceed $2.2 billion, permit the incurrence of certain pre-existing debt of Western Refining and its subsidiaries pursuant to the
terms of the Merger Agreement, and exclude Western Reﬁning Logistics, LP and its subsidiaries from any requirement to guarantee or secure the Amendment
Agreement. Other than with respect to the amendments, the terms of the Amendment Agreement are substantially the same as the terms of the Revolving Credit
Agreement.
The Revolving Credit Agreement includes certain negative, afﬁrmative and financial covenants, a number of which will either no longer apply or become less
restrictive if an investment grade rating from either Moody's Investors Service or S&P Global Ratings is achieved, that may limit or restrict the ability of Tesoro
and its subsidiaries to:
0 pay dividends and make other distributions with respect to our capital stock and purchase, redeem or retire our capital stock;
0 enter into certain hedging agreements;
- incur additional indebtedness;
- sell assets unless the proceeds from those sales are used to repay debt or are reinvested in our business;
- incur liens on assets to secure certain debt;
- engage in certain business activities;
0 make certain payments and distributions from our subsidiaries;
- engage in certain investments, mergers or consolidations and transfers of assets; and
0 enter into non-arm’s length transactions with affiliates.
At present, the Revolving Credit Facility is guaranteed by substantially all of Tesoro’s active domestic subsidiaries, excluding TLGP, TLLP and its subsidiaries,
certain foreign subsidiaries and other speciﬁed subsidiaries and is secured by substantially all of Tesoro’s active domestic subsidiaries' crude oil and reﬁned
product inventories, cash and receivables, other than those of the excluded subsidiaries. If Tesoro achieves an investment grade credit rating from either
Moody's Investors Service or S&P Global Ratings, the guarantees and collateral shall be released and the facility will become unsecured.
The Revolving Credit Facility allows us to obtain letters of credit under separate letter of credit agreements for foreign crude oil purchases. Our
uncommitted letter of credit agreements had $22 million outstanding as of December 31, 2016. Letters of credit outstanding under these agreements incur fees
ranging from 0.45% to 0.90% and are secured by the crude oil inventories for which they are issued. Capacity under these letter of credit agreements is available
on an uncommitted basis and can be terminated by either party at any time.
TLLP REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY AN D DROPDOWN CREDIT FAIElhblThtLP Revolving Credit Facility provided for total loan availability of $600 million
as of December 31, 2016, and TLLP may request that the loan availability be increased up to an aggregate of$1.6 billion, subject to receiving increased
commitments from the lenders. The TLLP Revolving Credit Facility is non-recourse to Tesoro, except for TLGP, and is guaranteed by all of TLLP’s subsidiaries, with
the exception of certain non-wholly owned subsidiaries acquired in the Rockies Natural Gas Business acquisition and secured by substantially all of TLLP’s assets.
Borrowings are available under the TLLP Revolving Credit Facility up to the total loan availability of the facility. As of December 31, 2016, there was $330 million
in borrowings outstanding under the TLLP Revolving Credit Facility, which had unused credit availability of approximately 45% of the borrowing capacity. The
weighted average interest rate for borrowings under TLLP Revolving Credit Facility was 2.76% at December 31, 2016.
On January 29, 2016, TLLP amended its existing secured TLLP Revolving Credit Facility to improve key terms related to pricing and ﬁnancial covenants and
decreased the aggregate available facility limit from $900 million to $600 million. Additionally, on January 29, 2016, TLLP syndicated a new $1.0 billion secured
TLLP Dropdown Credit Facility. The primary use of proceeds under this facility will be to fund asset acquisitions. The terms, covenants and restrictions under this
facility are substantially the same as the amended secured TLLP Revolving Credit Facility.
The secured TLLP Revolving Credit Facility and the secured Dropdown Credit Facility ratably share collateral comprised primarily of TLLP property, plant and
equipment and both facilities mature on January 29, 2021. In addition, upon an upgrade of TLLP’s corporate family rating to investment grade, certain covenants
and restrictions under each facility will automatically be eliminated or improved.
December 31, 2016 | 89