mseussnoN mm ]
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
A discussion and analysis of the factors contributing to our results of operations is presented below. The accompanying consolidated ﬁnancial statements in
Item 8, together with the following information, are intended to provide investors with a reasonable basis for assessing our historical operations, but should not
serve as the only criteria for predicting our future performance.
ITEMS IMPACTING COMPARABILITY
The TLLP financial and operational data presented include the historical results of all assets acquired from Tesoro prior to the acquisition dates. The
acquisitions from Tesoro were transfers between entities under common control. Accordingly, the ﬁnancial information of TLLP contained herein has been
retrospectively adjusted to include the historical results of the assets acquired from Tesoro prior to the effective date of each acquisition for all periods
presented and do not include revenue for transactions with Tesoro with the exception of regulatory tariffs on its pipeline assets. The TLLP ﬁnancial data is
derived from the combined ﬁnancial results of the TLLP predecessor (the "TLLP Predecessor”). We refer to the TLLP Predecessor and, prior to each acquisition
date, the acquisitions from Tesoro collectively, as "TLLP’s Predecessors.”
NON-GAAP MEASURES
Our management uses certain "non-GAAP” performance measures to analyze operating segment performance and non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures to evaluate
past performance and prospects for the future to supplement our GAAP ﬁnancial information presented in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP”). These ﬁnancial non-GAAP measures are important factors in assessing our operating results and
profitability and include:
- EBITDA-U.S. GAAP-based net earnings before interest, income taxes, and depreciation and amortization expenses
0 Debt to capitalization ratio excluding TLLP-the ratio achieved by dividing the net result of our consolidated debt less all debt owed by TLLP (both net of
unamortized issuance costs) by the sum of our consolidated debt less TLLP’s total debt (both net of unamortized issuance costs) and our total equity less
noncontrolling interest associated with the public ownership of TLLP
We present these measures because we believe they may help investors, analysts, lenders and ratings agencies analyze our results of operations and liquidity
in conjunction with our US. GAAP results, including but not limited to:
0 our operating performance as compared to other publicly traded companies in the reﬁning, logistics and marketing industries, without regard to
historical cost basis or financing methods;
0 our ability to incur and service debt and fund capital expenditures; and
o the viability of acquisitions and other capital expenditure projects and the returns on investment of various investment opportunities.
Management also uses these measures to assess internal performance, and we believe they may provide meaningful supplemental information to the users
of our ﬁnancial statements. Non-GAAP measures have important limitations as analytical tools, because they exclude some, but not all, items that affect net
earnings and operating income. These measures should not be considered substitutes for their most directly comparable US. GAAP financial measures.
32 | Tesoro Corporation