Section 6.02 Acceleration.
In the case of an Event of Default speciﬁed in clause (8) or (9) of ,S.e,c,ti,on,6,.0,1, hereof, with respect to Finance Corp., TLLP or any Restricted Subsidiary
of TLLP that is a Signiﬁcant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries of TLLP that, taken together, would constitute a Signiﬁcant Subsidiary, all
outstanding Notes will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. Ifany other Event of Default with respect to a particular the
Notes occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes may declare all the
Notes to be due and payable immediately.
Upon any such declaration, the Notes shall become due and payable immediately.
The Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes by notice to the Trustee may, on behalf of the
Holders of all of the Notes, rescind an acceleration or waive any existing Default or Event of Default and its consequences under the Indenture except a
continuing Default or Event of Default in the payment of interest, or premium, if any, on, or the principal of, the Notes.
Section 6.03 Other Remedies.
Ifan Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may pursue any available remedy to collect the payment of principal, premium and interest
on the Notes or to enforce the performance of any provision of the Notes or this Indenture.
The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of the Notes or does not produce any of them in the proceeding. A delay or
omission by the Trustee or any Holder of a Note in exercising any right or remedy accruing upon an Event of Default shall not impair the right or remedy or
constitute a waiver of or acquiescence in the Event of Default. All remedies are cumulative to the extent permitted by law.
Section 6.04 Waiver of Past Defaults.
Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes by notice to the Trustee may on behalf of the Holders
of all of the Notes waive an existing Default or Event of Default and its consequences hereunder, except a continuing Default or Event of Default in the
payment of the principal of, premium or interest on, the Notes (including in connection with an offer to purchase); provided, however, that the Holders of at
least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes may rescind an acceleration and its consequences, including any related
payment default that resulted from such acceleration. Upon any such waiver, such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom
shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or impair any
right consequent thereon.
Section 6.05 Control by Majority.
Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then—outstanding Notes may direct the time, method and place of conducting any
proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust orpower conferred on it. However, the Trustee may refuse to follow any
direction that conﬂicts with law or this Indenture that the Trustee determines may be unduly prejudicial to the rights of other Holders of Notes or that may
involve the Trustee in personal liability.
Section 6.06 Limitation on Suits.
A Holder may pursue a remedy with respect to this Indenture or the Notes only if:
(1) such Holder gives to the Trustee written notice that an Event of Default is continuing;
(2) Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the then—outstanding Notes make a written request to the Trustee to pursue the
remedy;
(3) such Holder or Holders oﬁ‘er and, if requested, provide to the Trustee reasonable security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee
against any loss, liability or expense;
(4) the Trustee does not comply with the request Within 60 days after receipt of the request and the offer of security or indemnity; and
(5) during such 60-day period, Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes do not give the Trustee
a direction inconsistent with such request.
-45-