[ mseussmw ammo]
2016 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES (in millions)
Tesoro (a) TLLP
Growth S 210 S 209
Maintenance 301 64
Regulatory 164 —
Total 2016 Capital Expenditures S 675 S 273
(a) Tesoro capital expenditures exclude TLLP.
2017 EXPECTED CAPITAL EXPENDITURES (in millions)
Tesoro (a) TLLP
Growth S 325 S 230
Maintenance 455 95
Regulatory 90 —
Total 2017 Expected Capital Expenditures S 870 S 325
(a) Tesoro capital expenditures exclude TLLP.
Cost estimates for projects currently in process or under development are subject to further review, analysis and permitting requirements resulting in
revisions to our current spend estimates.
MAJOR CAPITAL PROJECTS IN PROCESS OR UNDER DEVELOPMENT (in millions)
Total Project Expected Actual 2016
Major Projects Capital Expenditures Capital Expenditures
Los Angeles Refinery Integration and Compliance Project (a) S 510 S 97
Mixed Xylenes Project (b) 410 24
Enterprise Resource Planning Project (c) 230 97
Vancouver Energy Terminal Project (d) 210 10
Avon Wharf Project (e) 190 58
Mandan Tier 3 Project (f) 190 3
Naphtha Isomerization Project (g) 170 36
(a) The integration and compliance project at the Los Angeles reﬁnery is designed to improve the ﬂexibility of gasoline and diesel yields and reduce carbon dioxide
emissions. The proposed project, subject to project scoping, engineering and regulatory approval, includes decommissioning the ﬂuid catalytic cracking unit at our
Wilmington, California facility. Of the total expected capital expenditure related to this project, we anticipate a portion may be incurred and paid by TLLP.
(b) The Mixed Xylenes Project is a portion of the Clean Products Upgrade Project at our Anacortes, Washington reﬁnery that will help diversify our product mix through
the extraction of existing mixed xylene from gasoline and improve our capability to deliver cleaner local transportation fuels and global feedstocks, primarily for
polyester. The Mixed Xylenes Project and its components remain subject to final board and regulatory approval.
(c) The Enterprise Resource Planning Project will simplify business processes by implementing a standardized and scalable platform across the Company to transform
our business information and technology systems and to further streamline our operations, reduce costs and provide for future growth. We expect this project to be
a complex, multi-year process that will require signiﬁcant investments in software and technology. We completed the design phase in October 2016 and have
transitioned to the build phase of this process.
(d) The Vancouver Energy Terminal project is a partnership with Savage Companies to construct, own and operate a unit train unloading and marine loading terminal
at Port of Vancouver, USA with a total capacity of 360 Mbpd allowing for the delivery of cost-advantaged North American crude oil to the US. West Coast. The
project cost estimate will be updated once the project has completed the permitting process in the state of Washington. The project’s construction is estimated to
take nine to twelve months, however initial operations are expected to begin within a few months of construction start. Effective September 1, 2016, we became
majority owner of Vancouver Energy and as a result are reporting the total project costs above.
(e) The regulatory and compliance project for the Avon Wharf in Martinez, California is required under the California building code for Marine Oil Terminal Engineering
and Maintenance Standards (“MOTEMS”). The project is nearly complete and has replaced the marine berth with a MOTEMS compliant structure that will improve
clean product movements and has received all regulatory approval and permits.
December 31, 2016 | 51