EXHIBIT B
FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE ADDITIONAL SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this "gipplementaLIndenture"), dated as of 20 , among [ ] (the “Guaranteeing,Subsidiary”), Tesoro
Logistics LP, a Delaware limited partnership (“ILLP”), Tesoro Logistics Finance Corp., a Delaware corporation (together with TLLP, the “Issu,ers,”), and US.
Bank National Association, as trustee under the Indenture referred to below (the “Trustee”).
W I T N E S S E T H :
WHEREAS, the Issuers have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture (the “,Indenture”), dated as of December 2, 2016 providing
for the issuance of 5.25 % Senior Notes due 2025 (the “N,,o,tes”);
WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture.
WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a
supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Issuers’ Obligations under the Notes and
the Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein (the “NﬂoteiGuarante,e,”); and
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged,
the Guaranteeing Subsidiary and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable beneﬁt of the Holders of the Notes as follows:
1. Capitalized Terms. Capitalized terms used herein without deﬁnition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.
2. Agreement to Guarantee. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that it has received and reviewed a copy of the Indenture and all other
documents it deems necessary to review in order to enter into this Supplemental Indenture, and acknowledges and agrees to (i) join and become a party to the
Indenture as indicated by its signature below; (ii) be bound by the Indenture, as of the date hereof, as if made by, and with respect to, each signatory hereto;
and (iii) perform all obligations and duties required of a Guarantor pursuant to the Indenture. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby agrees to provide an
unconditional Note Guarantee on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Indenture, including, but not limited to, Article 10 thereof.
3. Execution and Delivery. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees that the Note Guarantee shall remain in ﬁlll force and effect notwithstanding the
absence of the endorsement of any notation of such Note Guarantee on the Notes.
4. No Recourse Against Others. No past, present or ﬁiture director, ofﬁcer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of the Guaranteeing
Subsidiary, as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Issuers or any Guaranteeing Subsidiary under the Notes, any Note Guarantees, the
Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting
a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.
5. NE W YORK LA W T 0 GOVERN THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE.
6. Counterparts. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them
together represent the same agreement. This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in multiple counterparts which, when taken together, shall constitute
one instrument. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmissions shall constitute effective
execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all
purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.
7. Effect of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.
8. The Trustee. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufﬁciency of this Supplemental
Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiary and the Issuers.
B-l