Until an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective, a consent to it by a Holder of a Note is a continuing consent by the Holder of a Note and
every subsequent Holder of a Note or portion of a Note that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holder’s Note, even if notation of the consent is not
made on any Note. However, any such Holder of a Note or subsequent Holder of a Note may revoke the consent as to its Note if the Trustee receives written
notice of revocation before the date the amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective. An amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective in
accordance with its terms (except as provided in the second succeeding paragraph) and thereafter binds every Holder.
The Issuers may, but shall not be obligated to, ﬁx a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders entitled to consent to any amendment,
supplement or waiver. If a record date is ﬁxed, then notwithstanding the second to last sentence of the immediately preceding paragraph, those Persons who
were Holders at such record date (or their duly designated proxies) and only those Persons, shall be entitled to consent to such amendment or waiver or
revoke any consent previously given, Whether or not such Persons continue to be Holders after such record date.
After an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective, it shall bind every Holder, unless it makes a change described in any of the clauses
(1) through (9) of ,S,e,c,tion,9,.0,2,, in which case, the amendment, supplement or waiver shall bind only each Holder of a note who has consented to it and every
subsequent Holder of a Note or portion of a Note that evidences the same indebtedness as the consenting Holder’s Note.
Section 9.05 Notation on or Exchange of Notes.
The Trustee may place an appropriate notation about an amendment, supplement or waiver on any Note thereafter authenticated. The Issuers in
exchange for all Notes may issue and the Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, authenticate new Notes that reﬂect the amendment,
supplement or waiver.
Failure to make the appropriate notation or issue a new Note will not affect the validity and effect of such amendment, supplement or waiver.
Section 9.06 Trustee to Sign Amendments, etc.
The Trustee will sign any amended or supplemental indenture authorized pursuant to this Article,9, if the amendment or supplement does not adversely
affect the rights, duties, liabilities or immunities of the Trustee. The Issuers may not sign an amended or supplemental indenture until the Boards of Directors
of each of the Issuers approves it. In executing any amended or supplemental indenture, the Trustee will be entitled to receive and (subject to S,ec,tion,7,.0,1,
hereof) will be fully protected in relying upon, in addition to the documents required by .S,e,c,tion,1,2,.0§l hereof, an Ofﬁcers’ Certiﬁcate and an Opinion of
Counsel stating that the execution of such amended or supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
neither an Opinion of Counsel nor an Ofﬁcers’ Certiﬁcate, nor a board resolution, shall be required for the Trustee to execute any supplemental indenture to
this Indenture, the form of which is attached as Exhibit B hereto, adding a new Guarantor under this Indenture.
ARTICLE 10
NOTE GUARANTEES
Section 10.01 Guarantee.
(a) Subject to this Articleilﬂ, each of the Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, unconditionally guarantees, on an unsecured senior basis, to each
Holder of a Note authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns, irrespective of the validity and enforceability
of this Indenture, the Notes or the obligations of the Issuers hereunder or thereunder, that:
(1) the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, the Notes will be promptly paid in ﬁlll when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration,
redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of and interest on the Notes, if any, if lawﬁil, and all other obligations of the Issuers to
the Holders or the Trustee hereunder or thereunder will be promptly paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof; and
(2) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or any of such other obligations, that same will be promptly paid in ﬁlll
when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise.
-5 5-