Trustee may request in writing, a list in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of the Holders of
Notes and the Issuers shall otherwise comply with TIA § 312(a).
Section 2.06 Transfer and Exchange.
(a) TiansferandjExchangeiofGlohal Notes. A Global Note may not be transferred as a whole except by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary,
by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or to another nominee of the Depositary, or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor
Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary. All Global Notes shall be exchanged by the Issuers for Deﬁnitive Notes in denominations of $2,000
and integral multiples of$ 1,000 in excess thereof if (i) the Issuers deliver to the Trustee notice from the Depositary that it is unwilling or unable to continue
to act as Depositary for the Global Notes or that it is no longer a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and, in either case, a successor Depositary
is not appointed by the Issuers within 90 days after the date of such notice from the Depositary; (ii) the Issuers in their sole discretion determine that the
Global Notes (in whole but not in part) should be exchanged for Deﬁnitive Notes and delivers a written notice to such effect to the Trustee; or (iii) there has
occurred and is continuing an Event of Default with respect to the Notes and the Depositary notiﬁes the Trustee of its decision to exchange the Global Notes
for Deﬁnitive Notes. Upon the occurrence of either of the preceding events in (i) or (ii) above, Deﬁnitive Notes shall be issued in such names as the
Depositary shall instruct the Trustee. Global Notes also may be exchanged or replaced, in whole or in part, as provided in Sections 2.07 and 2.11
hereof. Every Note authenticated and delivered in exchange for, or in lieu of, a Global Note or any portion thereof, pursuant to this Section 2.06 or Sections
2.07 or 2.11 hereof, shall be authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Global Note. A Global Note may not be exchanged for another Note
other than as provided in this Section 2.06(a); however, beneﬁcial interests in a Global Note may be transferred and exchanged as provided in Section
2.06(b_), or (c) hereof.
(b) Iransfer,and,ExchangepfBeneﬁciallnterestsjn,the,Glo,b,aLNo,tes. The transfer and exchange of beneﬁcial interests in any Global Note shall be
effected through the Depositary, in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and the Applicable Procedures. Transfers of beneﬁcial interests in any
Global Note also shall require compliance with either subparagraph (i) or (ii) below, as applicable, as well as one or more of the other following
subparagraphs of this Section 2.06, as applicable:
(i) Transfer of Beneﬁcial Interests in the Same Global Note. Beneﬁcial interests in any Global Note may be transferred only to Persons who take
delivery thereof in the form of a beneﬁcial interest in such Global Note. No written orders or instructions shall be required to be delivered to the
Registrar to effect the transfer described in this S,e,cjtion2,.0n6,(h)l(i):
(ii) AlLcheriTransfers,and,EX,chan gespf Beneﬁcia1,Interests,in,Glo,b,aLNotes. In connection with all transfers and exchanges of beneﬁcial
interests (other than a transfer of a beneﬁcial interest in a Global Note to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneﬁcial interest in the
same Global Note), the transferor of such beneﬁcial interest must deliver to the Registrar (A) (1) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect
Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to credit or cause to be credited a beneﬁcial
interest in another Global Note in an amount equal to the beneﬁcial interest to be transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions given in accordance
with the Applicable Procedures containing information regarding the Participant account to be credited with such increase or (B) (1) a written order
from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to cause to
be issued a Deﬁnitive Note in an amount equal to the beneﬁcial interest to be transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions given by the Depositary to
the Registrar containing information regarding the Person in whose name such Deﬁnitive Note shall be registered to effect the transfer or exchange
referred to in (1) above. Upon notiﬁcation from the Registrar that all of the requirements for transfer or exchange of beneﬁcial interests in Global Notes
contained in this Indenture, the Notes and otherwise applicable under the Securities Act have been satisﬁed, the Trustee shall adjust the principal
amount of the relevant Global Notes pursuant to S,e,c,tion2,.0n6,(h) hereof.
(iii) [Reserved].
(iv) [Reserved].
(c) TransfenorExchangeioflieneﬁciaLIm,erestsiorDeﬁnitﬂeNcnes.
(i) [Reserved].
(ii) [Reserved].
(iii) If any holder of a beneﬁcial interest in a Global Note proposes to exchange such beneﬁcial interest for a Deﬁnitive Note or to transfer such
beneﬁcial interest to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Deﬁnitive Note, then, upon notice by the Registrar of satisfaction of the conditions
set forth in Section 2.06@(@_ hereof, the Trustee shall cause the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Global Note to be reduced accordingly
pursuant to Section 2.06(h) hereof, and the Issuers shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and make available for delivery to the Person designated
in the instructions a Deﬁnitive Note in the appropriate principal amount. Any Deﬁnitive Note issued in exchange for a beneﬁcial interest pursuant to this
SectionZJDEQCQQLQ] shall
-22-