[ 13112313 FAG-TORS
Some of these factors can vary by region and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have longer-term effects. The long-term
effects of these and other factors on prices for crude oil, reﬁnery feedstocks and reﬁned products are uncertain and could negatively impact our margins,
earnings or financial condition.
The short-term effects of these ﬂuctuations could affect our margins, earnings and cash ﬂows. We purchase our reﬁnery feedstocks weeks before
manufacturing and selling the reﬁned products. Price level changes during the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the reﬁned products could
affect our margins, earnings or cash flows. In addition, we purchase reﬁned products manufactured by others to sell to our customers. If we are unable to
manage our commodity exposure risk, it could affect our business, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations. Lower reﬁning margins may reduce the amount
of reﬁned products we produce, which may reduce our revenues, income from operations or cash ﬂows. Signiﬁcant reductions in margins could require us to
reduce our capital expenditures or impair the carrying value of our assets.
Volatile prices for natural gas and electricity used by our reﬁneries and other operations affect manufacturing and operating costs. Natural gas and
electricity prices have been, and will continue to be, affected by supply and demand for fuel and utility services in both local and regional markets. In addition,
the volume of crude oil, reﬁned products, natural gas and NGLs that TLLP distributes and stores at its terminals, transports and processes depends substantially
on our and other customers’ profit margins, the market price of crude oil, natural gas, NGLs and other refinery feedstocks, and product demand.
A substantial change to fiscal or tax policies may adversely affect our business.
Recent events have given rise to a heightened possibility of a substantial change to ﬁscal and tax policies, which may include comprehensive tax reform. We
cannot predict the impact these changes will have on our business; however, it is possible that these changes could adversely affect our business, our cash flows,
our proﬁtability, and our ability to compete domestically and internationally. Until we know what changes are enacted, we will not know the type or extent of the
effects on our business.
We may be unsuccessful in integrating the operations of the assets we have acquired or may acquire in the future, or in realizing all or any part of the
anticipated benefits of any such acquisition.
If we are unable to successfully integrate our acquisitions into our business, we may never realize their expected beneﬁts. With each acquisition, we may
discover unexpected costs, environmental liabilities, delays, or lower than expected cost savings or synergies. In addition, we may be unable to successfully
integrate the diverse company cultures, retain key personnel, apply our expertise to new competencies, or react to adverse changes in commodity prices or
industry conditions.
We cannot predict with certainty the beneﬁts of these acquisitions, which often constitute multi-year endeavors. For example, our proposed acquisition of
Western Reﬁning is uncertain and, if completed, will require substantial capital during 2017 and later years. If we are unable to realize all or part of the projected
benefits from this or other acquisitions within our expected timeframes, our business, results of operations and financial condition may suffer.
We are subject to interruptions of supply and increased costs as a result of our reliance on logistics assets for the transportation of crude oil, feedstocks
and refined products within our business.
Our subsidiaries own and operate seven reﬁneries in the western United States, which reﬁne crude oil and other feedstocks into reﬁned products for sale to
a wide variety of markets. We rely on a variety of logistics assets to transport crude oil, feedstocks and reﬁned products, including, but not limited to, marine
vessels, marine terminals, rail, pipelines, product terminals, storage tanks and trucks. Some of these assets are owned and operated by third-parties. In particular,
losing access to certain assets owned by TLLP could halt production at some of our reﬁneries. Accidents, natural disasters, government regulation, third-party
actions or other events outside of our control could impede our use or increase the cost of using these assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations.
Adverse changes in global economic conditions and the demand for transportation fuels may impact our business and ﬁnancial condition in ways that we
currently cannot predict.
Our business is affected by the strength of the US. and global economies, and the risk of global economic downturn continues. Prolonged downturns could
result in declines in consumer and business conﬁdence and spending as well as increased unemployment and reduced demand for transportation fuels. These
conditions may decrease the creditworthiness of our suppliers, customers and business partners, which could interrupt or delay our suppliers’ performance of
our contracts, reduce or delay customer purchases, delay or prevent customers from obtaining ﬁnancing to purchase our products, or result in bankruptcy of
customers or business partners. Any of these events may adversely affect our cash flow, profitability and financial condition.
December 31, 2016 | 17