]
We elected to perform our annual goodwill impairment analysis using a two-step quantitative assessments process on the goodwill recorded in ﬁve
reporting units of our TLLP segment and the qualitative assessment process on the remaining goodwill in the reporting units in our other two segments as of
November 1, 2016.
As part of our two-step quantitative goodwill impairment process for TLLP’s five reporting units, we engaged a third-party appraisal ﬁrm to assist in the
determination of estimated fair value for each reporting unit. This determination includes estimating the fair value of each reporting unit using both the income
and market approaches. The income approach requires management to estimate a number of factors for each reporting unit, including projected future
operating results, economic projections, anticipated future cash ﬂows and discount rates. The market approach estimates fair value using comparable
marketplace fair value data from within a comparable industry grouping. The determination of the fair value of the reporting units requires us to make significant
estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions primarily include, but are not limited to, the selection of appropriate peer group companies,
control premiums appropriate for acquisitions in the industries in which we compete, the discount rates, terminal growth rates, and forecasts of revenue,
operating income, depreciation and amortization and capital expenditures.
Factors utilized in the qualitative assessment include, among other things, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors,
overall financial performance, company specific operating results and other relevant entity-specific events affecting individual reporting units.
We determined that no impairment charges resulted from our November 1, 2016 goodwill impairment assessment. Furthermore, the fair value of each of
the ﬁve reporting units tested in step one of the goodwill impairment test were materially in excess of the carrying value, and as such, we were not required to
perform step two. There were no impairments of goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
We evaluate our indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually in the fourth quarter and at other times when an event occurs or circumstances
change such that an impairment may exist. In evaluating our indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets for impairment, we assess qualitative factors to determine whether
it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indeﬁnite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying value. If, after completing the qualitative assessment, we
determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of the indeﬁnite-lived intangible asset is greater than its carrying amount, the asset is not impaired. If we
conclude it is more likely than not that the fair value of the indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets is less than the carrying value, we would then proceed to a
quantitative impairment test, which consists of a comparison of the fair value of the intangible assets to their carrying amounts. There were no impairments of
indefinite-lived intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
INCOME TAXES. As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we must assess the likelihood that our deferred income tax assets
will be recovered through future taxable income. We must establish a valuation allowance to the extent we believe that recovery is not likely. Signiﬁcant
managementjudgment is required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred income tax assets. We have recorded a valuation allowance
of$26 million on certain federal and state net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards as of December 31, 2016, most of which were obtained with the
acquisition of Virent. The valuation allowance is primarily due to certain tax restrictions placed on Virent’s loss carryforwards after the change in control. The
valuation allowance on other tax credit carryforwards pre-dating the Virent acquisition is based on our estimate of taxable income in each jurisdiction in which
we operate and the period over which deferred income tax assets will be recoverable. We may need to establish an additional valuation allowance if actual
results differ from these estimates or we make adjustments to these estimates in future periods. We also recognize the financial statement effects of a tax position
when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination.
PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BEN EAt‘ESJunting for pensions and other postretirement beneﬁts involves several assumptions and estimates
including discount rates, expected rate of return on plan assets, rates of compensation, health care cost trends, inﬂation, retirement rates and mortality rates.
We must assume a rate of return on funded pension plan assets in order to estimate our obligations under our deﬁned beneﬁt plans. Due to the nature of these
calculations, we engage an actuarial ﬁrm to assist with these estimates and the calculation of certain employee beneﬁt expenses. We record an asset for our
plans overfunded status or a liability if the plans are underfunded. The funded status represents the difference between the fair value of our plans’ assets and the
projected beneﬁt obligations. While we believe the assumptions we used are appropriate, signiﬁcant differences in actual experience or signiﬁcant changes in
assumptions would affect pension and other postretirement beneﬁts costs and obligations. We determine the discount rate primarily by reference to the
effective yields on high quality corporate bonds that have a comparable cash ﬂow pattern to the expected payments to be made under our plans. The expected
return on plan assets is based upon the weighted averages of the expected long-term rates of return for the broad categories of investments held in our plans
and also uses a three-year average of the market value of plan assets. These assumptions can have a signiﬁcant effect on the amounts reported in our
consolidated financial statements.
56 | Tesoro Corporation