[ mm» GONSOA ]
for accounting purposes and are TLLP’s primary customer. Under our long-term transportation agreements with TLLP (discussed further below), transactions
with us accounted for 59%, 55% and 83% of TLLP’s total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. In the event TLLP incurs
a loss, our operating results will reﬂect TLLP’s loss, net of intercompany eliminations, to the extent of our ownership interest in TLLP. All intercompany
transactions with TLLP are eliminated upon consolidation.
USE OF ESTIMATES
We prepare our consolidated ﬁnancial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S.
GAAP”), which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and disclosures of assets and liabilities at the date of
the ﬁnancial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the year. We review our estimates on an ongoing basis, based on currently
available information. Changes in facts and circumstances may result in revised estimates and actual results could differ from those estimates.
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents include bank deposits and low-risk short-term investments with original maturities of three months or less at the time of
purchase. Cash equivalents are stated at cost, which approximates market value. We place our cash deposits and temporary cash investments with high credit
quality ﬁnancial institutions. Our cash and cash equivalents may be uninsured or in deposit accounts that exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
insurance limit. Approximately $1.8 billion of our cash and cash equivalents are held in money market funds and are valued at the net asset value ("NAV”) of the
fund as determined by the fund manager, using ﬁxed and ﬂoating NAVs as a practical expedient. These money market funds are invested in high quality, short-
term securities, including obligations issued or guaranteed by the US. government or its agencies, ﬂoating and variable rate demand notes of US. and foreign
corporations and other short-term obligations with minimal volatility in principal. Currently, there are no redemption notice requirements or penalties, however,
the funds may impose a fee upon the sale of the investment or may temporarily suspend our ability to sell shares if the liquidity falls below required minimums
because of market conditions or other factors.
RECEIVABLES
Our receivables primarily consist of customer accounts receivable. Open credit is extended based on an ongoing evaluation of our customers’ ﬁnancial
condition and other factors. In certain circumstances, we may require prepayments, letters of credit, guarantees, or other forms of collateral. Credit risk with
respect to trade receivables is mitigated by the large number of customers comprising our customer base and their dispersion across various industries and
geographic areas of operations. Our allowance for doubtful accounts is based on numerous factors including current sales amounts, historical charge-offs and
specific accounts identified as high risk. After reasonable efforts to collect the amounts have been exhausted, balances are deemed uncollectible and are charged
against the allowance for doubtful accounts. Write-offs were immaterial in 2016, 2015 and 2014. The Company does not have any off-balance-sheet credit
exposure related to its customers.
INVENTORIES
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. We use the last-in, ﬁrst-out method to determine the cost of petroleum commodities, oxygenates and
by-products held by our US. subsidiaries. We determine the carrying value of inventories of crude oil held by our foreign subsidiaries using the ﬁrst-in, ﬁrst-out
cost method. We value merchandise along with materials and supplies at average cost.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
We capitalize the cost of additions, major improvements and modiﬁcations to property, plant and equipment ("Property Assets”). The cost of repairs to, and
normal maintenance of, Property Assets is expensed as incurred. Major improvements and modiﬁcations of Property Assets are those expenditures that extend
the useful life, increase the capacity or improve the operating efﬁciency of the asset, or improve the safety of our operations. The cost of Property Assets
constructed includes interest and certain overhead costs allocable to the construction activities. Capitalized interest totaled $31 million, $36 million and $25
million during 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and is recorded as a reduction to net interest and ﬁnancing costs in our statements of consolidated
operations.
December 31, 2016 | 67