[EEK FAG-TORS ]
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
Our proposed acquisition of Western Refining is subject to significant risks and uncertainties.
As described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have entered into a merger agreement, dated as of November 16, 2016, with Western
Reﬁning, Inc. (“Western Reﬁning”) pursuant to which, on the terms and subject to the conditions included therein, we have agreed to acquire Western Reﬁning.
Our ability to complete the proposed acquisition on a timely basis or at all is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the
following:
0 we may not obtain required shareholder approval;
0 we may not obtain required regulatory approvals or receipt of regulatory approvals may take longer than expected or may impose conditions to the
proposed acquisition that are not presently anticipated or cannot be met;
0 conditions to the proposed acquisition may not be fulfilled in a timely manner or at all; or
- unforeseen events and those beyond our control.
The proposed acquisition also subjects us to business uncertainties while it is pending and places other restrictions on our business, including, without
limitation:
- our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the proposed acquisition is completed and for a period of time thereafter;
0 our ability to maintain our relationships with our customers and other third parties we transact with, who may seek to change their existing business
relationships with us as a result of the proposed acquisition; and
- restrictions imposed on us under the merger agreement that prohibit us from entering into certain corporate transactions and taking other speciﬁed
actions without the consent of Western Reﬁning, which may prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the
completion of the acquisition.
We have incurred and expect to continue to incur signiﬁcant transaction and acquisition-related costs associated with the proposed acquisition. These, as
well as other unanticipated costs and expenses could have a material adverse effect on our ﬁnancial condition and operating results. Combining our businesses
may be more difﬁcult, costly or time consuming than expected. Integration involves numerous challenges, including our ability to integrate our businesses in an
efﬁcient and timely manner, integrate our systems and controls as well as integrate our relationships with our customers, suppliers, employees and other third
parties. The integration process may, for us and Western Reﬁning, result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in
standards, controls, procedures and policies.
The success of the proposed acquisition will depend on, among other things, our ability to realize the anticipated beneﬁts and cost savings from combining
our and Western Reﬁning’s businesses in a manner that facilitates growth opportunities and realizes anticipated synergies and costs savings. These anticipated
beneﬁts and cost savings may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected or could have other adverse effects that we do not
currently foresee.
The volatility of crude oil prices, reﬁned product prices and natural gas and electrical power prices may have a material adverse effect on our cash ﬂow
and results of operations.
Our reﬁning margins are inﬂuenced by the price of our reﬁning feedstocks-crude oil and other feedstocks-and the price of our reﬁned products. These
prices often move independently of each other, which can negatively impact our margins, earnings or cash flows. In recent years, prices have fluctuated
significantly due to global and local factors that are beyond our control, including:
0 production and availability of foreign and domestic crude oil and refined products;
0 production controls set and maintained by the members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries;
- transportation infrastructure availability, local market conditions, operation levels of other reﬁneries in our markets, and the import or export of crude
and refined products;
0 political instability, threatened or actual terrorist incidents, acts of war, and other global political conditions;
0 domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes;
0 the price, availability and efficiency of competing energy sources;
0 local, regional, national and worldwide economic conditions; and
0 weather conditions, hurricanes or other natural disasters.
16 | Tesoro Corporation