[ 13112313 FAG-TORS
We are also required to ensure the quality and purity of the products loaded at our loading racks and pipeline connections. If our quality control measures
were to fail or be compromised, we may have contaminated or off-speciﬁcation products commingled in our pipelines and storage tanks that could be sent to
customers and other end users. These types of incidents could result in product liability claims from our customers or other pipelines to which our pipelines
connect. These product liability claims may have a material adverse effect on our business or results or operations or our ability to maintain existing customers
or retain new customers.
We do not maintain insurance coverage against all potential losses. Marine vessel charter agreements may not provide complete indemnity for oil spills, and
any marine charterer’s liability insurance we carry may not cover all losses. If a loss event is not fully covered by insurance or if our insurers fail to honor their
coverage commitments for an insured event or if our counterparties fail to honor any indemniﬁcation agreements, it could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our operations are also subject to general environmental risks, expenses and liabilities, which could affect our results of operations.
From time to time we have been, and presently are, subject to litigation and investigations with respect to environmental and related matters, including
product liability claims related to the oxygenate methyl tertiary butyl ether. We may become involved in further litigation or other civil or criminal proceedings,
or we may be held responsible in any existing or future litigation or proceedings, the costs of which could be material.
We operate and have in the past operated retail stations with underground storage tanks in various jurisdictions. Federal and state regulations and
legislation govern the storage tanks, and compliance with these requirements can be costly. The operation of underground storage tanks poses certain risks,
including leaks. Leaks from underground storage tanks, which may occur at one or more of our retail stations, or which may have occurred at our previously
operated retail stations, may impact soil or groundwater and could result in fines or civil liability for us.
Large capital projects can take several years to complete, and if we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs or in a timely manner,
or if market conditions deteriorate signiﬁcantly between the project approval date and the project startup date, our results of operations, cash ﬂows or
project returns could be adversely impacted.
We are constructing several new projects and expanding existing ones, such as the construction of the Vancouver Energy Project and the Clean Product
Upgrade Project. The construction process involves numerous regulatory, environmental, political and legal uncertainties, most of which are not fully within our
control. If we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs or in a timely manner our results of operations or cash ﬂows could be adversely
affected. In addition, our revenues may not increase immediately upon the expenditure of funds because construction or expansion may occur over an extended
period of time, and we may not receive any material increases in revenues until after substantial completion of the project.
To approve a large-scale capital project, the project must meet an acceptable level of return on the capital to be employed in the project. We base these
economic projections on our best estimate of future market conditions that are not within our control. Most large-scale projects take many years to complete
and during this multi-year period, market conditions can change from those we forecast due to changes in general economic conditions, available alternative
supply and changes in customer demand. Accordingly, we may not be able to realize our expected returns from a large investment in a capital project, and this
could negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows and return on capital employed.
Because of our debt obligations, our business, ﬁnancial condition, results of operations and cash ﬂows could be negatively impacted by a deterioration of
our credit profile, a decrease in debt capacity or unsecured commercial credit available to us, or by factors adversely affecting credit markets generally.
At December 31, 2016, our total debt obligations for borrowed money and capital lease obligations were $7.0 billion. We may incur substantial additional
debt obligations in the future.
Our indebtedness may impose various restrictions and covenants on us that could have material adverse consequences, including:
0 increasing our vulnerability to changing economic, regulatory and industry conditions;
- limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry;
- limiting our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders;
- limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; and
December 31, 2016 | 21