Kim K.W. Rucker, 50, joined Tesoro in March 2016 as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Ms. Rucker also serves as Executive Vice
President and General Counsel for TLGP. Before joining Tesoro, Ms. Rucker served as Executive Vice President, Corporate and Legal Affairs, General Counsel and
Corporate Secretary of Kraft Food Groups, lnc., a food and beverage company (now The Kraft-Heinz Company), from October 2012 to July 2015. She joined
Mondeléz International as Executive Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs, Kraft Foods North America in September 2012. Prior to that, she served as Senior
Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Ofﬁcer of Avon Products, lnc., a global manufacturer of beauty and related products, beginning in March
2008 and as Corporate Secretary in February 2009. Ms. Rucker also served as Senior Vice President, Secretary and Chief Governance Ofﬁcer of Energy Future
Holdings Corp. (formerly TXU Corp.), an energy company, from 2004 to 2008. She was Corporate Counsel for Kimberly-Clark Corporation and a Partner in the
Corporate & Securities group at Sidley Austin LLP in Chicago. Ms. Rucker serves on the board of directors of Lennox International Inc. She holds a bachelor of
business administration degree in economics from the University of Iowa, a law degree from the Harvard Law School and a master’s in public policy from the
John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
Steven M. Sterin 45, was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in August 2014. In August 2016, he also assumed leadership of
corporate development in support of our growth plans. Mr. Sterin also serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of TLGP. Prior to joining
Tesoro, Mr. Sterin served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Celanese Corporation, a global technology and specialty material company,
from July 2007 until May 2014 and continued to serve as an employee until August 2014. From December 2010 through January 2013, he was president of
Celanese’s Advanced Fuel Technologies business. Mr. Sterin joined Celanese in 2003 as Director of Finance and Controller for the company’s chemical business
and also served as Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer before being appointed CFO. Before Celanese, Mr. Sterin spent six years with global
chemicals company Reichhold, Inc. in a variety of ﬁnancial positions, including Director of Tax and Treasury in the Netherlands, Global Treasurer and Vice
President of Finance for one of the company’s divisions in North Carolina. Mr. Sterin holds a Master of Professional Accounting degree and a Bachelor of
Business Administration degree in accounting, which he earned concurrently at the University of Texas at Austin. He is also a certified public accountant in Texas.
Cynthia J. Warner, 58, was named Executive Vice President, Operations in August 2016. Prior to her current role, Mrs. Warner served as Executive Vice
President, Strategy and Business Development since October 2014. Before joining Tesoro, Mrs. Warner served as President, Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, and
Chairman of the Board of Sapphire Energy beginning in 2009.
Blane W. Peery, 50, was named Vice President and Controller of both Tesoro and TLGP in November 2016. Prior to that, he served as Vice President, Process
Excellence and Chief Information Ofﬁcer from February 2015 through October 2016. Mr. Peery has experience leading global accounting organizations,
business planning and analysis functions, supply chain groups, global shared services including finance, human resources, information technology, and mergers
and acquisitions integration. From March 2014 to February 2015, Mr. Peery served as VP, Global Business Services at Mylan N.V., a leading global
pharmaceutical company. Prior to that he worked for Celanese Corporation, a global technology and specialty materials company, for over 20 years in roles with
increasing responsibility, including positions as its Vice President, Global Business Services from October 2012 to March 2014, its Vice President, Supply Chain
from October 2011 to October 2012 and its first-ever Global Accounting Director. Mr. Peery began his career as an auditor for PricewaterhouseCoopers and is
a Certified Public Accountant (CPA). Mr. Peery holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in accounting, which he earned at the University of Texas at
Austin.
Stephan E. Tompsett, 40, was named Vice President, Treasurer and Credit in August 2016. From May 2015 through August 2016, he served as Chief
Financial Ofﬁcer, Logistics of Tesoro Companies, Inc. Prior to joining Tesoro, Mr. Tompsett served in a variety of ﬁnance roles at Energy Transfer Partners from
February 2011 to May 2015. From September 2008 to January 2011, he was Vice President, Corporate Development at Synthesis Energy Systems. He was an
associate at JPMorgan from July 2005 to August 2008. Mr. Tompsett holds a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Texas at Austin -
Red McCombs School of Business and a Bachelors of Science degree in biology and mathematics from the University of Texas at Austin.
WEBSITE ACCESS TO REPORTS AND OTHER INFORMATION
Our Internet website address is mpg/wwwisocorpcom. Information contained on our Internet website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other public ﬁlings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission ("SEC") are available, free of charge, on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. You may
also access these reports on the SEC’s website at hitg/jwwwsecgg.
December 31, 2016 | 15