(b) The Trustee may resign in writing at any time and be discharged from the trust hereby created by so notifying the Issuers. The Holders of at least a
majority in aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes may remove the Trustee by so notifying the Trustee and the Issuers in writing. The
Issuers may remove the Trustee if:
(1) the Trustee fails to comply with Section 7.10 hereof;
(2) the Trustee is adjudged a bankrupt or an insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect to the Trustee under any Bankruptcy Law;
(3) a custodian or public ofﬁcer takes charge of the Trustee or its property; or
(4) the Trustee becomes incapable of acting.
(c) If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the ofﬁce of Trustee for any reason, the Issuers will promptly appoint a successor
Trustee. Within one year after the successor Trustee takes ofﬁce, the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding
Notes may appoint a successor Trustee to replace the successor Trustee appointed by the Issuers.
(d) If a successor Trustee does not take ofﬁce within 60 days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Trustee (at the Issuers’ expense),
the Issuers, or the Holders of at least 10% in aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for
the appointment of a successor Trustee.
(e) If the Trustee, after written request by any Holder who has been a Holder for at least six months, fails to comply with Section 7.10 hereof, such
Holder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor Trustee.
(t) A successor Trustee will deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Issuers. Thereupon, the resignation or
removal of the retiring Trustee will become effective, and the successor Trustee will have all the rights, powers and duties of the Trustee under this Indenture.
The successor Trustee will mail a notice of its succession to Holders. The retiring Trustee will promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the
successor Trustee; provided all sums owing to the Trustee hereunder have been paid and subject to the Lien provided for in Section’LDl hereof.
Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this ,S,e,c,ti,onl.0,8,, the Issuers’ obligations under SectionJJOJ hereof will continue for the beneﬁt of
the retiring Trustee.
Section 7.09 Successor Trustee by Merger, etc.
Ifthe Trustee consolidates, merges or converts into, or sells or otherwise transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business to, another
corporation, the successor corporation without any further act will be the successor Trustee. As soon as practicable, the successor Trustee shall mail a notice
of its succession to the Issuers and the Holders of the Notes.
Section 7.10 Eligibility; Disqualification.
There will at all times be a Trustee hereunder that is a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America or of
any state thereof that is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trustee power, that is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state
authorities and that has a combined capital and surplus of at least $100.0 million as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition.
This Indenture will always have a Trustee who satisﬁes the requirements of TIA § 310(a)(1), (2) and (5). The Trustee is subject to TIA § 310(b).
Section 7.11 Preferential Collection of Claims Against the Issuers.
The Trustee is subject to TIA § 311(a), excluding any creditor relationship listed in TIA § 311(b). A Trustee who has resigned or been removed shall be
subject to TIA § 31 1(a) to the extent indicated therein.
ARTICLE 8
LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE
Section 8.01 Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.
-50-