Exhibit 4.29
EXECUTION VERSION
FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this "ilpplementaLIndentulte"), dated as of May 12, 2016, by and among
Tesoro Logistics LP, a limited partnership organized under the laws of Delaware (the “Partnership”), and Tesoro Logistics Finance
Corp., a Delaware corporation (together with the Partnership, the “Issuers”), the Guarantors party hereto (the “Guarantors”) and US.
Bank National Association, as trustee (the “T,1:u,s,tee”).
W I T N E S S E T H
WHEREAS, each of the Issuers and the Guarantors (as deﬁned in the Indenture referred to below) has heretofore
executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture (as amended or supplemented prior to the date hereof the “Indenture”), dated as of
August 1, 2013, providing for the issuance of 6.125% Senior Notes due 2021 (the “Easting Notes”);
WHEREAS, Section 2.13 of the Indenture provides that Additional Notes ranking paripassu with the Existing Notes
may be created and issued from time to time by the Issuers (subject to the Issuers’ compliance with Section 4.09 of the Indenture)
without notice to or consent of the Holders and shall be consolidated with and form a single class with the Existing Notes and shall have
the same terms as to status, redemption or otherwise as the Existing Notes; and
WHEREAS, the Issuers and the Guarantors desire to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture for the purpose of
issuing $250,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of additional notes, having terms substantially identical in all material respects to
the Existing Notes (the “Additional Notes” and, together with the Existing Notes, the “Notes”); and
WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental
Indenture.
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of
which is hereby acknowledged, the parties mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as
follows:
(1) Capitalizedjlerms. Capitalized terms used herein without deﬁnition shall have the meanings assigned to them in
the Indenture.
(2) AdditionaLSecunties. As of the date hereof, the Issuers will issue, and the Trustee is directed to authenticate and
deliver, the Additional Notes under the Indenture, having terms substantially identical in all material respects to the Existing
Notes, at an issue price of 100.25 0%, plus accrued and unpaid interest from April 15, 2016. The Existing Notes and the
Additional Notes shall be treated as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture.
(3) Governing Law. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
(4) Counterparts. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall
be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.
(5) Effect of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction
hereof.