Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantors will be jointly and
severally obligated to pay the same immediately. Each Guarantor agrees that this is a guarantee of payment and not a guarantee of collection.
(b) The Guarantors hereby agree that their obligations hereunder are unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Notes
or this Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof, the
recovery of any judgment against the Issuers, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance (other than complete performance) which might
otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a Guarantor. Each Guarantor further, to the extent permitted by law, hereby waives diligence,
presentment, demand of payment, ﬁling of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of an Issuer, any right to require a proceeding ﬁrst
against an Issuer, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenants that its Note Guarantee will not be discharged except by complete performance
of the obligations contained in the Notes and this Indenture.
(c) If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any court or otherwise to return to an Issuer, the Guarantors or any custodian, trustee, liquidator or other
similar ofﬁcial acting in relation to any of the Issuers or the Guarantors, any amount paid by an Issuer or any Guarantor to the Trustee or such Holder, this
Note Guarantee, to the extent theretofore discharged, will be reinstated in full force and effect.
(d) Each Guarantor agrees that it will not be entitled to any right of subrogation in relation to the Holders in respect of any obligations guaranteed
hereby until payment in full of all obligations guaranteed hereby. Each Guarantor further agrees that, as between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the
Holders and the Trustee, on the other hand, (1) the maturity of the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Articlej, hereof for the
purposes of its Note Guarantee, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations
guaranteed thereby, and (2) in the event of any declaration of acceleration of such obligations as provided in Articlej, hereof, such obligations (whether or
not due and payable) will forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for the purpose of this Note Guarantee. The Guarantors will have the right to
seek contribution from any non—paying Guarantor so long as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Holders under the Note Guarantee.
Section 10.02 Limitation on GuarantorLiability.
Each Guarantor, and by its acceptance of Notes, each Holder, hereby conﬁrms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Note Guarantee of such
Guarantor not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform
Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar federal or state law to the extent applicable to any Note Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Trustee,
the Holders and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of such Guarantor will be limited to the maximum amount that will, after giving
effect to such maximum amount and all other contingent and ﬁxed liabilities of such Guarantor that are relevant under such laws, and after giving effect to
any collections from, rights to receive contribution from or payments made by or on behalf of any other Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other
Guarantor under this Article 10, result in the obligations of such Guarantor under its Note Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance.
Section 10.03 Note Guarantee
The Note Guarantee of any Guarantor shall be evidenced solely by its execution and delivery of this Indenture (or, in the case of any Guarantor that is
not party to this Indenture on the date of this Indenture, a supplemental indenture hereto) and not by an endorsement on, or attachment to, any Note of any
Note Guarantee or notation thereof. To effect any Note Guarantee of any Guarantor not party to this Indenture on the date of this Indenture, such future
Guarantor shall execute and deliver a supplemental indenture substantially in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto, which supplemental indenture shall be
executed and delivered on behalf of such Guarantor by an Ofﬁcer of such Guarantor.
Section 10.04 Evidenced by Indenture; N0 Notation 0f Subsidiary Guarantee.
Each Guarantor hereby agrees that its Note Guarantee set forth in Section 10.01 hereof will remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to
endorse on any Note a notation of such Note Guarantee.
The delivery of any Note by the Trustee, after the authentication thereof hereunder, will constitute due delivery of the Note Guarantee set forth in this
Indenture on behalf of each of the Guarantors.
Section 10.05 Guarantors May Consolidate, etc., on Certain Terms.
-5 6-