As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms “Tesoro,” the “Company,” “we,” "us" or "our" may refer to Tesoro Corporation, one or more of its
consolidated subsidiaries or all of them taken as a whole. The words “we,” “us” or “our” generally include Tesoro Logistics LP (“TLLP”), a publicly traded limited
partnership, and its subsidiaries as consolidated subsidiaries of Tesoro Corporation with certain exceptions where there are transactions or obligations between
TLLP and Tesoro Corporation or its other subsidiaries. When used in descriptions of agreements and transactions, "TLLP" or the “Partnership” refers to TLLP and
its consolidated subsidiaries.
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Tesoro was incorporated in Delaware in 1968. Headquartered in San NGLs processing assets, and crude oil and reﬁned products terminalling,
Antonio, Texas, we are one of the largest independent petroleum reﬁning, transportation and storage assets acquired from Tesoro and third parties.
logistics and marketing companies in the United States. Our common stock The TLLP ﬁnancial and operational data presented include the historical
trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "TSO.” results of all assets acquired from Tesoro prior to the dates they were
acquired by TLLP. The historical results of operations of these assets have
Our business is organized into three operating segments: been retrospectively adjusted to conform to the current presentation.
REFINING. Our reﬁning operating segment reﬁnes crude oil and other MARKETING. Our marketing segment sells transportation fuels through
feedstOCks into transportation fuels; sucn as gaSOIine and gaSOIine branded and unbranded channels. The branded business sells transportation
biendstoc'<5, let fuel and diesel fuel, as we” as other prOdUCtS, inCIUding fuels usinga unique brand portfolio with the ARCO®, Shell®, Exxon®, Mobil®,
neaVY fuel Oils: liquefied petr0ieurn gas and petr0ieum COke for sale in bUik USA GasolineTM, RebeITM,ThriftyTM and Tesoro® brands across a network of
markets to a wide variety of customers within our markets. 2,492 retan station5_
TLLP-Our logistics operating segment, Whicn is comprised ot Ti-i-P's See Notes 15 and 19 to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements in Item 8
assets and operations; inc'Udes certain crUde Oil and natural gas gathering for additional information on our operating segments and properties.
assets, natural gas and
(m in
_ REFINING
OVERVIEW. We currently own and operate seven petroleum reﬁneries
located in the western United States with a combined crude oil capacity of CALIFORNIA REFINERIES
895 Mbpd. Our Reﬁning segment buys and reﬁnes crude oil and other
feedstocks into transportation fuels that we sell to a wide variety of
customers. Demand for gasoline is higher during the spring and summer
months than during the fall and winter months in most of our markets due to , m*
seasonal changes in vehicle miles traveled. As a result, our operating results Mart'nez
for both the Reﬁning and Marketing segments for the ﬁrst and fourth
quarters are typically lower than the second and third quarters. a
REGIONS. We currently operate the Reﬁning segment in three separate ,
regions: California, Paciﬁc Northwest and Mid-Continent. Our geographic Los An eles
footprint and integrated logistics and marketing businesses enable our g
reﬁneries to interact across these regions providing higher asset utilization
and lower 0 eratin costs wh'le ma'nta'n'n well-balanced roduct su l'es
to better sense our cgustomersl I I I g p pp I Crude Oil Capacity/ 2016 Throughput (in Mbpd)
' Los Angeles: 380/364
Martinez: 166 / 143
4 | Tesoro Corporation