of the Code. All references herein to sections of the Treasury Regulations shall include any corresponding provision or provisions of
succeeding, similar or substitute, temporary or ﬁnal Treasury Regulations.
“TRMC” has the meaning set forth in the introduction to this Agreement.
“TRMC Contribution” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).
ABIICLEJI
CONTRIBUTIONS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Section 2.1 ConleyancehyLTRMCLtrLthenGenenaLBaLtneI:.
(a) Effective as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, TRMC hereby assigns, transfers, contributes, grants,
bargains, conveys, sets over and delivers to the General Partner, its successors and its assigns, for its and their own use forever, the
entire right, title, interest, responsibilities, coverages and liabilities of TRMC in and to the Assets, including any responsibilities,
coverages and liabilities under any permit or license included in the Assets, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances of any kind or
nature, other than as set forth on Exhibit B to this Agreement (the “Permitted Liens”). In addition, concurrently with the contribution of
the Assets, TRMC is also executing and delivering the Contracts. The contribution of the Assets and execution and delivery of the
Contracts described in this .S,e,c,tion,2.,l(a), shall be referred to in this Agreement as the “TRMC,C,ont1ib,ution.”
(b) TRMC makes the TRMC Contribution in exchange for the issuance as of the Effective Date of an additional
membership interest in the General Partner equal to the percentage increase in the capital of the General Partner based on the value of
the TRMC Contribution as a contribution to the capital of the General Partner.
(c) The General Partner hereby accepts the TRMC Contribution as a contribution to the capital of the General Partner.
(d) The Parties hereby acknowledge that the Excluded Assets and Liabilities are being retained by TRMC and are not
being contributed or transferred as part of the TRMC Contribution.
Section 2.2 CLQHXQX21,11,967hymthjLGQILQILaLBaLtIlﬁLtlLthﬁLBﬁlling:ShjI;.
(a) Effective as of the Effective Time, the General Partner hereby assigns, transfers, contributes, grants, bargains,
conveys, sets over and delivers to the Partnership, its successors and its assigns, for its and their own use forever, the entire right, title,
interest, responsibilities, coverages and liabilities of the General Partner in and to the Assets, including any responsibilities, coverages
and liabilities under any permit or license included in the Assets, ﬁee and clear of all liens and encumbrances of any kind or nature,
other than the Permitted Liens. In addition, concurrently with the contribution of the Assets, TRMC is also executing and delivering
5
80950117