Defined in
Term Section
“Second Commitment” 4.10
“Subject Lien” 4.12
“Termination Date” 4.18
Section 1.03 Incorporation by Reference of T rust Indenture Act.
This Indenture will be subject to the mandatory provisions of the TIA, which unless otherwise indicated are incorporated by reference in and made a
part of this Indenture. Whenever this Indenture refers to a provision of the TIA, the provision is incorporated by reference in and made a part of this Indenture.
The following TIA terms if used in this Indenture have the following meanings:
“indentureisecun'ties” means the Notes and the Note Guarantees;
"indentute,securityIHolder" means a Holder of a Note;
“indentureitoibeiqualiﬁed” means this Indenture;
“indenturejrustee” or “institutional,truste,e,” means the Trustee; and
“oingg” on the Notes and the Note Guarantees means the Issuers and the Guarantors, respectively, and any successor obligor upon the Notes and the
Note Guarantees, respectively.
All other terms used in this Indenture that are deﬁned by the TIA, deﬁned by TIA reference to another statute or deﬁned by SEC rule under the TIA
have the meanings so assigned to them.
Section 1.04 Rules of Construction.
Unless the context otherwise requires:
(1) a term has the meaning assigned to it;
(2) an accounting term not otherwise deﬁned has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP;
(3) “or” is not exclusive;
(4) words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the singular;
(5) both “shall” and “will” shall be interpreted to express a command;
(6) provisions apply to successive events and transactions; and
(7) references to sections of, or rules under, the Securities Act or the Exchange Act shall be deemed to include substitute, replacement or successor
sections or rules adopted by the SEC from time to time.
ARTICLE 2
THE NOTES
Section 2.01 Form and Dating.
The Notes and the Trustee’s certiﬁcate of authentication shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. The Notes may have notations,
legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule or usage. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The Notes shall be in
denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $ 1 ,000 in excess thereof.
The terms and provisions contained in the Notes shall constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of this Indenture, and the Issuers, the Guarantors
and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. However, to the
extent any provision of any Note conﬂicts with the express provisions of this Indenture, the provisions of this Indenture shall govern and be controlling.
-20-