[EEK FAG-TORS ]
- requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash ﬂow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for working
capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other purposes.
Reﬁning optimization requires precise inventory management, which we perform through combinations of working capital and debt. A decrease in our debt
or commercial credit capacity, including unsecured credit extended by third-party suppliers, or a deterioration in our credit proﬁle, could increase our costs of
borrowing money or limit our access to the capital markets and commercial credit, which could affect our ability to manage our inventory or otherwise
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Our business may be negatively affected by work stoppages, slowdowns or strikes by our employees, as well as new labor requirements.
As of December 31, 2016, approximately 2,090 of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements at our Anacortes, Mandan, Martinez, Los
Angeles and Salt Lake City reﬁneries. The agreements for approximately 1,750 of these employees will expire on February 1, 2019, agreements for approximately
80 others will expire on March 1, 2017, and agreements for the remaining represented employees expire on May 1, 2019. A strike, work stoppage or other labor
action could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
In addition, California requires reﬁnery owners to pay prevailing wages to contract craft workers and restricts reﬁners’ ability to hire qualiﬁed employees to
a limited pool of applicants. Legislation or changes in regulations (e.g. the US. Department of Labor’s recent interpretation regarding joint
employers/independent contractors) could result in labor shortages higher labor costs, and an increased risk that contract employees become joint employees
of Tesoro, which could trigger bargaining issues, employment discrimination liability issues as well as wage and beneﬁt consequences, especially during critical
maintenance and construction periods.
Ownership of the general partner of TLLP may involve a greater exposure to legal liability than our historic business operations.
One of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of TLLP. Our control of the general partner may increase the possibility of claims of breach of ﬁduciary
duties including claims of conﬂicts of interest related to TLLP. Any liability resulting from such claims could have a material adverse effect on our future business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
ITEM 18. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Our principal properties are described in Item 1 under “Reﬁning,” “TLLP” and “Marketing.” We believe that our properties and facilities are adequate for our
operations and are adequately maintained. We, along with TLLP, are the lessee under a number of cancellable and noncancellable leases for certain properties,
including ofﬁce facilities, retail facilities, ship charters, barges and equipment used in the storage, transportation and production of feedstocks and reﬁned
products. We conduct our marketing business through a network of 2,492 retail stations. Our unbranded business includes volumes sold through agreements
with third-party distributors/operators at terminals supporting our reﬁneries. See Note 12 and 15 to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements in Item 8 for
additional information on our leased properties.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
In the ordinary course of business, we become party to lawsuits, administrative proceedings and governmental investigations, including environmental,
regulatory and other matters. Large, and sometimes unspeciﬁed, damages or penalties may be sought from us in some matters and certain matters may require
years to resolve. Although we cannot provide assurance, we believe that an adverse resolution of the matters described below will not have a material adverse
impact on our liquidity, financial position, or results of operations.
UNRESOLVED MATTERS
MERGER-RELATED LITIGATION. On February 7, 2017, a Tesoro stockholder ﬁled a purported class action complaint in the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware, captioned Carl Arias v. Gregory] Goff, et al., Case No. 2017-0094-, on behalf of himself and all other Tesoro stockholders against the current members
of our board of directors. The complaint alleges that our directors breached their ﬁduciary duties of care, loyalty, good faith and/or disclosure by failing to
disclose to our stockholders all material
22 | Tesoro Corporation