Event of Default if it determines that Withholding notice is in their interest, except a Default or Event of Default relating to the payment of principal, interest
or premium, if any. The Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes by notice to the Trustee may, on behalf of
the Holders of all of the Notes, rescind an acceleration or waive any existing Default or Event of Default and its consequences under the Indenture except a
continuing Default or Event of Default in the payment of interest or premium, if any, on, or the principal of, the Notes. The Issuers and the Guarantors are
required to deliver to the Trustee annually a statement regarding compliance with the Indenture, and the Issuers and the Guarantors are required, within ten
Business Days of becoming aware of any Default or Event of Default, to deliver to the Trustee a statement specifying such Default or Event of Default.
14. Trustee Dealings with the Issuers. The Trustee, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits from, and perform
services for the Issuers or their Affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Issuers or their Affiliates, as if it were not the Trustee.
15. No Recourse Against Others. No past, present or future director, ofﬁcer, partner, member, employee, incorporator, manager or unitholder or other
owner of Equity Interest of the Issuers, the General Partner or any of their Subsidiaries, as such, will have any liability for any obligations of the Issuers or any
Guarantor under the Notes, the Indenture, the Note Guarantees or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each
Holder by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issuance of the Notes and the
Note Guarantees.
16. Authentication. This Note will not be valid until authenticated by the manual signature of the Trustee or an authenticating agent.
17. Abbreviations. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (=tenants in common), TEN ENT
(= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform
Gifts to Minors Act).
18. C USIP Numbers. Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identiﬁcation Procedures, the Issuers have
caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes and the Trustee may use CUSIP numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders. No
representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice of redemption and reliance may be
placed only on the other identiﬁcation numbers placed thereon.
19. Governing Law. THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES AND THE NOTE GUARANTEES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
The Issuers will furnish to any Holder upon written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture. Requests may be made to the Issuers at the
following address:
TESORO LOGISTICS LP
TESORO LOGISTICS FINANCE CORP.
19100 Ridgewood Parkway
San Antonio, Texas 78259-1828
Attention: Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
A—6