(e) Unless otherwise speciﬁcally provided in this Indenture, any demand, request, direction or notice from the Issuers will be sufﬁcient if signed by an
Ofﬁcer of each of the Issuers.
(i) The Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights orpowers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the
Holders unless such Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity or security satisfactory to it against the losses, liabilities and expenses that might be
incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction.
(g) The Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certiﬁcate, statement, instrument,
opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document, but the Trustee,
in its discretion, may make such ﬁlrther inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see ﬁt, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make such
ﬁlrther inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books, records and premises of the Issuers, personally or by agent or attorney at the sole
cost of the Issuers and shall incur no liability or additional liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation.
(h) The Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of Default unless a Responsible Ofﬁcer of the Trustee has actual knowledge
thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a default is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Ofﬁce of the Trustee, and such
notice references the Notes and this Indenture.
(i) The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and beneﬁts given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemniﬁed, are
extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act
hereunder.
(j) The Trustee may request that the Issuers deliver an Ofﬁcers’ Certiﬁcate setting forth the names of individuals and/ or titles of Officers authorized at
such time to take speciﬁed actions pursuant to this Indenture, which Ofﬁcers’ Certiﬁcate may be signed by any person authorized to sign an Ofﬁcers’
Certiﬁcate, including any person speciﬁed as so authorized in any such certiﬁcate previously delivered and not superseded.
Section 7.03 Individual Rights of Trustee.
The Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with the Issuers or any Afﬁliate
of the Issuers with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. However, in the event that the Trustee acquires any conﬂicting interest (as deﬁned in
the TIA) it must eliminate such conﬂict within 90 days, apply to the SEC for permission to continue as trustee (if this Indenture has been qualiﬁed under the
TIA) or resign. Any Agent may do the same with like rights and duties. The Trustee is also subject to Sections 7.10 and 7.11 hereof.
Section 7.04 Trustee ’5' Disclaimer.
The Trustee will not be responsible for and makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Notes, it shall not be
accountable for the Issuers’ use of the proceeds from the Notes or any money paid to the Issuers or upon the Issuers’ direction under any provision of this
Indenture, it will not be responsible for the use or application of any money received by any Paying Agent other than the Trustee, and it will not be
responsible for any statement or recital herein or any statement in the Notes or any other document in connection with the sale of the Notes or pursuant to this
Indenture other than its certiﬁcate of authentication.
Section 7.05 Notice of Defaults.
Ifa Default or Event of Default occurs and is continuing and if it is actually known to a Responsible Ofﬁcer of the Trustee, the Trustee will mail to
Holders of Notes a notice of the Default or Event of Default within 90 days after the later of (a) the date of the Default or Event of Default shall have occurred
and (b) the date such Responsible Ofﬁcer ﬁrst had such actual knowledge. Except in the case of a Default or Event of Default in payment of principal of,
premium, if any, or interest on, any Note, the Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long as a committee of its Responsible Ofﬁcers in good faith
determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of the Holders of the Notes.
Section 7.06 Reports by Trustee to Holders of the Notes.
(a) Within 60 days after each May 15 beginning with the May 15 following the date of this Indenture, and for so long as Notes remain outstanding, the
Trustee will mail to the Holders of the Notes a brief report dated as of such reporting date that complies with TIA § 313(a) (but if no event described in TIA §
313(a) has occurred within the twelve months preceding the reporting date, no report need be transmitted). The Trustee also will comply with TIA § 313(b)
(2). The Trustee will also transmit by mail all reports as required by TIA § 313(0).
-48-