[ WEE GONSOA WW ]
declaratory relief action challenging coverage of the primary policy assigned to us when we acquired the reﬁnery. The policies provide for coverage up to S190
million for expenditures in excess of S50 million in self-insurance. We have not recognized possible insurance recoveries under the policies and have appealed
the order.
Refer to Note 3 for additional environmental matters relating to TLLP.
LEGAL MATTERS
In the ordinary course of business, we become party to lawsuits, administrative proceedings and governmental investigations, including environmental,
regulatory and other matters. Large, and sometimes unspeciﬁed, damages or penalties may be sought from us in some matters. We have not established accruals
for these matters unless a loss is probable, and the amount of loss is currently estimable. See current legal proceedings in Part I, Item 3.
TAX
We are subject to extensive federal, state and foreign tax laws and regulations. Newly enacted tax laws and regulations, and changes in existing tax laws and
regulations, could result in increased expenditures in the future. Congress and the administration continue to explore options for reform of the domestic
corporate tax code. Several of these options, if enacted into law, could have a signiﬁcant impact on our tax liability. We are also subject to audits by federal, state
and foreign taxing authorities in the normal course of business. It is possible that tax audits could result in claims against us in excess of recorded liabilities.
However, we believe that resolution of any such claim(s) would not have a material impact on our liquidity, ﬁnancial position, or results of operations. It is
reasonably possible that unrecognized tax beneﬁts may decrease by as much as S13 million in the next twelve months, related primarily to state apportionment
matters.
NOTE 16 — STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
NONCONTROLLING INTEREST
CHANGES IN NONCONTROLLING INTEREST (in millions)
December 31,
2016 2015
Balance at Beginning of Year S 2,527 S 2,522
Net earnings 126 150
Net proceeds from issuance of Tesoro Logistics LP Common Units 366 101
Distributions to noncontrolling interest (216) (182)
Amortization of TLLP equity settled awards 5 4
Deconsolidation of RGS (84) —
Consolidation of Vancouver Energy 8 —
Transfers to (from) noncontrolling interest from (to) Tesoro related to:
TLLP’s sale of common units (101) (114)
Tesoro’s acquisition of TLLP common units (a) 32 44
Other (1) 2
Balance at End of Year S 2,662 S 2,527
(a) Includes the net impact of $32 million and $44 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, to noncontrolling interest for ownership
changes occurring as a result of TLLP’s issuance of equity to the public and the issuance of TLLP common units to Tesoro for the Alaska Storage and Terminalling
Assets Acquisition, the Northern California Terminalling and Storage Assets Acquisition and the LA Storage and Handling Asset Acquisition.
December 31, 2016 | 103