WWW—‘WT‘ ]
EARNINGS PER SHARE
We compute basic earnings per share by dividing net earnings attributable to Tesoro Corporation stockholders by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share include the effects of potentially dilutive shares, principally consisting of common stock options
and unvested restricted stock, restricted stock units, market stock units and performance share awards outstanding during the period. Additionally, for the
diluted earnings per share computation, net earnings attributable to Tesoro Corporation is reduced, where applicable, for the decrease in earnings from Tesoro’s
limited partner unit ownership in TLLP that would have resulted assuming the incremental units related to TLLP’s equity incentive plans had been issued during
the respective periods.
NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS AND DISCLOSURES
REVENUE RECOGNITION. In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2014-09, I’Revenue
from Contracts with Customers” ("ASU 2014-09”) and has since amended the standard with ASU 2015-14, IIRevenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of
the Effective Date”, ASU 2016-08, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)”, ASU
2016-10, IIRevenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing”, and ASU 2016-12, "Revenue from Contracts with
Customers: Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients”. These standards replace existing revenue recognition rules with a single comprehensive
model to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers. We are required to adopt ASU 2014-09 on January 1, 2018.
We have been and continue to evaluate the impact of the standard’s revenue recognition model on our contracts with customers in the reﬁning, marketing
and TLLP segments. While we have made substantial progress in our review and documentation of the impact of the standard on our revenue agreements, we
continue to assess the impact in certain other areas where industry consensus continues to be formed such as agreements with terms that include non-cash
consideration and tiered pricing structures. At this time, we are unable to estimate the full impact of the standard until the industry reaches a consensus on
certain industry speciﬁc issues, especially in relation to the TLLP segment. However, we do not expect the standard to have a material impact to the amount or
timing of revenues recognized for the vast majority of our revenue arrangements in the Refining and Marketing segments.
We are currently in early stages of our implementation plan and are evaluating the impact of the standard on our business processes, accounting systems,
controls and financial statement disclosures. We preliminarily expect to transition to the new standard under the modiﬁed retrospective transition method,
whereby a cumulative effect adjustment is recognized upon adoption and the guidance is applied prospectively.
CONSOLIDATION. In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02 "Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis” ("ASU 2015-02”). This standard modiﬁes
existing consolidation guidance for reporting organizations that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. ASU 2015-02 is
effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and requires either a retrospective or a modiﬁed retrospective approach to
adoption. We adopted this guidance using the modiﬁed retrospective approach as ofJanuary 1, 2016 and performed the required reassessments outlined by the
guidance. For further information on the results of the reassessments, refer to Note 8, Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures.
BUSINESS COMBINATIOIIh September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16, IISimplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments” ("ASU
2015-16”). The standard requires an acquirer to recognize the cumulative impact of adjustments to provisional purchase price amounts that are identiﬁed
during the measurement period in the reporting period, in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The standard also requires an entity to present
separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in the notes the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would
have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provision amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 is
effective for the interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and must be applied prospectively to adjustments that occur after the effective
date. Early application is permitted for ﬁnancial statements that have not been issued. We adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2016 with no impact to our
financial statements.
72 | Tesoro Corporation