other than the Permitted Liens. This contribution shall be made for no additional consideration and the
Operating Company shall accept the Avon Marine Terminal Assets ﬁom the Partnership as a contribution to the
capital of the Operating Company.
(4) TRMC, the General Partner, the Partnership and the Operating Company will execute and deliver
such additional documents, instruments and certiﬁcations necessary or advisable in connection with the
conveyance of the Avon Marine Terminal Assets pursuant to this Section72,5, and the Avon Marine Terminal
Sublease Agreement.
ARTICLELIII
REPRESENTATIONS
Section 3.1 Representations of TRMC. TRMC hereby represents and warrants to the General Partner, the Partnership and
the Operating Company as follows:
(a) The Tankage, the Avon Wharf Pipeway and the Avon Marine Terminal are each in good working condition,
suitable for the purposes for which they are being used in accordance with accepted industry standards and all applicable laws and
regulations, subject, in the case of the Avon Marine Terminal, to the completion of the Avon Marine Terminal Renovation.
(b) TRMC has title to each of the Tankage, the Avon Wharf Pipeway and the Avon Marine Terminal Assets free and
clear of all liens and encumbrances of any kind or nature, other than the Permitted Liens. TRMC has title to each of the Tankage, the
Avon Wharf Pipeway, the Real Property Assets and the Avon Marine Terminal Assets that is sufﬁcient to operate each such Asset in
accordance with its intended and historical use, subject to all recorded matters and all physical conditions in existence.
(c) To TRMC’s knowledge, after reasonable investigation, there are no terms in any agreements included in the
Assets, the Contracts or the Avon Marine Terminal Assets that would materially impair the rights granted to the General Partner and
Partnership Group pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
((1) TRMC has previously delivered a true, correct and complete c0py of the Master Lease (and any amendments to
the Master Lease) to the General Partner, the Partnership and the Operating Company. The Master Lease is in full force and effect and
no defaults exist nor do any conditions exist that may result in any default under the Master Lease.
Section 3.2 RepresentationﬁfjhenGeneltalPantnelt. The General Partner hereby represents and warrants to TRMC that the
General Partner has full power and authority to act as general partner of the Partnership in all material respects.
Section 3.3 Representation of the Partnership. The Partnership hereby represents and warrants to the General Partner and
Tesoro that the Common Units and the General Partner Units of the Partnership issued to the General Partner pursuant to Section
2,2.(b), have been duly authorized
1 1
80950117