After an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective, it shall bind every Holder, unless it makes a change described in any of the clauses
(1) through (9) of Section 9.02, in which case, the amendment, supplement or waiver shall bind only each Holder of a note who has consented to it and every
subsequent Holder of a Note or portion of a Note that evidences the same indebtedness as the consenting Holder’s Note.
Section 9.05 Notation on or Exchange of Notes.
The Trustee may place an appropriate notation about an amendment, supplement or waiver on any Note thereafter authenticated. The Issuers in
exchange for all Notes may issue and the Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, authenticate new Notes that reﬂect the amendment,
supplement or waiver.
Failure to make the appropriate notation or issue a new Note will not affect the validity and effect of such amendment, supplement or waiver.
Section 9.06 Trustee to Sign Amendments, etc.
The Trustee will sign any amended or supplemental indenture authorized pursuant to this Article 9 if the amendment or supplement does not adversely
affect the rights, duties, liabilities or immunities of the Trustee. The Issuers may not sign an amended or supplemental indenture until the Boards of Directors
of each of the Issuers approves it. In executing any amended or supplemental indenture, the Trustee will be entitled to receive and (subject to Section 7.01
hereof) will be fully protected in relying upon, in addition to the documents required by Section 12.04 hereof, an Ofﬁcers’ Certiﬁcate and an Opinion of
Counsel stating that the execution of such amended or supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
neither an Opinion of Counsel nor an Ofﬁcers’ Certiﬁcate, nor a board resolution, shall be required for the Trustee to execute any supplemental indenture to
this Indenture, the form of which is attached as EXhibiLB hereto, adding a new Guarantor under this Indenture.
ARTICLE 10
NOTE GUARANTEES
Section 10.01 Guarantee.
(a) Subject to this Article 10, each of the Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, unconditionally guarantees, on an unsecured senior basis, to each
Holder of a Note authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns, irrespective of the validity and enforceability
of this Indenture, the Notes or the obligations of the Issuers hereunder or thereunder, that:
(1) the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, the Notes will be promptly paid in ﬁlll when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration,
redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of and interest on the Notes, if any, if lawﬁll, and all other obligations of the Issuers to
the Holders or the Trustee hereunder or thereunder will be promptly paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof; and
(2) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or any of such other obligations, that same will be promptly paid in ﬁlll
when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise.
Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantors will be jointly and
severally obligated to pay the same immediately. Each Guarantor agrees that this is a guarantee of payment and not a guarantee of collection.
(b) The Guarantors hereby agree that their obligations hereunder are unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Notes
or this Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof, the
recovery of any judgment against the Issuers, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance (other than complete performance) which might
otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a Guarantor. Each Guarantor further, to the extent permitted by law, hereby waives diligence,
presentment, demand of payment, ﬁling of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of an Issuer, any right to require a proceeding ﬁrst
against an Issuer, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenants that its Note Guarantee will not be discharged except by complete performance
of the obligations contained in the Notes and this Indenture.
(c) If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any court or otherwise to return to an Issuer, the Guarantors or any custodian, trustee, liquidator or other
similar ofﬁcial acting in relation to any of the Issuers or the Guarantors, any amount paid by an Issuer or
-5 5-