We have entered into spill-response contracts with various OSROs to Additionally, we require all tankers and barges engaged in moving crude
provide spill-response services, if required, to respond to a spill of oil oil, heavy and ﬁnished products to be double hulled. All vessels used by us to
originating from our facilities. We have spill-response agreements in Alaska transport crude oil and reﬁned products over water are examined or
with Cook Inlet Spill Prevention and Response, Incorporated and with evaluated and subjectto our approval prior to their use.
Alyeska Pipeline Service Company. We also have entered into contracts with
Marine 5p”| Response corporation for the san Franeiseo Bay, Puget Sound; RAIL CAR SAFETYIesoro maintains a ﬂeet of leased rail cars to
the Port .Of LOS Angeles and the Portof Long Beach’ and the ,Clean RN?“ transport crude and support our reﬁning operations. Generally, rail
Cooperative, Inc. for the Columbia Rlver, and Bay West, Inc. in our Mld- , _ ,
Continent region. These OSROS are capable of responding to an 0” 3pm on operations are subject to federal, state and local regulations. Over the last
water equal to the greatest volume above ground storage tank at our year, Tesoro has added over new tank cars to crUde
facilities or pipelines. Those volumes range from 50,000 to 600,000 barrels. ﬂeet. These cars exceed the new federal standards issued by the DOT during
We also contraet With one spiii'response organization OUtSide the U-5- to 2015. The new DOT regulations allow for an orderly phase out or retroﬁt of
support our shipments in foreign waters. In addition, we contract with various previous generation rail cars. In 2016’ Tesoro retroﬁt 250 cars While phasing
spill-response specialists to ensure appropriate expertise is available for any out 500 Older 0301232 tank cars_ Tesoro will continue to comply with a”
contingency. We believe these contracts provide the additional services . .
. . regulatory reqUIrements and order only new rall cars that are among the
necessary to meet or exceed all regulatory spill-response reqUIrements and _ _ _ _
supportourcommitmenttoenvironmental stewardship safest and most robust available at the time of order. TLLP rall operations are
limited to loading and unloading rail cars at its facilities. TLLP believes its
The OSROS we contract with have the highest availabie rating and entire rail car loading and unloading operations meet or exceed all applicable
certiﬁcation from the U.S. Coast Guard and are required to annually regulations.
demonstrate their response capability to the U.S. Coast Guard and state
agencies. We maintain our own spill-response resources to mitigate the pipELINE SAFETnur pipelines, gathering systems and terminai
impaet or a spill from a tanker at our reﬁneries until an OSRO can deploy its operations, including those owned by TLLP, are subject to increasingly strict
resources. Our spill response capability meets the U.S. Coast Guard and state safety |aws and regulations, The transportation and storage of reﬁned
reqUirements to either deploy on'Water containment eqUipment two and products, natural gas and crude oil involve a risk that hazardous liquids may
one-half times the length of a vessel at our dock or have smaller vessels be released into the environment, potentially causing harm to the public or
aVaiiabie- the environment. The DOT, through the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials
Safety Administration and state agencies, enforce safety regulations with
The serViCes prOVideCI by the OSROs prineipaiiy eonSist or operating respect to the design, construction, operation, maintenance, inspection and
response-related equipment, managing certain aspects Of a response and management of our pipeline and storage facilities.
providing technical expertise. The OSROs provide various resources in
response to an oil spill. The resources include dedicated vessels that have REGULATION OF PIPELINES. Operations on portions of our pipelines are
skimming equipment to recover oil, storage barges to temporarily store regulated by state agencies in Alaska and California. In addition, TLLP owns
recovered oil, containment boom to control the spread of oil on water and and operates crude oil, reﬁned product and natural gas pipelines, which are
land and to protect shorelines, and various pumps and other equipment common carriers regulated by various federal, state and local agencies. The
supporting oil recovery efforts and the protection of natural resources. The FERC regulates interstate transportation on TLLP’s High Plains System,
OSROs have full-time personnel and contract with third parties to provide Northwest Products Pipeline and natural gas pipeline under the Interstate
additional personnel when needed. Commerce Act, the Energy Policy Act of 1992 and the rules and regulations
promulgated under those laws.
As a general matter, our agreements with these organizations do not
contain speciﬁc physical or ﬁnancial limitations. General physical limitations Federal regUiation or interState Pipelines eXtends to soon matters as
of these organizations would include the geographical area for which rates; serViCe5, and terms and conditions or serViCe} the types or serViCes
services are available and the amount of resources available at the initiation offered to customers; the certiﬁcation and construction of new facilities; the
of a request for services or the duration of response and recovery efforts. vaUiSition, eXtenSion; dispOSition or abandonment 0f faCiiities; the
maintenance of accounts and records; relationships between afﬁliated
companies; the initiation and continuation of services; market manipulation
in connection with interstate sales, purchases or transportation of
commodities; and participation by interstate pipelines in cash management
arrangements.
December 31, 2016 | 13