l ammo]
The following table outlines how significant accomplishments during 2016 align with our strategic priorities:
SIGNIFICANT ACCOMPLISHMENTS DURING 2016
Operational Value
Efﬁciency & Value Chain Financial Driven High Performing
Effectiveness Optimization Discipline Growth Culture
Tesoro announced on November 17, 2016 it entered into a deﬁnitive agreement to
acquire Western Reﬁning. The transaction will result in a highly integrated and
geographically diversiﬁed reﬁning, marketing and logistics company. In conjunction
with the acquisition, Tesoro:
- completed an offering of $1.6 billion aggregate principal amount senior notes
due 2023 and 2026 with the proceeds to be used to reﬁnance certain Western
. . O O O O
Refining debt; and
- amended its revolving credit agreement to provide an incremental $1.0 billion
revolving facility.
- ﬁled a registration statement on Form 5-4, which was declared effective
February 16, 2017, to issue up to approximately 47.8 million shares to complete
the Merger.
TLLP announced it had entered into a purchase and sale agreement on November 21,
2016 to buy crude oil, natural gas and produced water gathering pipelines and two 0 O 0
processing facilities in the Bakken Region of North Dakota for $700 million that
closed on January 1, 2017.
Tesoro completed the following acquisitions:
- Virent, Inc., an innovative renewable fuels and chemicals company that supports
Tesoro’s renewable fuels strategy of developing high-quality, lower carbon,
renewable feedstocks and blendstocks that can either be co-processed in
existing refineries or blended seamlessly with traditional fuels;
- Dakota Prairie Reﬁning, LLC, including its reﬁnery ("Dickinson Reﬁnery") with O O O O
crude oil capacity of 20 Mbpd and produces ultra-low sulfur diesel, naphtha and
atmospheric residuals;
- crude oil pipeline and gathering system as well as transportation, storage and
rail loading facilities in the Williston Basin; and
- refined product terminals, truck racks, storage and rail loading facilities in Alaska
along with wholesale fuel marketing contracts.
Anacortes reﬁnery achieved one year of operations without an OSHA recordable
injury and received the Elite Silver Award from AFPM as part of their Distinguished O 0
Safety Awards process.
|TLLP’s Colton Clean Products ﬂeet reached 10 years and 8 million miles without an | O | | | | O |
on-road preventable accident.
TLLP completed its acquisition of:
- the Alaska Storage and Terminalling Assets from Tesoro; and O O O
- the Northern California Terminalling and Storage Assets from Tesoro.
Tesoro entered into a new senior revolving credit agreement which provides a total
capacity of $2.0 billion which is free from borrowing base redeterminations, 0
becomes unsecured if investment grade credit rating is achieved, and matures in
September 2020.
During 2016, TLLP:
- amended its credit agreement and entering into a new dropdown credit facility
providing additional resources for organic expansion opportunities and strategic
acquisitions;
- completed a $700 million registered senior notes offering with the proceeds 0
used to repay amounts then borrowed on its credit facilities; and
- completed an offering of $750 million aggregate principal amount of senior
notes with the proceeds used to repay amounts outstanding due to the
dropdown acquisitions.
December 31, 2016 | 29