[ mm» GONSOA WW ]
NOTE 18 — SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION
SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURES (in millions)
Years Ended December 31,
2016 2015 2014
Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures:
Interest paid, net of capitalized interest $ 199 $ 181 $ 129
Income taxes paid, net 136 882 309
Supplemental Disclosures of Non-cash Investing Activities:
Capital expenditures included in accounts payable at end of period $ 191 $ 137 $ 161
NOTE 19 — OPERATING SEGMENTS
The Company’s revenues are derived from three operating segments: Reﬁning, TLLP and Marketing. Our Reﬁning segment owns and operates seven
petroleum reﬁneries located in California, Washington, Alaska, North Dakota and Utah that manufacture gasoline and gasoline blendstocks, jet fuel, diesel fuel,
residual fuel oil and other reﬁned products. We sell these reﬁned products, together with reﬁned products purchased from third parties, to our Marketing
segment through terminal facilities and other locations and opportunistically export reﬁned products to foreign markets. TLLP’s assets and operations include
certain crude oil gathering assets, natural gas gathering and processing assets and crude oil and reﬁned products terminalling and transportation assets acquired
from Tesoro and other third parties. Revenues from the TLLP segment are generated by charging fees for gathering crude oil and natural gas, for processing
natural gas, and for terminalling, transporting and storing crude oil, and reﬁned products. Tesoro’s marketing business supplies gasoline and diesel across 16
states through both branded and unbranded marketing channels. We utilize various operating models in the operation of our retail stations. Since we do not
have significant operations in foreign countries, revenue generated and long-lived assets located in foreign countries are not material to our operations.
We evaluate the performance of our segments based primarily on segment operating income. Segment operating income includes those revenues and
expenses that are directly attributable to management of the respective segment. TLLP and marketing revenues include intersegment transactions with our
Refining segment. Corporate depreciation and corporate general and administrative expenses are excluded from segment operating income.
TLLP acquired certain assets from our Reﬁning segment, and the associated liabilities and results of operations are collectively referred to as the
“Predecessors.” The accompanying segment information presents certain ﬁnancial information of the Predecessors at historical cost. The ﬁnancial statements of
the Predecessors have been prepared from the separate records maintained by Tesoro and may not necessarily be indicative of the conditions that would have
existed or the results of operations if the Predecessors had been operated as a stand-alone business. The Predecessors did not record revenue for transactions
with our Refining segment.
December 31, 2016 | 109