good and sufﬁcient service of process and notice thereof; provided, however, that nothing in clause (e) hereof shall affect or limit any
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
Section 6.7 Severability:. If any of the provisions of this Agreement are held by any court of competent jurisdiction to
contravene, or to be invalid under, the laws of any political body having jurisdiction over the subject matter hereof, such contravention
or invalidity shall not invalidate the entire Agreement. Instead, this Agreement shall be construed as if it did not contain the particular
provision or provisions held to be invalid and an equitable adjustment shall be made and necessary provision added so as to give effect
to the intention of the Parties as expressed in this Agreement at the time of execution of this Agreement.
Section 6.8 Amendmentnor Modiﬁcation. This Agreement may be amended or modiﬁed from time to time only by the
written agreement of all the Parties. Each such instrument shall be reduced to writing and shall be designated on its face as an
amendment to this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, any amendment executed by the Partnership
or any of its subsidiaries shall not be effective unless and until the execution of such amendment has been approved by the Conﬂicts
Committee.
Section 6.9 Integration. This Agreement, together with the Schedules and Exhibits referenced herein, constitutes the entire
agreement among the Parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings of the
Parties in connection therewith.
Section 6.10 Speciﬁcjlerformance. The Parties agree that money damages may not be a sufﬁcient remedy for any breach of
this Agreement and that in addition to any other remedy available at law or equity, the Parties shall be entitled to seek speciﬁc
performance and injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy for any Party’s breach of this Agreement. The Parties agree that no
bond shall be required for any injunctive relief in connection with a breach of this Agreement.
Section 6.11 Deed; Bill of Sale; Assignment. To the extent required and permitted by applicable law, this Agreement shall
also constitute a “deed,” “bill of sale” or “assignment” of the Assets and interests referenced herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the
conveyance of the Assets from TRMC, the General Partner or the Partnership to the General Partner, the Partnership or the Operating
Company, all as applicable, is not intended to be treated as a sale for tax or any other purposes.
1 8
80950117