Section 12.08 Governing Law.
THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES AND THE NOTE GUARANTEES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
Section 12.09 No Adverse Interpretation ofOtherAgreements.
This Indenture may not be used to interpret any other indenture, loan or debt agreement of TLLP or its Subsidiaries or of any other Person. Any such
indenture, loan or debt agreement may not be used to interpret this Indenture.
Section 12.10 Successors.
All agreements of the Issuers and the Guarantors in this Indenture and the Notes will bind their successors. All agreements of the Trustee in this
Indenture will bind its successors. All agreements of each Guarantor in this Indenture will bind its successors, except as otherwise provided in Section 10.05
hereof.
Section 12.11 Severability.
In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Notes is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
Section 12.12 Counterpart Originals.
The parties may sign any number of copies of this Indenture. Each signed copy will be an original, but all of them together represent the same
agreement. This Indenture may be executed in multiple counterparts which, when taken together, shall constitute one instrument. The exchange of copies of
this Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmissions shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Indenture as to the parties
hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to
be their original signatures for all purposes.
Section 12.13 Table of Contents, Headings, etc.
The Table of Contents, Cross-Reference Table and Headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of
reference only, are not to be considered a part of this Indenture and will in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.
[Signatures on following page]
-61-