DISCUSSION mm ]
MARKET CONDITIONS AND PERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES
Our year-over-year operating performance and results are impacted signiﬁcantly by prevailing market conditions and our ability to drive value creation
across our businesses through high utilization, operational effectiveness and other annual improvements to our base business model. The following sections
outline the general market conditions impacting our business throughout 2016 and our delivery on previously established performance objectives designed to
maximize utilization, operate effectively and improve our core operations through other annual improvements. These sections should be read in conjunction
with the Results of Operations discussion in the following pages of this Management’s Discussion and Analysis.
MARKET CONDITIONS
2015 SUMMARYDuring most of 2015, we experienced above average margin environments in our regions due to various events and factors impacting
supply and demand. We saw crude oil price volatility continue in the fourth quarter of 2015 due to multiple factors including weak global demand, continued
supply growth outside the U.S. and political factors within the U.S., namely the lifting of the crude export ban. All of these events resulted in narrowing of U.S.
domestic crude differentials compared to similar world markets. Weaker seasonal product demand in the fourth quarter resulted in lower margins than previous
quarters, but continued growth in West Coast gasoline demand and local supply disruptions brought about higher than normal margins in our West Coast
regions for the fourth quarter. Gasoline margins were better than typically seen in the fourth quarter on growth in U.S. demand, while distillate margins were
lower due to global oversupply and slowing growth in both domestic and emerging economies.
2016 DOMESTIC. Domestic markets have continued to experience volatility, with the price of Brent crude oil increasing over 50% in 2016 and nearly 12% in
the fourth quarter. Supply growth in the Middle East and Russia in conjunction with declines in US crude production resulted in narrow domestic crude
differentials relative to other global regions in a post export ban environment. Supply outages, changing logistical infrastructure, political aftereffects as well as
improving domestic macroeconomic conditions have influenced all portions of our business.
In the markets in which we operate, product margins continue to reflect both global and regional fundamentals. Strong regional gasoline production was
offset by demand growth which kept West Coast gasoline cracks near seasonal norms. In the 4th quarter, weaker seasonal demand resulted in lower gasoline
cracks than the 3rd quarter, but increased exports to Mexico and Latin America provided support with West Coast margins averaging slightly below the ﬁve-year
fourth quarter average. During the ﬁrst three quarters of the year, slower global economic growth with the associated slower global diesel demand growth
resulted in a surplus of global inventory which weighed heavily on diesel product cracks. However, West Coast distillate margins improved in the last quarter of
2016 due to seasonal turnaround maintenance which resulted in lower production and inventory declines. While U.S. product stocks ended the year at the top
of the ﬁve year historical range, West Coast inventories of both gasoline and distillate were below the ﬁve year average reflecting a stronger fundamental
environment compared to the other domestic regions. We continue to monitor the impact of changes on prices and fundamentals on our business.
2016 GLOBAL.The global energy markets have also experienced volatility due to uncertainty for growth in the developing regions of the world, the
OPEC/non-OPEC crude production agreement, and ﬂuctuations in the ﬁnancial markets. The market for crude oil, natural gas and reﬁned products is affected by
changes in economic conditions and the associated supply and demand balance changes. Product values and crude oil prices are set by the market and are
outside our control. We expect global market conditions to drive continued volatility in our markets.
30 | Tesoro Corporation