[ 13112313 F'AGTORS
- The EPA adopted a new rule in 2015 requiring further reductions in the National Ambient Air Quality Standard for ozone.
In addition, pre-rulemaking is underway in California to implement the recommendations made in 2014 by the Governor’s Interagency Reﬁnery Safety
Working Group to signiﬁcantly expand the scope and requirements of California’s process safety management regulations. The ﬁnal requirements could have a
material impact on our cash flows, profitability and financial condition.
Regulatory and other requirements concerning the transportation of crude oil and other commodities by rail may cause increases in transportation costs
or limit the amount of crude that we can transport by rail.
We rely on a variety of systems to transport crude oil, including rail. In 2012, we completed the construction of a 50 Mbpd crude oil rail car unloading
facility in Anacortes, Washington (the "Anacortes Rail Facility”), which TLLP subsequently acquired from us. The Anacortes Rail Facility allows us to receive crude
oil into our Anacortes reﬁnery. We have also entered into a joint venture with Savage Companies to construct, own and operate a unit train unloading and
marine loading terminal at the Port of Vancouver, USA. The construction of the terminal is subject to approval by regulatory agencies and will have a capacity up
to 360 Mbpd.
In 2015 the US. Department of Transportation issued new standards and regulations applicable to crude-by-rail transportation (Enhanced Tank Car
Standards and Operational Controls for High-Hazard Flammable Trains). These or other regulations could increase the time required to move crude oil from
production areas to our reﬁneries, increase the cost of rail transportation and decrease the efﬁciency of shipments of crude oil by rail within our operations.
Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
We rely upon certain critical information systems for the operation of our business, and the failure of any critical information system, including a cyber-
security breach, may result in harm to our reputation and business.
We depend heavily on our technology infrastructure and critical information systems, including data networks, telecommunications, remote connectivity,
cloud-based information controls, software applications and hardware, including those that are critical to operating our reﬁneries, pipelines, terminals, retail
stations and other business operations. In addition, we collect sensitive data, including personally identiﬁable information of our customers using credit cards at
our retail outlets.
We are in the process of completing the enterprise resource planning project (see further discussion in Item 7) which aims to simplify business processes by
implementing a standardized and scalable technology platform. Large information systems and business process transformations such as this one are complex
and require signiﬁcant investments in system software, business process development and employee resources. Our business and results of operations may be
adversely affected if we experience operating problems, scheduling delays, cost overages or service limitations. Additionally, we may not achieve all of the
expected synergies with this project which may impact our ability to achieve the project’s objectives.
Our technology infrastructure and information systems are subject to damage or interruption from a number of potential sources including natural
disasters, software viruses or other malware, power failures, cyber-attacks, employee error or malfeasance, and other events. Although we have experienced
actual or attempted breaches of our cybersecurity, none of these breaches have had a material effect on our business, operations or reputation (or
compromised any customer data). However, no cybersecurity or emergency recovery processes is failsafe, and if our safeguards fail or our data or technology
infrastructure is compromised, the safety and efﬁciency of our operations could be materially harmed, our reputation could suffer, and we could be subject us
to additional costs, liabilities, and costly legal challenges, including those involving privacy of customer data. Any of these outcomes could materially harm our
business and operations. Finally, state and federal legislation relating to cybersecurity could impose new requirements, which could increase our costs or reduce
our efficiency.
Disruption of our ability to obtain crude oil could adversely affect our operations, revenue and cash flow.
To maintain or increase production levels at our reﬁneries, we must continually contract for crude oil supplies from third parties. A material decrease in
crude oil production from the ﬁelds that supply our reﬁneries as a result of decreased exploration and production activity, natural production declines or
otherwise, could result in a decline in the volume of crude oil available to our reﬁneries. Such an event could result in an overall decline in volumes of reﬁned
products processed at our refineries and a corresponding reduction in our revenue and cash flow.
In addition, many of our logistics agreements contain minimum volume commitments. If we do not satisfy the minimum volume commitments, we will still be
responsible for payment for transportation and storage services as if we had utilized such minimum volumes.
December 31, 2016 | 19