ARTICLE 12
MISCELLANEOUS
Section 12.01 Trust Indenture Act Controls.
Ifany provision of this Indenture limits, qualiﬁes or conﬂicts with the duties imposed by TIA §318(c), the imposed duties will control.
Section 12.02 Notices.
Any notice or communication by the Issuers, any Guarantor or the Trustee to the others is duly given if in writing and delivered in Person or by ﬁrst
class mail (registered or certiﬁed, return receipt requested), facsimile transmission or overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery, to the others’
address:
If to the Issuers and/ or any Guarantor:
Tesoro Logistics LP
Tesoro Logistics Finance Corp.
19100 Ridgewood Parkway
San Antonio, Texas 78259-1828
Facsimile No.: 844-711-9189
Attention: Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
With a copy to:
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP
425 Lexington Avenue
New York, New York 10017
Facsimile No.: 212-455-2000
Attention: Kenneth B. Wallach
If to the Trustee:
US. Bank National Association
5 35 Griswold Street
Suite 550
Detroit, Michigan 48226
Facsimile No.: 313-963-9428
Attention: Global Corporate Trust Services
The Issuers, any Guarantor or the Trustee, by notice to the others, may designate additional or diﬁ‘erent addresses for subsequent notices or
communications.
All notices and communications (other than those sent to Holders) will be deemed to have been duly given: at the time delivered by hand, if personally
delivered; ﬁve calendar days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed; when receipt acknowledged, if transmitted by facsimile; and the
next Business Day after timely delivery to the courier, if sent by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery.
Any notice or communication to a Holder will be electronically delivered, mailed by ﬁrst class mail, certiﬁed or registered, return receipt requested, or
by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery to its address shown on the register kept by the Registrar. Any notice or communication will also be
so delivered or mailed to any Person described in TIA § 313(c), to the extent required by the TIA. Failure to deliver a notice or communication to a Holder or
any defect in it will not affect its sufﬁciency with respect to other Holders.
Ifa notice or communication is mailed or otherwise delivered in the manner provided above within the time prescribed, such notice or communication
shall be deemed duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.
Ifthe Issuers deliver or mail a notice or communication to Holders, they will deliver or mail a copy to the Trustee and each Agent at the same time.
-59-