WW“ “‘ DISGUSSION mm ]
(f) The Mandan Tier 3 Project is designed to lower the sulfur content in gasoline, which aligns with the new Federal Tier 3 standards. The project will install a gasoline
hydrotreater and associated infrastructure with completion expected before the end of 2019. The Mandan Tier 3 Project remains subject to ﬁnal board approval as
well as the review and approval by regulatory agencies.
(g) The Naphtha lsomerization Project is a portion of the Clean Products Upgrade Project at our Anacortes, Washington reﬁnery that will improve our capability to
deliver cleaner local transportation fuels. The project is progressing with construction and is designed to lower the sulfur content in gasoline, which aligns with the
new Federal Tier 3 standards.
TURNAROUNDS AND BRANDING CHARGES
In addition to our capital spending program, we have expenditures for turnarounds, catalyst and branding charges.
SIGNIFICANT PLANNED TURNAROUN DS BY LOCATION AND BRANDING CHARGES (in millions)
Significant Turnarounds and
Turnarounds Los Angeles Martinez Anacortes Kenai Mandan Salt Lake City catalysts Branding Charges Total Expenditures
2016 0 0 O S 334 S 80 $ 414
Planned 2017 o o o o o 360 100 460
OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
We have not entered into any transactions, agreements or other contractual arrangements, other than our leasing arrangements described in Note 1 to our
consolidated financial statements in Item 8 that would result in off-balance sheet liabilities.
ENVIRONMENTAL
We are a party to various litigation and contingent loss situations, including environmental and income tax matters, arising in the ordinary course of
business. Although we cannot predict the ultimate outcomes of these matters with certainty, we have accrued for the estimated liabilities when appropriate. We
believe that the outcome of these matters will not have a material impact on our liquidity or ﬁnancial position, although the resolution of certain of these matters
could have a material impact on our interim or annual results of operations. Additionally, if applicable, we accrue receivables for probable third-party
recoveries.
ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS AND REGULATION/Se are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. These laws, which
change frequently, regulate the discharge of materials into the environment and may require us to remove or mitigate the environmental effects of the disposal
or release of petroleum or chemical substances at various sites, install additional controls or make other modiﬁcations to certain emission sources, equipment or
facilities.
Future expenditures may be required to comply with the Clean Air Act and other federal, state and local requirements for our various sites, including our
reﬁneries, tank farms, pipelines and currently and previously owned or operated terminal and retail station properties. The impact of these legislative and
regulatory requirements, including any greenhouse gas cap-and-trade program or low carbon fuel standards, could result in increased compliance costs,
additional operating restrictions on our business and an increase in the cost of the products we manufacture, which could have a material adverse impact on
our liquidity, consolidated financial position, or results of operations.
The Energy Independence and Security Act was enacted into federal law in December 2007 creating a second Renewable Fuels Standard ("RFSZ”) requiring
the total volume of renewable transportation fuels (including ethanol and advanced biofuels) sold or introduced in the US. to reach 20.5 billion gallons in 2015
and to increase to 36.0 billion gallons by 2022. These requirements could reduce future demand growth for petroleum products that we manufacture. In the
near term, the RFSZ presents ethanol production and logistics challenges for the ethanol, alternative fuel and reﬁning and marketing industries. We are currently
meeting the RFSZ requirements through a combination of RINs that were carried over from prior periods, blending renewable fuels obtained from third parties
and purchases of RINs in the open market. The spending related to the purchases of RINs for 2016 was not material to our operations and the spending for 2017
is not expected to be material based on our operations and the current regulatory environment. Actual costs related to RINs may differ due to changes in the
market price of RINs and the ultimate destinations of our products. Additional expenditures could be required to logistically accommodate the increased use of
renewable transportation fuels. While we cannot currently estimate the ultimate impact of this statute and implementing its regulations for future blending
mandates, and currently believe that the outcome will not have a material impact on our liquidity or ﬁnancial position, the ultimate outcome could have a
material impact on our results of operations.
52 | Tesoro Corporation