Additional acquisitions of assets by TLLP from us are governed by the Third Amended Omnibus Agreement, with the exception of the indemniﬁcations for
the acquisition of the six marketing and storage terminal facilities (the "Los Angeles Terminal Assets”) and the acquisition of the remaining logistics assets (the
"Los Angeles Logistics Assets”) initially acquired by us as part of the Los Angeles Acquisition in Southern California (the "Los Angeles Logistics Assets Acquisition”),
which are covered by the Carson Assets Indemnity Agreement.
CARSON ASSETS INDEMNITY AGREEMBNéZentered into the Carson Assets Indemnity Agreement with TLLP at the closing of the Los Angeles Logistics
Assets Acquisition effective December 6, 2013. The Carson Assets Indemnity Agreement establishes indemniﬁcation to TLLP for certain matters including known
and unknown environmental liabilities arising out of the use or operation of the Los Angeles Terminal Assets and the Los Angeles Logistics Assets prior to the
respective acquisition dates.
SECONDMENT AN D LOGISTICS SERVICES AGREEMIEiM'dinnection with TLLP’s purchase of certain terminalling and pipeline assets owned by Tesoro and
two of our subsidiaries on July 1, 2014, TLLP terminated the operational services agreement entered into at the closing of the Initial Offering and entered into the
Secondment and Logistics Services Agreement (the "Secondment Agreement”) with Tesoro to govern the provision of seconded employees to or from Tesoro,
TLLP, and its subsidiaries, as applicable. The Secondment Agreement, as amended as recently as November 2016, also governs the use of certain facilities of the
parties by the various entities. The services to be provided by such seconded employees, along with the fees for such services, will be provided on the service
schedules attached to the Secondment Agreement. Specialized services and the use of various facilities, along with the fees for such services, will be provided for
in service orders to be executed by parties requesting and receiving the service. All fees to be paid pursuant to the Secondment Agreement are indexed for
inflation.
KEEP-WHOLE COMMODITY AGREEMENELP processes gas for certain producers under “keep-whole” processing agreements. Under a keep-whole
agreement, a producer transfers title to the NGLs produced during gas processing, and the processor, in exchange, delivers to the producer natural gas with a
BTU content equivalent to the NGLs removed. The operating margin for these contracts is typically determined by the spread between NGLs sales prices and the
price paid to purchase the replacement natural gas ("Shrink Gas”). TLLP entered into a ﬁve-year agreement with Tesoro, which transfers the commodity risk
exposure associated with these keep-whole processing agreements from TLLP to Tesoro (the "Keep-Whole Commodity Agreement”). Under the Keep-Whole
Commodity Agreement with Tesoro, Tesoro pays TLLP a fee to process NGLs related to keep-whole agreements and delivers Shrink Gas to the producers on behalf
of TLLP. TLLP pays Tesoro a marketing fee in exchange for assuming the commodity risk. As of 2016, pricing under this agreement is subject to a tiered pricing
structure with pricing for a base level of NGLs production and pricing for incremental volumes over 315,000 gallons per day. The pricing for both the base and
incremental volumes are subject to revision each year.
IN CENTIVE DISTRIBUTION RIGIC’ISStcurrent with the close of the Northern California Terminalling and Storage Assets Acquisition and the announcement
of the North Dakota Gathering and Processing Assets transaction, TLGP has agreed to waive $100 million of general partner incentive distributions with respect
to 2017 and 2018, or $12.5 million per quarter, to support the balanced growth of the general and limited partners’ interests and maintain strong ﬁnancial
metrics.
ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITIES
In September 2013, the Partnership responded to the release of crude oil in a rural ﬁeld northeast of Tioga, North Dakota (the "Crude Oil Pipeline Release”).
The environmental liabilities related to the Crude Oil Pipeline Release include amounts estimated for remediation activities that will be conducted during the next
few years to restore the site for agricultural use. We accrued an additional $7 million during the year ended December 31, 2016 to reﬂect improved scope
deﬁnition and estimates, which resulted in an increase in the total estimated cost associated with the project. This incident was covered by our pollution liability
insurance policy, subject to a $1 million deductible and a $25 million loss limit in place at that time. Pursuant to this policy, there were no insurance recovery
receivables related to the Crude Oil Pipeline Release at both December 31, 2016 and 2015. The estimated remediation costs of $73 million exceeded our policy
loss limit by $48 million as of December 31, 2016. We received no insurance proceeds for the year ended December 31, 2016, and $18 million and $7 million in
reimbursement of costs incurred during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
On October 7, 2015, TLLP received an offer to settle a Notice of Violation (“NOV”) from the North Dakota Department of Health ("NDDOH"). The NOV was
issued on March 21, 2015, and alleges violations of water pollution regulations as a result of a release of crude oil that occurred near Tioga, North Dakota on our
gathering and transportation pipeline system in September 2013. TLLP is currently negotiating the settlement of this matter with the NDDOH. The ultimate
resolution of the matter will not have a material impact on our liquidity, financial position, or results of operations.
December 31, 2016 | 77