LOS ANGELESOur Los Angeles reﬁnery is located on approximately KENAI. Our Kenai reﬁnery is located on approximately 450 acres on the
930 acres in the Carson-Wilmington area of California about 20 miles south Cook Inlet near Kenai, Alaska about 60 miles southwest of Anchorage. The
of Los Angeles. The reﬁnery’s major processing units include crude reﬁnery’s major processing units include crude distillation, vacuum
distillation, vacuum distillation, delayed coking, hydrocracking, naphtha distillation, hydrocracking, hydrotreating, naphtha reforming, diesel
reforming, hydrotreating, ﬂuid catalytic cracking, butane isomerization and desulfurizing and light naphtha isomerization units, which produce
alkylation. The reﬁnery produces a high proportion of transportation fuels, transportation fuels, including gasoline and gasoline blendstocks, jet fuel and
including CARB gasoline and CARB diesel fuel, conventional gasoline, diesel diesel fuel, as well as other products, including heating oil, heavy fuel oils,
fuel and jet fuel. The reﬁnery also produces heavy fuel oils, liquefied liquefied petroleum gas and asphalt.
petroleum gas, petroleum coke, calcined coke and electricity.
MlD-CONTINENT REFINERIES
MARTINEZ. Our Martinez reﬁnery is located on approximately
2,200 acres in Martinez, California about 30 miles east of San Francisco. The i __
reﬁnery’s major processing units include crude distillation, vacuum Manan
distillation, delayed coking, hydrocracking, naphtha reforming, 7 O O
hydrotreating, ﬂuid catalytic cracking and alkylation units. The reﬁnery Dickinsn [E
produces a high proportion of transportation fuels, including CARB gasoline ’ 7
and CARB diesel fuel, conventional gasoline and diesel fuel. The reﬁnery also
produces liquefied petroleum gas and petroleum coke. 0 Hill}
PACIFIC NORTHWEST REFINERIES 53'” 9 °
l1 Crude Oil Capacity / 2016 Throughput (in Mbpd)
Salt Lake City: 63 / 58
. E Mandan: 74/71
, I. , . _ cortes Dickinson: 20 / 14 (b)
enai (b) Throughput for the 2016 period for Dickinson measured since our
acquisition of the refinery on June 28, 2016.
SALT LAKE ClT\Our Salt Lake City reﬁnery is located on approximately
dee OilcapaCity/st Throughpuui“ Mbpd) 150 acres in Salt Lake City, Utah. The reﬁnery’s major processing units
Anacortesz 120/124 (3) include crude distillation, ﬂuid catalytic cracking, naphtha reforming,
Kenah72/57 hydrotreating and alkylation units, which produce transportation fuels,
including gasoline, diesel fuel and jet fuel, as well as other products,
(a) Throughput can exceed crude oil capacity due to the processing of other including heavy fuel OilS and liquefied petroleum gas_
feedstocks in addition to crude oil.
MANDAN. Our Mandan reﬁnery is located on approximately 950 acres
ANACORTES- our Anacortes reﬁnery is located 0“ apprOXimate'V 950 along the Missouri River near Mandan, North Dakota. The reﬁnery’s major
acres in northWeSt waShington abouno miles north 0f seatt'e- The processing units include crude distillation, ﬂuid catalytic cracking, naphtha
reﬁnery's major processmg units inCIUde CrUde diSﬁHaﬁont vacuum reforming, hydrotreating and alkylation units, which produce transportation
diSﬁHaﬁon: deasphalﬁngI naphtha reforming, hydmtreaﬁng' “Uid catalytic fuels, including gasoline, diesel fuel and jet fuel, as well as other products,
cracking, butane isomerization and alkylation units, which enable us to including heavy fuel OilS and liquefied petroleum gas_
produce a high proportion of transportation fuels such as conventional
gaSOIine; diesel fuel and jet fue'- The reﬁnery 3'50 PrOdUCGS heaVY fuel OHS DlCKINSON.Acquired during 2016, our Dickinson reﬁnery is located on
andliqueﬁed Pe'CmIeum 835- 318 acres approximately 100 miles west of the Mandan reﬁnery near
Dickinson, North Dakota. The reﬁnery produces ultra-low sulfur diesel,
naphtha and residuals.
December 31, 2016 | 5