(e) If the Trustee, after written request by any Holder who has been a Holder for at least six months, fails to comply with Section 7.10 hereof, such
Holder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor Trustee.
(f) A successor Trustee will deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Issuers. Thereupon, the resignation or
removal of the retiring Trustee will become effective, and the successor Trustee will have all the rights, powers and duties of the Trustee under this Indenture.
The successor Trustee will mail a notice of its succession to Holders. The retiring Trustee will promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the
successor Trustee; provided all sums owing to the Trustee hereunder have been paid and subject to the Lien provided for in Section 7.07 hereof.
Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this Section 7.08, the Issuers’ obligations under Section 7.07 hereof will continue for the beneﬁt of
the retiring Trustee.
Section 7.09 Successor Trustee by Merger, etc.
Ifthe Trustee consolidates, merges or converts into, or sells or otherwise transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business to, another
corporation, the successor corporation without any further act will be the successor Trustee. As soon as practicable, the successor Trustee shall mail a notice
of its succession to the Issuers and the Holders of the Notes.
Section 7.10 Eligibility; Disqualification.
There will at all times be a Trustee hereunder that is a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America or of
any state thereof that is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trustee power, that is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state
authorities and that has a combined capital and surplus of at least $100.0 million as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition.
This Indenture will always have a Trustee who satisﬁes the requirements of TIA § 310(a)(1), (2) and (5). The Trustee is subject to TIA § 310(b).
Section 7.11 Preferential Collection of Claims Against the Issuers.
The Trustee is subject to TIA § 311(a), excluding any creditor relationship listed in TIA § 311(b). A Trustee who has resigned or been removed shall be
subject to TIA § 31 1(a) to the extent indicated therein.
ARTICLE 8
LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE
Section 8.01 Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.
The Issuers may at their option and at any time, elect to have either Section 8.02 or 8.03 hereof be applied to all outstanding Notes and all obligations
of the Guarantors with respect to the Note Guarantees upon compliance with the conditions set forth below in this Articlen8.
Section 8.02 Legal Defeasance and Discharge.
Upon the Issuers’ exercise under Section 8.01 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.02, the Issuers and each of the Guarantors will, subject to
the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof, be deemed to have been discharged from their obligations with respect to all outstanding
Notes (including the Note Guarantees) and all Events of Default cured on the date the conditions set forth below are satisﬁed (hereinafter, “Le/gm
Defeasance”). For this purpose, Legal Defeasance means that the Issuers and the Guarantors will be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire
Indebtedness represented by the outstanding Notes (including the Note Guarantees), which will thereafter be deemed to be “outstanding” only for the
purposes of ,S,e,c,tion,8,.05, hereof and the other Sections of this Indenture referred to in clauses (1) and (2) below, and to have satisﬁed all their other
obligations under the Notes, the Note Guarantees and this Indenture (and the Trustee, on demand of and at the expense of the Issuers, shall execute proper
instruments acknowledging the same) and to have cured all then existing Events of Default, except for the following provisions which will survive until
otherwise terminated or discharged hereunder:
(1) the contractual rights of Holders of outstanding Notes to institute suit for the enforcement of any payments in respect of the principal of, or
interest or premium, if any, on, such Notes when such payments are due from the trust referred to in Section 8.04 hereof;
-50-