WW“““‘“ 1
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Tesoro Corporation
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Tesoro Corporation as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, comprehensive income, equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016. These ﬁnancial
statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ﬁnancial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the ﬁnancial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and signiﬁcant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall ﬁnancial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the ﬁnancial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated ﬁnancial position of Tesoro Corporation at
December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2016, in conformity with US. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Tesoro Corporation’s internal
control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 21, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
/s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP
San Antonio, Texas
February 21, 2017
60 | Tesoro Corporation