ﬁ© GONSOA WW” “W ]
OTHER TRANSACTIONS
NORTH DAKOTA GATHERING AND PROCESSING ASSETSNovember 21, 2016, TLLP agreed to acquire crude oil, natural gas and produced water
gathering systems and two natural gas processing facilities from Whiting Oil and Gas Corporation, GBK Investments, LLC and WBI Energy Midstream, LLC (the
"North Dakota Gathering and Processing Assets") for total consideration of approximately $700 million. The North Dakota Gathering and Processing Assets
include crude oil, natural gas and produced water gathering pipelines, natural gas processing and fractionation capacity in the Sanish and Pronghorn ﬁelds of
the Williston Basin in North Dakota. The acquisition, which was subject to customary closing conditions including regulatory approval, closed January 1, 2017.
Given the acquisition date, it was impracticable for TLLP to develop an initial estimate for the fair value of identiﬁable assets acquired, residual goodwill or pro
forma information for disclosure in these financial statements.
ADDITIONAL EQUITY ISSUANCES
UNIT ISSUANCETLLP closed a registered public offering of 6.3 million common units representing limited partner interests, including the over-allotment
option exercised by the underwriter for the purchase of an additional 825 thousand common units, at a public offering price of $47.13 per unit on June 10,
2016. The net proceeds of $293 million were used for general partnership purposes, including debt repayment, acquisitions, capital expenditures and additions
to working capital.
ATM PROGRAMOnAugust 24, 2015, TLLP ﬁled a prospectus supplement to its shelf registration statement ﬁled with the Securities and Exchange
Commission ("SEC") on August 6, 2015, authorizing the continuous issuance of up to an aggregate of $750 million of common units, in amounts, at prices and on
terms to be determined by market conditions and other factors at the time of its offerings (such continuous offering program, or at-the-market program,
referred to as the "2015 ATM Program”). Prior to then, TLLP issued shares under a June 25, 2014 ﬁled prospectus supplement to its shelf registration statement
ﬁled with the SEC in 2012 (the "2014 ATM Program”). During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, TLLP issued under both the 2015 ATM Program
and the 2014 ATM Program an aggregate of 1,492,637 and 1,912,996 common units, respectively, generating proceeds of approximately $72 million and $103
million, respectively, before issuance costs. In 2014, under the 2014 ATM Program, TLLP issued 199,400 common units generating proceeds of approximately
$14 million before issuance costs. The net proceeds from issuances under these programs were used for general partnership purposes, which included debt
repayment, future acquisitions, capital expenditures and additions to working capital.
COMMERCIAL AGREEMENTS WITH TLLP
TLLP generates revenue by charging fees for gathering crude oil and natural gas, processing natural gas and for distributing, transporting and storing crude
oil and reﬁned products. We do not provide ﬁnancial or equity support through any liquidity arrangements or ﬁnancial guarantees to TLLP. In connection with
the acquisitions between Tesoro and TLLP, we entered into long-term, fee-based storage and throughput and use agreements.
TLLP provides us with various pipeline transportation, trucking, terminal distribution, gas processing, storage and coke-handling services under long-term,
fee-based commercial agreements expiring 2017 through 2026. These include ten-year use and throughput agreements and ten-year transportation agreements.
Each of these agreements, with the exception of the storage and transportation services agreement, contain minimum volume commitments. Each agreement has
fees that are indexed for inflation and provides us options to renew for two additional five-year term.
OTHER AGREEMENTS WITH TLLP
THIRD AMEN DED AND RESTATED OMNIBUS AGREEMIE/M'l'entered into an omnibus agreement with TLLP at the closing of TLLP’s initial public offering in
April 2011 (the "Initial Offering”). The omnibus agreement, most recently amended on November 21, 2016 (the "Third Amended Omnibus Agreement”) in
connection with TLLP’s purchase of certain terminalling and pipeline assets owned by Tesoro and two of our subsidiaries, contains the following key provisions:
- Non-compete clause between us and TLLP effective under certain circumstances;
0 Right of ﬁrst offer to TLLP for certain of our retained logistics assets, including certain terminals, pipelines, docks, storage facilities and other related
assets located in California, Alaska and Washington;
0 Payment of an annual fee to us for the provision of various general and administrative services;
- Reimbursement to TLLP for certain maintenance and expansion capital expenditures; and
- Indemnification to TLLP for certain matters, including pre-Initial Offering environmental, title and tax matters.
76 | Tesoro Corporation