0 Dow was named the ICIS Company of the Year, based on financial metrics, by weekly global publication ICIS Chemical
Business. The selection takes into account year-on-year growth in profits at the operating and net levels, as well as
margins.
- Dow was honored for the 12th consecutive year by the Human Rights Campaign for achieving a 100 percent rating on its
corporate equality index - a global benchmarking tool on corporate policies and practices related to lesbian, gay, bisexual
and transgender (LGBT) employees.
° On February 2, 2016, Dow announced the planned transition of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Andrew N. Liveris.
The transition will occur on the earlier of the material completion of the anticipated spins following the closing of the
announced DowDuPont merger transaction or June 30, 2017.
° On February 2, 2016, James R. Fitterling was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer. He succeeds Andrew N.
Liveris as President with Mr. Liveris continuing as the Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
° On April 15, 2016, Gary McGuire was elected Vice President and Treasurer, succeeding Fernando Ruiz, Corporate Vice
President and Treasurer, who announced his intention to retire from the Company.
Dow’s results of operations and financial condition for the year ended December 31, 2016, are described in further detail in the
following discussion and analysis.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
N et Sales
Net sales for 2016 were $48.2 billion, down 1 percent from $48.8 billion in 2015, with volume up 5 percent and price down
6 percent. Price decreased in all operating segments, except Agricultural Sciences which was ﬂat, and all geographic areas, due
to lower feedstock and raw material prices and competitive pricing pressures. Volume increases in Consumer Solutions (up
29 percent) and Infrastructure Solutions (up 23 percent), both of which include Dow Corning's silicones business, and
Performance Plastics (up 8 percent) more than offset lower volume in Performance Materials & Chemicals (down 14 percent,
primarily due to the split-oﬁ" of the chlorine value chain) and Agricultural Sciences (down 3 percent). Volume increased in Asia
Pacific (up 16 percent), North America (up 5 percent), EMEAI (up 3 percent) and declined in Latin America (down 1 percent).
Excluding recent acquisitions and divestitures“), volume was up 4 percent as increases in Performance Plastics (up 9 percent),
Consumer Solutions (up 4 percent) and Performance Materials & Chemicals (up 2 percent) more than offset declines in
Infrastructure Solutions (down 3 percent) and Agricultural Sciences (down 2 percent). On the same basis, volume increased in
all geographic areas, except Latin America which remained ﬂat.
Net sales for 2015 were $48.8 billion, down 16 percent from $58.2 billion in 2014, with volume up 1 percent and price down
17 percent. Price decreased in all operating segments and geographic areas, driven primarily by a decline in average crude oil
prices of approximately 45 percent and the unfavorable impact of currency, which represented nearly 30 percent of the price
decline. Double-digit price declines were reported in all geographic areas and all operating segments, except Agricultural
Sciences (down 8 percent) and Consumer Solutions (down 7 percent). Volume increases in Performance Plastics (up 5 percent),
Infrastructure Solutions (up 2 percent) and Consumer Solutions (up 1 percent) more than offset lower volume in Performance
Materials & Chemicals (down 6 percent) and Agricultural Sciences (down 4 percent). Volume increased in Asia Pacific (up
3 percent) and remained ﬂat in North America, EMEAI and Latin America. Excluding the impact of recent acquisitions and
divestitures“), Performance Materials & Chemicals volume was up 1 percent and Agricultural Sciences volume was down
3 percent. Volume increased in all geographic areas, led by Asia Pacific (up 4 percent).
Sales in the United States accounted for 35 percent of total sales in 2016 (35 percent in 2015 and 33 percent in 2014). See the
Sales Volume and Price tables at the beginning of the section titled “Segment Results” for details regarding the change in sales
by operating segment and geographic area. In addition, sales and other information by operating segment and geographic area
are provided in Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
(1) Excludes prior period sales of recent divestitures including the chlorine value chain, divested on October 5, 2015 (primarily Performance
Materials & Chemicals and Performance Plastics); the AgroFresh business, divested on July 31, 2015 (Agricultural Sciences); ANGUS
Chemical Company, divested on February 2, 2015 (Performance Materials & Chemicals); and the global Sodium Borohydride business,
divested on January 30, 2015 (Performance Materials & Chemicals). Also excludes current period sales related to the ownership
restructure of Dow Corning announced on June 1, 2016 (Consumer Solutions and Infrastructure Solutions) and sales from January 1,
2016 through April 30, 2016 for the step acquisition of Univation, acquired on May 5, 2015 (Performance Plastics).
33