GSBH Assets and Liabilities Divested on January 30, 2015 7
In millions 7
[Inventories $ 23
Net pgperty 21
lGoodwill 45 |
,Other intangible assets 75 7
[Total assets divested $ 164
Components of accumulated other comprehensive loss divested $ 2 7
[Net carrying value divested $ 166
Divestiture of ANGUS Chemical Company
On February 2, 2015, the Company sold ANGUS Chemical Company (“ANGUS”), part of the Performance Materials &
Chemicals segment, to Golden Gate Capital. The divestiture included the business headquarters and research and development
facility in Buﬁalo Grove, Illinois; manufacturing facilities located in Sterlington, Louisiana, and Ibbenbueren, Germany; a
packaging facility in Niagara Falls, New York, as well as the associated business, inventory, customer contracts, process
technology, business know-how and certain intellectual property. The sale was completed for $1,151 million, net of working
capital adjustments, costs to sell and other transaction expenses, with proceeds subject to customary post-closing adjustments.
The proceeds included a $10 million note receivable included in "Noncurrent receivables" in the consolidated balance sheets.
Post-closing adjustments were finalized in the fourth quarter of 2015. In 2015, the Company recognized a pretax gain of
$682 million on the sale, including post-closing adjustments of $ 12 million. The gain was included in "Sundry income
(expense) - net" in the consolidated statements of income and reﬂected in the Performance Materials & Chemicals segment.
ANGUS Assets and Liabilities Divested on February 2, 2015 7
In millions 7
|Current assets $ 124 |
Net pgperty 101
lGoodwill 292 l
:Deferred charges and other assets 8 :
[Total assets divested $ 525
Current liabilities s 17 *
[Other noncurrent liabilities 37
;Total liabilities divested $ 54
{Components of accumulated other comprehensive loss divested $ 10
;Net carrying value divested $ 481
Divestiture of the AgroFresh Business
On July 31, 2015, the Company sold its AgroFresh business, part of the Agricultural Sciences segment, to Boulevard
Acquisition Corp, which was subsequently renamed AgroFresh Solutions, Inc. (“AFSI”). The divestiture included trade
receivables, inventory, property, customer lists, trademarks and certain intellectual property. The sale was completed for
$859 million, net of working capital adjustments, costs to sell and other transaction expenses, with proceeds subject to
customary post-closing adjustments. The proceeds included a $635 million cash payment; 17.5 million common shares of
AFSI, which represented a 35 percent equity interest valued at $210 million based on the closing stock price on July 31, 2015
and included in “Investment in nonconsolidated aﬁiliates” in the consolidated balance sheets; and, a receivable for six million
warrants to purchase common shares of AFSI, which was valued at $14 million and classified as “Accounts and notes
receivable - other” in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company is also eligible to receive contingent consideration of
$50 million, subject to certain performance conditions. In addition, the Company has an ongoing tax receivable agreement with
AFSI, where AFSI is obligated to share with Dow tax savings associated with the purchase of the AgroFresh business. The
Company did not recognize the contingent consideration or tax receivable agreement as proceeds.
In 2015, the Company recognized a pretax gain of $626 million on the sale (including post-closing adjustments of $2 million),
of which $128 million related to the Company's retained equity interest in AF SI. The pretax gain was included in "Sundry
income (expense) - net" in the consolidated statements of income and reﬂected in the Agricultural Sciences segment.
88