PRINCIPAL PARTLY OWNED COMPANIES
Dow’s principal nonconsolidated affiliates at December 31, 2016, including direct or indirect ownership interest for each, are
listed below:
. . . _ Ownership . _ _
Prmczpal Nonconsolzdated Aﬁ‘ilzate Interest Busmess Descrzptzon
[Dow Corning Corporation (1) N/A A US. company that manufactures silicone and silicone I
products
EQUATE Petrochemical Company K.S.C. 42.50% A Kuwait-based company that manufactures ethylene,
polyethylene and ethylene glycol, and manufactures and
markets monoethylene glycol, diethylene glycol and
polyethylene terephthalate resins
|The HSC Group :_(1) ‘
DC HSC Holdings LLC (2) 50.00% A U.S.-based group of companies that manufactures
polycrystalline silicon products
| Hemlock Semiconductor L.L.C. 50.10% A US. company that sells polycrystalline silicon products I
The Kuwait Olefins Company K.S.C. 42.5 0% A Kuwait-based company that manufactures ethylene and
ethylene glycol
[The Kuwait Styrene Company K.S.C. 42.50% A Kuwait-based company that manufactures styrene I
monomer
Map Ta Phut Olefins Company Limited (3) 32.77% A Thailand-based company that manufactures propylene and
ethylene
Sadara Chemical Company (4) 35.00% A Saudi Arabian company that currently manufactures
chlorine, ethylene and propylene for internal consumption
and manufactures and sells polyethylene; will produce and
sell high—value added chemical products and other
performance plastics when fully operational
The SCG—Dow Group:
| Siam Polyethylene Company Limited 50.00% A Thailand-based company that manufactures polyethylene ‘
Siam Polygtyrene Company Limited 5 0.00% A Thailand-based company that manufactures polygtyrene
l Siam Styrene Monomer Co., Ltd. 50.00% A Thailand-based company that manufactures styrene ‘
: Siam Synthetic Latex Company Limited 5 0.00% A Thailand-based company that manufactures latex :
(1) As of June 1, 2016, Dow Corning, previously a 50:50 joint venture with Corning, became a wholly owned subsidiary of Dow as a result
of the DCC Transaction. Dow and Coming continue to maintain their historical proportional equity interest in the HSC Group. Dow
Corning was treated as a principal nonconsolidated affiliate through May 31, 2016. Beginning in June 2016, the results of Dow Corning,
excluding the HSC Group, are fully consolidated into the Company's consolidated statements of income. The results of the HSC Group
will continue to be reported as "Equity in earnings of nonconsolidated affiliates" in the Company's consolidated statements of income.
See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on this transaction.
(2) DC HSC Holdings LLC holds an 80.5 percent indirect ownership interest in Hemlock Semiconductor Operations.
(3) The Company's effective ownership of Map Ta Phut Olefins Company Limited is 32.77 percent, of which the Company directly owns
20.27 percent and indirectly owns 12.5 percent through its equity interest in Siam Polyethylene Company Limited and Siam Synthetic
Latex Company Limited.
(4) Dow is responsible for marketing the majority of Sadara products outside of the Middle East zone through the Company's established
sales channels. Under this arrangement, the Company purchases and sells Sadara products for a marketing fee.
See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding nonconsolidated affiliates.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC OPERATIONS AND EXPORT SALES
In 2016, the Company derived 65 percent of its sales and had 37 percent of its property investment outside the United States.
While the Company’s international operations may be subject to a number of additional risks, such as changes in currency
exchange rates and geopolitical risks in emerging geographies, the Company does not regard its foreign operations, on the
whole, as carrying any greater risk than its operations in the United States. Information on sales and long-lived assets by
geographic area for each of the last three years appears in Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and discussions of
the Company’s risk management program for foreign exchange and interest rate risk management appear in Part I, Item 1A.
Risk Factors; Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk; and Note 11 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.
1 8