current liabilities” and “Asbestos-related liabilities - noncurrent” in the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 15 for additional
information.
Use of Estimates in Financial Statement Preparation
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with US. GAAP requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company’s consolidated
financial statements include amounts that are based on management’s best estimates and judgments. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.
Foreign Currency Translation
The local currency has been primarily used as the functional currency throughout the world. Translation gains and losses of
those operations that use local currency as the functional currency are included in the consolidated balance sheets in
"Accumulated other comprehensive loss" ("AOCL"). For certain subsidiaries, the US. dollar is used as the functional currency.
This occurs when the subsidiary operates in an economic environment where the products produced and sold are tied to US.
dollar-denominated markets, or when the foreign subsidiary operates in a hyper-inﬂationary environment. Where the US.
dollar is used as the functional currency, foreign currency translation gains and losses are reﬂected in income.
Environmental Matters
Accruals for environmental matters are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the
liability can be reasonably estimated based on current law and existing technologies. These accruals are adjusted periodically as
assessment and remediation eﬁorts progress or as additional technical or legal information becomes available. Accruals for
environmental liabilities are included in the consolidated balance sheets in “Accrued and other current liabilities” and “Other
noncurrent obligations” at undiscounted amounts. Accruals for related insurance or other third-party recoveries for
environmental liabilities are recorded when it is probable that a recovery will be realized and are included in the consolidated
balance sheets as “Accounts and notes receivable - Other.”
Environmental costs are capitalized if the costs extend the life of the property, increase its capacity, and/or mitigate or prevent
contamination from future operations. Environmental costs are also capitalized in recognition of legal asset retirement
obligations resulting from the acquisition, construction and/or normal operation of a long-lived asset. Costs related to
environmental contamination treatment and cleanup are charged to expense. Estimated future incremental operations,
maintenance and management costs directly related to remediation are accrued when such costs are probable and reasonably
estimable.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include time deposits and investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of
purchase.
Financial Instruments
The Company calculates the fair value of financial instruments using quoted market prices whenever available. When quoted
market prices are not available for various types of financial instruments (such as forwards, options and swaps), the Company
uses standard pricing models with market-based inputs that take into account the present value of estimated future cash ﬂows.
The Company utilizes derivatives to manage exposures to foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rate
risk. The fair values of all derivatives are recognized as assets or liabilities at the balance sheet date. Changes in the fair value
of these instruments are reported in income or AOCL, depending on the use of the derivative and whether it qualifies for hedge
accounting treatment.
Gains and losses on derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash ﬂow hedging instruments are recorded in AOCL, to the
extent the hedges are effective, until the underlying transactions are recognized in income. To the extent effective, gains and
losses on derivative and nonderivative instruments used as hedges of the Company’s net investment in foreign operations are
recorded in AOCL as part of the cumulative translation adjustment. The ineffective portions of cash flow hedges and hedges of
net investment in foreign operations, if any, are recognized in income immediately.
Gains and losses on derivatives designated and qualifying as fair value hedging instruments, as well as the offsetting losses and
gains on the hedged items, are reported in income in the same accounting period. Derivatives not designated as hedging
instruments are marked-to-market at the end of each accounting period with the results included in income.
76