The Dow Chemical Company and Subsidiaries
PART I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Asbestos-Related Matters of Union Carbide Corporation
Union Carbide Corporation (“Union Carbide”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is and has been involved in a large
number of asbestos-related suits filed primarily in state courts during the past four decades. These suits principally allege
personal injury resulting from exposure to asbestos-containing products and frequently seek both actual and punitive damages.
The alleged claims primarily relate to products that Union Carbide sold in the past, alleged exposure to asbestos-containing
products located on Union Carbide’s premises, and Union Carbide’s responsibility for asbestos suits filed against a former
Union Carbide subsidiary, Amchem Products, Inc.
For additional information, see Part II, Item 7. Other Matters, Asbestos-Related Matters of Union Carbide Corporation in
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Notes 1 and 15 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Environmental Matters
In a meeting on July 22, 2015, Rohm and Haas Company and Rohm and Haas Chemicals LLC (collectively, “ROH”), wholly
owned subsidiaries of the Company, were informed by representatives of the US. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”)
of the EPA’s intent to seek injunctive relief and assess a civil penalty in excess of $100,000 for alleged violations of the General
Duty Clause of the Clean Air Act at ROH’S Louisville, Kentucky, manufacturing facility. In a letter dated November 13, 2016,
ROH was informed that after consideration of the information provided by the Company, the EPA has determined that it will
not, at this time, pursue civil enforcement related to the alleged violations of the General Duty Clause of the Clean Air Act at
ROH’s Louisville, Kentucky manufacturing facility.
Dow Corning Corporation ("Dow Corning"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, has received the following
notifications from the EPA, Region Five related to Dow Corning’s Midland manufacturing facility (the “Facility”): 1) a Notice
of Violation and Finding of Violation (received in April 2012) which alleges a number of violations in connection with the
detection, monitoring and control of certain organic hazardous air pollutants at the Facility and various recordkeeping and
reporting violations under the Clean Air Act and 2) a Notice of Violation (received in May 2015) alleging a number of
violations relating to the management of hazardous wastes at the Facility pursuant to the Resource Conservation and Recovery
Act. While Dow Corning contests these allegations, resolution may result in a penalty in excess of $100,000. Discussions
between the EPA and Dow Corning are ongoing.
On August 17, 2016, Dow Corning received notification from the Kentucky Department for Environmental Protection
("KDEP") of their intent to assess a civil penalty in excess of $100,000 for alleged air violations at Dow Corning's Carrollton,
Kentucky, manufacturing facility. Discussions between Dow Corning and the KDEP are ongoing.
Rohm and Haas Texas Incorporated ("ROH Texas"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, was informed by the EPA,
Region 6 of concerns related to the operation and condition of certain ﬂares installed at ROH Texas' Deer Park, Texas,
manufacturing facility. This matter was resolved on January 12, 2017, through the issuance of an Administrative Complaint as
well as a Consent Agreement and Final Order, under which ROH Texas does not admit the alleged violations but agrees to pay
the US. Treasury $400,000 and commits to a mitigation plan involving additional monitoring and completion of two
Supplemental Environmental Projects ("SEPS") to provide a local college with an air monitoring bench and improved energy
efficient lighting. The SEPS are estimated to cost ROH Texas approximately $1.5 million.
Derivative Litigation
In April 2016, Stephen Levine ("Levine"), purportedly in the name of and on behalf of the Company, served the Company with
a complaint filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan (the “Court”) against certain officers
and directors of the Company (the “Defendants”) alleging, among other things, that Defendants breached certain fiduciary
obligations with respect to the urethanes antitrust class action litigation and the underlying conduct alleged therein, and the use
of corporate assets. Defendants and the Company moved to dismiss the complaint on July 13, 2016, arguing that Levine had
not alleged sufficient facts to establish his ability to assert claims on the Company's behalf and that the allegations were not
suﬁicient to state a legal claim. On October 19, 2016, the Court entered an order granting Defendants' motion to dismiss and
entering judgment for the Defendants. In November 2016, the shareholder appealed the Court’s judgment to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
26