For additional information, see Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings; Asbestos-Related Matters of Union Carbide
Corporation in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; and Notes 1
and 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Environmental Matters
The Company determines the costs of environmental remediation of its facilities and formerly owned facilities based
on evaluations of current law and existing technologies. Inherent uncertainties exist in such evaluations primarily due
to unknown environmental conditions, changing governmental regulations and legal standards regarding liability, and
emerging remediation technologies. The recorded liabilities are adjusted periodically as remediation efforts progress,
or as additional technical or legal information becomes available. At December 31, 2016, the Company had accrued
obligations of $909 million for probable environmental remediation and restoration costs, including $151 million for
the remediation of Superfund sites. This is management’s best estimate of the costs for remediation and restoration
with respect to environmental matters for which the Company has accrued liabilities, although it is reasonably possible
that the ultimate cost with respect to these particular matters could range up to approximately two times that amount.
For further discussion, see Environmental Matters in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations and Notes 1 and 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Goodwill
The Company assesses goodwill recoverability through business financial performance reviews, enterprise valuation
analysis and impairment tests. Annual goodwill impairment tests are completed by the Company during the fourth
quarter of the year in accordance with the measurement provisions of the accounting guidance for goodwill. The tests
are performed at the reporting unit level which is defined as one level below operating segment with the exception of
Agricultural Sciences, which is both an operating segment and a reporting unit. Reporting units are the level at which
discrete financial information is available and reviewed by business management on a regular basis. At December 31,
2016, the Company has defined five operating segments and 18 reporting units; goodwill is carried by 14 of these
reporting units.
In addition to the annual goodwill impairment tests, the Company reviews the financial performance of its reporting
units over the course of the year to assess whether circumstances have changed that would indicate it is more likely
than not that the fair value of a reporting unit has declined below its carrying value. In cases where an indication of
impairment is determined to exist, the Company completes an interim goodwill impairment test specifically for that
reporting unit.
As part of its annual goodwill impairment testing, the Company has the option to first assess qualitative factors to
determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. The
qualitative assessment is also used as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative test.
Qualitative factors assessed at the Company level include, but are not limited to, GDP growth rates, long-term
hydrocarbon and energy prices, equity and credit market activity, discount rates, foreign exchange rates and overall
financial performance. Qualitative factors assessed at the reporting unit level include, but are not limited to, changes in
industry and market structure, competitive environments, planned capacity and new product launches, cost factors
such as raw material prices, and financial performance of the reporting unit. If the Company chooses to not complete a
qualitative assessment for a given reporting unit or if the initial assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that
the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, additional quantitative testing is required.
The first step of the quantitative test requires the fair value of the reporting unit to be compared with its carrying value.
The Company utilizes a discounted cash ﬂow methodology to calculate the fair value of its reporting units. This
valuation technique has been selected by management as the most meaningful valuation method due to the limited
number of market comparables for the Company's reporting units. However, where market comparables are available,
the Company includes EBIT/EBITDA multiples as part of the reporting unit valuation analysis. The discounted cash
ﬂow valuations are completed using the following key assumptions (including certain ranges used for the 2016
testing): projected revenue growth rates, or compounded annual growth rates, over a ten—year cash ﬂow forecast
period, which ranged from 4.9 percent to 6.4 percent and varied by reporting unit based on underlying business
fundamentals and future expectations; discount rates, which ranged from 8.9 percent to 9.5 percent; tax rates; terminal
values, differentiated based on the cash ﬂow projection of each reporting unit and the projected net operating profit
after tax ("NOPAT") growth rate, which ranged from 2 percent to 3.5 percent; currency exchange rates; and forecasted
long-term hydrocarbon and energy prices, by geographic area and by year, which included the Company's key
feedstocks as well as natural gas and crude oil (due to its correlation to naphtha). Currency exchange rates and long-
term hydrocarbon and energy prices are established for the Company as a whole and applied consistently to all
58