In 2014, the Company recognized a pretax gain of $3 million for adjustments to contract cancellation fees related to the 4Q12
Restructuring plan, reﬂected in Performance Materials & Chemicals. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
details on the Company's restructuring activities.
Asbestos-related Charge
In 2016, the Company and Union Carbide Corporation ("Union Carbide"), a wholly owned subsidiary, elected to change the
method of accounting for asbestos-related defense and processing costs from expensing as incurred to estimating and accruing
a liability. As a result of this accounting policy change, the Company recorded a pretax charge of $1,009 million for asbestos-
related defense costs through the terminal year of 2049. The Company also recorded a pretax charge of $104 million to increase
the asbestos—related liability for pending and future claims through the terminal year of 2049. These charges were reﬂected in
Corporate.
In 2014, the Company recorded a pretax charge of $78 million (reﬂected in Corporate) for an increase in the asbestos-related
liability for pending and future claims (excluding defense and processing costs). Union Carbide determined that an adjustment
to the asbestos accrual was required due to an increase in mesothelioma claim activity compared with what had been previously
forecasted. See Notes 1 and 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on asbestos-related matters.
Equity in Earnings ofNonconsolz'datedAﬁiliates
Dow’s share of the earnings of nonconsolidated affiliates in 2016 was $442 million, compared with $674 million in 2015 and
$835 million in 2014. In 2016, equity earnings declined due to higher equity losses at Sadara related to start-up expenses, lower
equity earnings from the Kuwait joint ventures due to lower monoethylene glycol prices and a reduction in the ownership of
MEGlobal (now part of EQUATE), and the DCC Transaction. Equity earnings for 2016 also declined due to a charge of
$22 million for a loss on early redemption of debt incurred by Dow Corning and reﬂected in Consumer Solutions ($8 million)
and Infrastructure Solutions ($14 million). These declines were partially offset by higher earnings at the HSC Group, The SCG—
Dow Group and Map Ta Phut Olefins Company Limited. In 2015, equity earnings decreased as higher earnings at The SCG-
Dow Group and Map Ta Phut Olefins Company Limited were more than offset by increased equity losses from Sadara, lower
equity earnings from Univation resulting from the May 5, 2015, step acquisition and lower earnings from EQUATE, The
Kuwait Olefins Company K.S.C. ("TKOC") and MEGlobal. Equity earnings in 2015 were also impacted by a $29 million
charge (reﬂected in Agricultural Sciences) related to AgroFresh Solutions' fair value step-up of its inventories and start-up costs
and a loss recognized by Sadara related to the write-off of design engineering work for an epoxy plant, of which Dow's share
was $27 million (reﬂected in Corporate). In 2014, equity earnings decreased primarily due to lower earnings at EQUATE, The
Kuwait Styrene Company K.S.C. ("TKSC") and MEGlobal and increased losses at Sadara which were partially offset by
increased earnings at Dow Corning.
On June 1, 2016, the Company announced the closing of the transaction to restructure the ownership of Dow Corning, a former
50:50 joint venture between Dow and Corning. As a result, Dow Corning became a wholly owned subsidiary of Dow. Dow and
Corning continue to maintain their historical proportional equity interest in the HSC Group. See Note 4 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on this transaction.
In January 2014, the Chinese Ministry of Commerce issued a final determination that China's solar-grade polycrystalline silicon
industry suffered material damage because of dumping, which resulted in antidumping duties of 53.3 percent and
countervailing duties of 2.1 percent on future imports from the HSC Group into China. During the fourth quarter of 20 14, Dow
Corning determined its polycrystalline silicon plant expansion in Clarksville, Tennessee, would not be economically viable and
made the decision to permanently abandon the assets. Dow's share of the charge related to this asset abandonment was
$500 million (reﬂected in Infrastructure Solutions). As a result of the significant change in the use of this asset, Dow Corning
assessed whether the carrying value of all remaining polycrystalline silicon assets might be impaired. Dow Corning's estimates
of future undiscounted cash ﬂows indicated the polycrystalline silicon asset group was recoverable.
During the fourth quarter of 2014, Dow Corning reduced its implant liability by approximately $1.3 billion. The revised
implant liability reﬂected Dow Corning’s best estimate of its remaining obligations. Dow’s share of the implant liability
reduction was $407 million ($155 million reﬂected in Consumer Solutions and $252 million reﬂected in Infrastructure
Solutions). In the fourth quarter of 2015, Dow Corning further reduced its implant liability. Dow's share of the implant liability
reduction was $20 million ($8 million reﬂected in Consumer Solutions and $12 million reﬂected in Infrastructure Solutions).
See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on nonconsolidated affiliates and Note 15 for
additional information on Dow Corning's implant liability.
36