NOTE 20 — VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES
Consolidated Variable Interest Entities
At December 31, 2016, the Company holds a variable interest in seven joint ventures or entities for which the Company is the
primary beneficiary.
Three joint ventures own and operate manufacturing and logistics facilities, which produce chemicals and provide services in
Asia Pacific. The Company’s variable interest in these joint ventures relates to arrangements between the joint ventures and the
Company, involving the majority of the output on take-or-pay terms with pricing ensuring a guaranteed return to the joint
ventures.
The fourth joint venture manufactures products in Japan for the semiconductor industry. Each joint venture partner holds
several equivalent variable interests, with the exception of a royalty agreement held exclusively between the joint venture and
the Company. In addition, the entire output of the joint venture is sold to the Company for resale to third-party customers.
The fifth joint venture provides ethylene storage in Alberta, Canada. The Company's variable interests relate to arrangements
involving a majority of the joint venture's storage capacity on take-or-pay terms with pricing ensuring a guaranteed return to the
joint venture; and favorably priced leases provided to the joint venture. The Company provides the joint venture with operation
and maintenance services and utilities.
The Company was a partner in a joint venture located in Brazil that produces ethanol from sugarcane. The Company's variable
interests in this joint venture related to an equity option between the partners, a parental loan and guarantee related to debt
financing, and contractual arrangements limiting the partner's initial participation in the economics of certain assets and
liabilities. After formation of the joint venture, the partners amended the governing documents, including terms of the equity
option. Terms of the equity option required the Company to purchase the partner's equity investment at a price based on a
specified formula if the partner elected to exit the joint venture. In August 2015, the partner exercised its equity option which
required Dow to purchase their equity investment. As a result, the Company reclassified the partner's equity investment from
"Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest" to "Accrued and other current liabilities" in the consolidated balance sheets at December
31, 2015. On March 31, 2016, the partner's equity investment transferred to the Company. On July 11, 2016, the Company paid
$202 million to the former partner, which is classified as "Purchases of noncontrolling interests" in the consolidated statements
of cash ﬂows. This former joint venture is now 100 percent owned by the Company, therefore its asset and liability balances are
not included in the December 31, 2016, balances in the "Assets and Liabilities of Consolidated VIEs at December 31" table that
follows. The Company continues to hold variable interests in a related entity that owns a cogeneration facility, which represents
the sixth entity for which the Company is the primary beneficiary. The Company's variable interests are the result of a tolling
arrangement where it provides fuel to the entity and purchases a majority of the cogeneration facility’s output on terms that
ensure a return to the entity’s equity holders. The assets and liabilities of the cogeneration facility continue to be included in the
table that follows.
The Company previously held an equity interest in a joint venture that owns and operates a membrane chlor-alkali
manufacturing facility. The Company’s variable interests in this joint venture related to equity options between the partners and
a cost-plus off-take arrangement between the joint venture and the Company, involving proportional purchase commitments on
take-or-pay terms and ensuring a guaranteed return to the joint venture. In the second quarter of 2015 , Mitsui & Co. Texas
Chlor-Alkali Inc. ("Mitsui"), a 50 percent equity owner in this joint venture, provided notice of its intention to transfer its
equity interest to Dow as part of the Transaction with Olin. On October 5, 2015, the Company purchased Mitsui's equity
interest in the membrane chlor-alkali joint venture for $133 million, which resulted in a loss of $25 million included in "Sundry
income (expense) - net" in the consolidated statements of income and included as a component of the pretax gain on the
Transaction. The loss is reﬂected in the Performance Materials & Chemicals segment. See Note 6 for additional information on
this Transaction.
The Company previously held a 49 percent equity interest in a joint venture that managed the growth, harvest and conditioning
of soybean seed and grain, corn and wheat in the United States. The Company's variable interest in this joint venture related to
an equity option between the partners. Terms of the equity option required the Company to purchase the partner's equity
investment at a price based on a specified formula, after a specified period of time, and satisfaction of certain conditions, if the
partner elected to sell its equity investment. On August 10, 2015, the equity option was determined to be exercisable and the
partner provided notice to the Company of its intent to exercise the equity option, which resulted in an after-tax loss of
$22 million, included in "Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests” in the consolidated statements of income. The
Company purchased the partner's equity investment on September 18, 2015, which resulted in the joint venture becoming a
wholly owned subsidiary of Dow. Subsequent to the purchase of the partner's equity investment, the Company sold its entire
ownership interest in the subsidiary to a third party and recognized a pretax gain of $44 million on the sale in the third quarter
134