PERFORMANCE MATERIALS & CHEMICALS
The Performance Materials & Chemicals segment is comprised of three technology-driven, customer-centric global businesses
that are advantaged through integration and driven by innovative technology and solutions: Chlor—Alkali and Vinyl, Industrial
Solutions and Polyurethanes. Products produced by this segment are back-integrated into feedstocks, supporting a low-cost
manufacturing base and consistent, reliable supply. The Performance Materials & Chemicals segment is positioned for growth
through diverse markets and product offerings. The segment has broad geographic reach with sales in nearly 140 countries and
manufacturing facilities located in all geographic areas. Performance Materials & Chemicals has a diverse product line that
serves customers in a large number of industries including appliance, construction and industrial.
Details on Performance Materials & Chemicals' 2016 sales, by business and geographic area, are as follows:
2016 Sales by Business 2016 Sales by Geographic Area
’— Chlor—Alkali and Vinyl \F A318 Pac‘ﬁc
Polyurethanes\ - EMEAl-\ \ \
j - Latin America
Industrial Solutions
— ; ‘— North America
Chlor—Alkali and Vinyl
The Chlor—Alkali and Vinyl business provides cost-advantaged chlorine and caustic soda supply and integration for the
Polyurethanes business. Chlor—Alkali and Vinyl also includes the marketing of caustic soda, a valuable co-product of the chlor-
alkali manufacturing process, and ethylene dichloride and vinyl chloride monomer, essential for the production of polyvinyl
chloride.
Industrial Solutions
The Industrial Solutions business enables manufacturing of the world’s goods and services with additive solutions that
minimize friction and heat in mechanical processes, manage the oil and water interface, deliver active ingredients for maximum
effectiveness, facilitate dissolvability and provide the foundational building blocks for the development of chemical
technologies. The business supports industrial manufacturers associated with virtually all end-markets, notably electronics,
agricultural chemicals, engine/heavy equipment, coatings, adhesives and inks, and detergents and cleaners. Industrial Solutions
is also the world’s largest producer of purified ethylene oxide. Approximately 80 percent of the ethylene oxide produced by
Dow is consumed within the Performance Materials & Chemicals segment.
Polyurethanes
Polyurethanes is comprised of four businesses: Isocyanates, Polyols, Polyurethane Systems and Propylene Oxide/Propylene
Glycol ("PO/PG"). The Polyurethanes business is the world’s largest producer of propylene oxide and propylene glycol as well
as a leading producer of polyether polyols and aromatic isocyanates that serve energy efficiency, consumer comfort and
industrial market sectors. Propylene oxide is produced using the chlorohydrins process as well as by hydrogen peroxide to
propylene oxide manufacturing technology“). Performance Materials & Chemicals businesses consume more than 90 percent
of the propylene oxide produced or procured by Dow.
Competition
Competition for the Performance Materials & Chemicals segment varies based on the business. Key competitors include large,
international chemical companies as well as chemical divisions of major national and international oil companies. Performance
Materials & Chemicals back-integration into feedstocks supports a low-cost manufacturing base and consistent, reliable
product supply. Dow is a full-service supplier with a global technical service network located close to the customer, which
allows the Company to fuel growth in specialty applications and collaborate with customers to invent unique chemistries and
tailored solutions. In addition to its competitive cost position, reliable supply and superior customer service, the Company also
competes worldwide on the basis of quality, technology and price. Key competitors include BASF, Covestro, Eastman, INEOS,
Huntsman, LyondellBasell, Olin and Oxea.
(1) Hydrogen peroxide to propylene oxide manufacturing technology is utilized by MTP HPPO Manufacturing Company Limited, a
Thailand-based consolidated variable interest entity ultimately owned 50 percent by the Company and 50 percent by SCG Chemicals
Co. Ltd; and BASF DOW HPPO Production B.V.B.A., a Belgium-based joint venture ultimately owned 100 percent by HPPO Holding
& Finance C.V., which is owned 50 percent by the Company and 50 percent by BASF.
12