Urethane Matters
Class Action Lawsuit
On February 16, 2006, the Company, among others, received a subpoena from the US. Department of Justice ("DOJ") as part
of a previously announced antitrust investigation of manufacturers of polyurethane chemicals, including methylene diphenyl
diisocyanate, toluene diisocyanate, polyether polyols and system house products. The Company cooperated with the DOJ and,
following an extensive investigation, on December 10, 2007, the Company received notice from the DOJ that it had closed its
investigation of potential antitrust violations involving these products without indictments or pleas.
In 2005, the Company, among others, was named as a defendant in multiple civil class action lawsuits alleging a conspiracy to
fix the price of various urethane chemical products, namely the products that were the subject of the above described DOJ
antitrust investigation. On July 29, 2008, a Kansas City federal district court (the "district court") certified a class of purchasers
of the products for the six-year period from 1999 through 2004 ("plaintiff class"). In January 2013, the class action lawsuit went
to trial with the Company as the sole remaining defendant, the other defendants having previously settled. On February 20,
2013, the federal jury returned a damages verdict of approximately $400 million against the Company, which ultimately was
trebled under applicable antitrust laws, less oﬁsets from other settling defendants, resulting in a judgment entered in July 2013
in the amount of $1.06 billion. The Company appealed this judgment to the US. Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals ("Tenth
Circuit" or "Court of Appeals"), and on September 29, 2014, the Court of Appeals issued an opinion affirming the district court
judgment.
On March 9, 2015, the Company filed a petition for writ of certiorari ("Writ Petition") with the US. Supreme Court, seeking
judicial review and requesting that it correct fundamental errors in the Circuit Court opinion. On June 8, 2015, the Supreme
Court granted a petition for a writ of certiorari in another case, Tyson Foods, Inc. v. Bouaphakeo, PEG, et al., ("Tyson Foods ’9
(Supreme Court No. 14-1146), which presented an issue core to the questions presented in the Company's Writ Petition:
whether class-wide damages can be determined by simply applying the average injury observed in a sample. The Company was
advised that its Writ Petition was being held pending the Supreme Court's consideration of the merits in Tyson Foods.
In the first quarter of 20 16, the Company changed its risk assessment on this matter as a result of growing political uncertainties
due to events within the Supreme Court, including Justice Scalia's death, and the increased likelihood for unfavorable outcomes
for businesses involved in class action lawsuits. On February 26, 2016, the Company announced a proposed settlement under
which the Company would pay the plaintiff class $835 million, which included damages, class attorney fees and post-judgment
interest. The district court granted final approval of the settlement on July 29, 2016, and the settlement amount, having
previously been funded by the Company into an escrow account, was released to a court administrator for distribution to the
various class members. The settlement resolves the $1.06 billion judgment and any subsequent claim for attorneys' fees, costs
and post-judgment interest against the Company. As a result, in the first quarter of 20 16, the Company recorded a loss of
$835 million, included in "Sundry income (expense) - net" in the consolidated statements of income and reﬂected in the
Performance Materials & Chemicals segment. The Company continues to believe that it was not part of any conspiracy and the
judgment was fundamentally ﬂawed as a matter of class action law.
Opt-Out Cases
Shortly after the July 2008 class certification ruling, a series of "opt-out" cases were filed by a number of large volume
purchasers who elected not to be class members in the district court case. These opt-out cases were substantively identical to
the class action lawsuit, but expanded the period of time to include 1994 through 1998. A consolidated jury trial of the opt-out
cases began on March 8, 2016. Prior to a jury verdict, on April 5, 2016, the Company entered into a binding settlement for the
opt-out cases under which the Company would pay the named plaintiffs $400 million, inclusive of damages and attorney fees.
Payment of this settlement occurred on May 4, 2016. The Company changed its risk assessment on this matter as a result of the
class settlement and the uncertainty of a jury trial outcome along with the automatic trebling of an adverse verdict. As a result,
the Company recorded a loss of $400 million in the first quarter of 2016, included in "Sundry income (expense) - net" in the
consolidated statements of income and reﬂected in the Performance Materials & Chemicals segment. As with the class action
case, the Company continues to deny allegations of price fixing and maintains that it was not part of any conspiracy.
Bayer CropScience v. Dow AgroSciences I CC Arbitration
On August 13, 2012, Bayer CropScience AG and Bayer CropScience NV (together, “Bayer”) filed a request for arbitration with
the International Chamber of Commerce ("ICC") International Court of Arbitration against Dow AgroSciences LLC, a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company, and other subsidiaries of the Company (collectively, “DAS”) under a 1992 license
agreement executed by predecessors of the parties (the “License Agreement”). In its request for arbitration, Bayer alleged that
(i) DAS breached the License Agreement, (ii) the License Agreement was properly terminated with no ongoing rights to DAS,
(iii) DAS has infringed and continues to infringe its patent rights related to the use of the pat gene in certain soybean and cotton
seed products, and (iv) Bayer is entitled to monetary damages and injunctive relief. DAS denied that it breached the License
Agreement and asserted that the License Agreement remained in effect because it was not properly terminated. DAS also
1 15