The Dow Chemical Company and Subsidiaries
i PART II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 7
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
The Dow Chemical Company:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Dow Chemical Company and subsidiaries (the
“Company”) as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income,
equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016. Our audits also included the financial
statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (a)2. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the
responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and
financial statement schedule based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of The Dow
Chemical Company and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash ﬂows
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the
basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth
therein.
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, in the fourth quarter of 20 16, the Company changed its
accounting policy from expensing asbestos-related defense and processing costs as incurred to the accrual of asbestos-related
defense and processing costs when probable of occurring and estimable.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on the criteria established
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission and our report dated February 9, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control
over financial reporting.
: /s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP :
Deloitte & Touche LLP
Midland, Michigan
February 9, 2017
68