Rohm and Haas is a PRP at the Wood-Ridge, New Jersey Ventron/Velsicol Superfund Site, and the adjacent Berry’s Creek
Study Area ("BCSA") (collectively, the "Wood-Ridge sites"). Rohm and Haas is a successor in interest to a company that
owned and operated a mercury processing facility, where wastewater and waste handling resulted in contamination of soils and
adjacent creek sediments. The Berry’s Creek Study Area PRP group completed a multi-stage Remedial Investigation ("RI")
pursuant to an Administrative Order on Consent with US. EPA Region 2 to identify contamination in surface water, sediment
and biota related to numerous contaminated sites in the Berry's Creek watershed, and submitted the report to the EPA in June
2016. That same month, the EPA concluded that an "iterative or adaptive approach" is appropriate for cleaning up the BCSA.
Thus, each phase of remediation will be followed by a period of monitoring to assess its effectiveness and determine if there is
a need for more work. The Feasibility Study ("FS") for the first phase of work will be submitted in the second half of 2018. The
EPA will then review the remedial options presented in the FS, select the remedy and issue an interim Record of Decision
("ROD"). The PRP group will then attempt to negotiate agreements among the PRP's to fund the selected remedy and with the
EPA to perform the remediation. Although there is currently much uncertainty as to what will ultimately be required to
remediate the BCSA and Rohm and Haas's share of these costs has yet to be determined, the range of activities that will be
required in the interim ROD is known in general terms. Based on the first phase of the RI and agreement with the EPA, the
overall remediation accrual for the Wood-Ridge sites was increased by $80 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. At
December 31, 2016, the Company had an accrual of $91 million ($15 million at December 31, 2015) for environmental
remediation at the Wood-Ridge sites. In 2016, the Company spent $6 million ($6 million in 2015) on environmental
remediation at the Wood-Ridge sites.
In the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company recorded a pretax charge of $295 million for environmental remediation at a
number of historical locations, including the Midland manufacturing site/off-site matters and the Wood-Ridge sites, primarily
resulting from the culmination of negotiations with regulators and/or final agency approval. This charge was included in "Cost
of sales" in the consolidated statements of income. In total, the Company’s accrued liability for probable environmental
remediation and restoration costs was $909 million at December 31, 2016, compared with $670 million at the end of 2015. This
is management’s best estimate of the costs for remediation and restoration with respect to environmental matters for which the
Company has accrued liabilities, although it is reasonably possible that the ultimate cost with respect to these particular matters
could range up to approximately two times that amount. Consequently, it is reasonably possible that environmental remediation
and restoration costs in excess of amounts accrued could have a material impact on the Company’s results of operations,
financial condition and cash ﬂows. It is the opinion of the Company’s management, however, that the possibility is remote that
costs in excess of the range disclosed will have a material impact on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition
and cash ﬂows.
The amounts charged to income on a pretax basis related to environmental remediation totaled $504 million in 2016,
$218 million in 2015 and $227 million in 2014. The amounts charged to income on a pretax basis related to operating the
Company’s current pollution abatement facilities, excluding internal recharges, totaled $623 million in 2016, $613 million in
2015 and $637 million in 2014. Capital expenditures for environmental protection were $66 million in 2016, $49 million in
2015 and $78 million in 2014.
65