under the DCC Term Loan Facility are repayable on May 30, 2017, subject to a 364-day extension option, at Dow Corning's
election, upon the satisfaction of certain customary conditions precedent. Dow Corning intends to exercise the 364-day
extension option on the DCC Term Loan Facility. See Note 4 for additional information on the DCC Transaction.
Debt Covenants and Default Provisions
The Company’s outstanding long-term debt has been issued under indentures which contain, among other provisions, certain
customary restrictive covenants with which the Company must comply while the underlying notes are outstanding. Such
covenants include obligations to not allow liens on principal US. manufacturing facilities, enter into sale and lease-back
transactions with respect to principal US. manufacturing facilities, merge or consolidate with any other corporation, or sell or
convey all or substantially all of the Company’s assets. The outstanding debt also contains customary default provisions.
Failure of the Company to comply with any of these covenants could result in a default under the applicable indenture, which
would allow the note holders to accelerate the due date of the outstanding principal and accrued interest on the underlying
notes. The Company expects to remain in compliance with these covenants after completion of the all-stock, merger of equals
strategic combination with DuPont.
The Company’s primary, private credit agreements also contain certain customary restrictive covenant and default provisions in
addition to the covenants set forth above with respect to the Company’s debt. Significant other restrictive covenants and default
provisions related to these agreements include:
(a) the obligation to maintain the ratio of the Company’s consolidated indebtedness to consolidated capitalization at no
greater than 0.65 to 1.00 at any time the aggregate outstanding amount of loans under the Five Year Competitive
Advance and Revolving Credit Facility Agreement dated March 24, 2015, equals or exceeds $500 million,
(b) a default if the Company or an applicable subsidiary fails to make any payment, including principal, premium or
interest, under the applicable agreement on other indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, the Company or such applicable
subsidiary in an aggregate amount of $100 million or more when due, or any other default or other event under the
applicable agreement with respect to such indebtedness occurs which permits or results in the acceleration of
$400 million or more in the aggregate of principal, and
(c) a default if the Company or any applicable subsidiary fails to discharge or stay within 60 days after the entry of a final
judgment against the Company or such applicable subsidiary of more than $400 million.
Failure of the Company to comply with any of the covenants or default provisions could result in a default under the applicable
credit agreement which would allow the lenders to not fund future loan requests and to accelerate the due date of the
outstanding principal and accrued interest on any outstanding indebtedness.
NOTE 18 — PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS
Ownership Restructure of Dow Corning
As part of the June 1, 2016 ownership restructure of Dow Corning, the Company assumed sponsorship of qualified and non-
qualified pension and other postretirement benefit plans that provide defined benefits to US. and non-U.S. employees. Plan
assets and obligations for all significant plans assumed from Dow Corning are as follows:
Plan Assets and Obligations for all Signiﬁcant Plans Assumed from Other,
Dow Corning at June 1, 2016 Deﬁned Beneﬁt Postretz'rement
In millions Pension Plans Beneﬁts
[Fair value of plan assets $ 2,327 $ ;
Projected benefit obligations 3,252 313 7
Net liability assumed $ 925 $ 313 l
Pension Plans
The Company has defined benefit pension plans that cover employees in the United States and a number of other countries. The
US. qualified plan covering the parent company is the largest plan. Benefits for employees hired before January 1, 2008, are
based on length of service and the employee’s three highest consecutive years of compensation. Employees hired after
January 1, 2008, earn benefits that are based on a set percentage of annual pay, plus interest.
125