Revenue
Sales are recognized when the revenue is realized or realizable, and the earnings process is complete. Approximately 99 percent
of the Company’s sales in 2016 related to sales of product (99 percent in 2015 and 99 percent in 2014). The remaining
1 percent in 2016 primarily related to the Company’s insurance operations and licensing of patents and technology (1 percent in
2015 and 1 percent in 2014). Revenue for product sales is recognized as risk and title to the product transfer to the customer,
which usually occurs at the time shipment is made. As such, title to the product passes when the product is delivered to the
freight carrier. Dow’s standard terms of delivery are included in its contracts of sale, order confirmation documents and
invoices. Freight costs and any directly related costs of transporting finished product to customers are recorded as “Cost of
sales” in the consolidated statements of income.
Revenue related to the Company’s insurance operations includes third-party insurance premiums, which are earned over the
terms of the related insurance policies and reinsurance contracts. Revenue related to the initial licensing of patents and
technology is recognized when earned; revenue related to running royalties is recognized according to licensee production
levels.
Severance Costs
The Company routinely reviews its operations around the world in an effort to ensure competitiveness across its businesses and
geographic areas. When the reviews result in a workforce reduction related to the shutdown of facilities or other optimization
activities, severance benefits are provided to employees primarily under Dow’s ongoing benefit arrangements. These severance
costs are accrued once management commits to a plan of termination including the number of employees to be terminated, their
job classifications or functions, their locations and the expected termination date.
Income Taxes
The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of temporary diﬁerences between the carrying amounts and tax bases
of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets or liabilities is
recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
Annual tax provisions include amounts considered sufficient to pay assessments that may result from examinations of prior
year tax returns; however, the amount ultimately paid upon resolution of issues raised may differ from the amounts accrued.
The Company recognizes the financial statement eﬁects of an uncertain income tax position when it is more likely than not,
based on the technical merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination. The Company accrues for other tax
contingencies when it is probable that a liability to a taxing authority has been incurred and the amount of the contingency can
be reasonably estimated. The current portion of uncertain income tax positions is included in “Income taxes payable” and the
long-term portion is included in “Other noncurrent obligations” in the consolidated balance sheets.
Provision is made for taxes on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries and related companies to the extent that such
earnings are not deemed to be permanently invested.
Earnings per Common Share
The calculation of earnings per common share is based on the weighted-average number of the Company’s common shares
outstanding for the applicable period. The calculation of diluted earnings per common share reﬂects the effect of all dilutive
potential common shares that were outstanding during the respective periods, unless the eﬁect of doing so is antidilutive.
78