Health and Safety: Increased concerns regarding the safe use of chemicals in commerce and their potential impact on
the environment as well as perceived impacts of plant biotechnology on health and the environment have resulted in
more restrictive regulations and could lead to new regulations.
Concerns regarding the safe use of chemicals in commerce and their potential impact on health and the environment and the
perceived impacts of plant biotechnology on health and the environment reﬂect a growing trend in societal demands for
increasing levels of product safety and environmental protection. These concerns could manifest themselves in stockholder
proposals, preferred purchasing, delays or failures in obtaining or retaining regulatory approvals, delayed product launches,
lack of market acceptance, continued pressure for more stringent regulatory intervention and litigation. These concerns could
also inﬂuence public perceptions, the viability or continued sales of certain of the Company's products, the Company's
reputation and the cost to comply with regulations. In addition, terrorist attacks and natural disasters have increased concerns
about the security and safety of chemical production and distribution. These concerns could have a negative impact on the
Company's results of operations.
Local, state, federal and foreign governments continue to propose new regulations related to the security of chemical plant
locations and the transportation of hazardous chemicals, which could result in higher operating costs.
Operational Event: A signiﬁcant operational event could negatively impact the Company's results of operations.
As a diversified chemical manufacturing company, the Company's operations, the transportation of products, cyber attacks, or
severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena (such as drought, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, ﬂoods, etc.) could
result in an unplanned event that could be significant in scale and could negatively impact operations, neighbors or the public at
large, which could have a negative impact on the Company's results of operations.
Major hurricanes have caused significant disruption in Dow's operations on the US. Gulf Coast, logistics across the region, and
the supply of certain raw materials, which had an adverse impact on volume and cost for some of Dow's products. Due to the
Company's substantial presence on the US. Gulf Coast, similar severe weather conditions or other natural phenomena in the
future could negatively impact Dow's results of operations.
Cyber Vulnerability: The risk of loss of the Company’s intellectual property, trade secrets or other sensitive business
information or disruption of operations could negatively impact the Company’s ﬁnancial results.
Cyber attacks or security breaches could compromise confidential, business critical information, cause a disruption in the
Company’s operations or harm the Company's reputation. The Company has attractive information assets, including intellectual
property, trade secrets and other sensitive, business critical information. While the Company has a comprehensive cyber
security program that is continuously reviewed, maintained and upgraded, a significant cyber attack could result in the loss of
critical business information and/or could negatively impact operations, which could have a negative impact on the Company’s
financial results.
Company Strategy: Implementing certain elements of the Company's strategy could negatively impact the Company's
ﬁnancial results.
The Company currently has manufacturing operations, sales and marketing activities, joint ventures, as well as proposed and
existing projects of varying size in emerging geographies. Activities in these geographic areas are accompanied by uncertainty
and risks including: navigating different government regulatory environments; relationships with new, local partners; project
funding commitments and guarantees; expropriation, military actions, war, terrorism and political instability; sabotage;
uninsurable risks; suppliers not performing as expected resulting in increased risk of extended project timelines; and
determining raw material supply and other details regarding product movement. If the manufacturing operations, sales and
marketing activities, and/or implementation of these projects is not successful, it could adversely affect the Company's financial
condition, cash ﬂows and results of operations.
The Company has also announced a number of portfolio management actions as part of Dow's ongoing transformation,
including a proposed all-stock merger of equals transaction with El. du Pont de Nemours and Company, as well as transactions
to restructure the Company's ownership interest in certain joint ventures. If the execution or implementation of these
transactions is not successful, it could adversely impact the Company's financial condition, cash ﬂows and results of operations.
Goodwill: An impairment of goodwill could negatively impact the Company's ﬁnancial results.
At least annually, the Company assesses goodwill for impairment. If an initial qualitative assessment identifies that it is more
likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, additional quantitative testing is
performed. The Company may also elect to skip the qualitative testing and proceed directly to quantitative testing. If the
quantitative testing indicates that goodwill is impaired, the carrying value of goodwill is written down to fair value with a
charge against earnings. Since the Company utilizes a discounted cash ﬂow methodology to calculate the fair value of its
reporting units, continued weak demand for a specific product line or business could result in an impairment. Accordingly, any
22