Your Company has continued to execute under a myriad of adverse geopolitical and economic headwinds
because of the two defining attributes of the enterprise we’ve created over these last dozen years. Firstly,
an aligned and motivated team of 56,000 incredibly dedicated people. Secondly, a portfolio built to perform
under all conditions, a portfolio for all seasons if you like.
Through our people, the values of our Company shine through, giving us all direction and purpose toward achieving value
for all our stakeholders, pointing us toward our North Star as we say in the Company. Our recent employee survey results
show that key metrics have improved to top-quartile performance on items such as “alignment to Company strategy,”
“I am encouraged to come up with new and better ways of doing things,” and “My work group has a climate in which diverse
perspectives are valued.”
This does not happen by accident. We have deliberately refreshed our workforce, hired the next generation, and inspired the
current generation of employees on our mission to make the planet a better place for all stakeholders, while outperforming our
competition in all financial metrics.
And speaking of financial metrics, it is gratifying to note that we have now achieved 17 consecutive quarters of year-over-
year operating earnings per share growth and 13 consecutive quarters of volume growth, excluding the impact of acquisitions
and divestitures. We achieved record operating EBITDA and closed the year with the highest operating EBITDA margin in nearly
two decades.
Some financial highlights from 2016 include:
0 Operating earnings per share grew '7 percent to $3.72.
0 Operating EBITDA rose $212 million to reach an all-time high of $9.8 billion, while operating EBITDA margin expanded to
20.4 percent — the highest level in nearly 20 years.
0 We achieved 4 percent volume growth (excluding acquisitions and divestitures), with gains across nearly all geographic areas.
0 We delivered $313 million in productivity savings, delivering on our 201 6 target of $300 million.
0 We converted all of our Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock into Common Stock, eliminating the $340 million
annual preferred dividend payment and further enhancing Dow’s capital structure.
0 Last but not least, we returned nearly $3 billion to you, our shareholders, in 201 6. This included $2 billion through our record-
high annual dividend and more than $0.9 billion in share repurchases.
Not only have we performed on the bottom line, we continue to parallel this performance with the delivery of some
truly game-changing projects.
Last year, we restructured and integrated our 73-year-old joint venture, Dow Coming. This hand-in-glove fit with the Dow
we’ve created during the last decade has overdelivered in terms of synergies, with a run rate of more than $360 million versus a
target of $1 20 million by end of 2016, and its seamless integration into the Company culturally and into our portfolio portends to
major growth synergies of more than $100 million in near-term EBITDA. To this end, we’ve announced an investment in a major
R&D center in Midland that will create 200 newjobs at the Dow Corning headquarters site.
Simultaneously, we have begun the startup and return to operations of our Sadarajoint venture in Jubail, Saudi Arabia. His
Majesty, King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques, inaugurated this facility in November last year,
and four of the 26 units are now up and running, producing quality products for our customers in the Near and Far East. The rest of
this game-changing, world-scale facility will be up and running by mid-201 '7. Dow people at the site and elsewhere supporting this
mammoth undertaking show why we are a partner of choice to the best companies in the world, including of course our partner in
Sadara, Saudi Aramco, the world’s largest energy company.
And on the U.S. Gulf Coast, our new ethylene plant is now nearly 95 percent mechanically complete, with derivative plants well
into the construction phase. Our expansion in Louisiana and the startup of one of our polyethylene facilities in Texas show what
we can expect from these $6 billion investments as they take vital U.S.-sourced ethane and propane from shale gas and convert
them into vital products forthe U.S. and overseas consumer.
In addition, our industry-leading innovation engine is continuing to outperform. It now produces more than 5,000 new
products each year and delivered 754 U.S. patent grants in 2016 — an all-time record forthe Company. In 2016, Dow was
recognized with seven R&D 100 awards as well as its 1 0th Presidential Green Chemistry Award, both more than any other company.
More than 20 percent of Dow’s revenue now comes from patent-advantaged sales.
2 The Dow Chemical Company