The following information relates to the US. plans only; a similar approach is used for the Company’s non—U.S. plans.
The Company determines the expected long-term rate of return on assets by performing a detailed analysis of
historical and expected returns based on the strategic asset allocation approved by the Company's Investment
Committee and the underlying return fundamentals of each asset class. The Company’s historical experience with the
pension fund asset performance is also considered. The expected return of each asset class is derived from a forecasted
future return confirmed by historical experience. The expected long-term rate of return is an assumption and not what
is expected to be earned in any one particular year. The weighted-average long-term rate of return assumption used for
determining net periodic pension expense for 2016 was 7.77 percent. The assumption used for determining 2017 net
periodic pension expense is 7.91 percent. Future actual pension expense will depend on future investment
performance, changes in future discount rates and various other factors related to the population of participants in the
Company’s pension plans.
The discount rates utilized to measure the pension and other postretirement obligations of the US. qualified plans are
based on the yield on high—quality corporate fixed income investments at the measurement date. Future expected
actuarially determined cash ﬂows for Dow’s US. plans are individually discounted at the spot rates under the Willis
Towers Watson U.S. RATE2Link 60-90 corporate yield curve (based on 60th to 90th percentile high-quality corporate
bond yields) to arrive at the plan’s obligations as of the measurement date. The weighted average discount rate
decreased to 4.11 percent at December 31, 2016, from 4.40 percent at December 31, 2015.
At December 31, 2016, the US. qualified plans were underfunded on a projected benefit obligation basis by
$5.1 billion. The underfunded amount increased approximately $1.3 billion compared with December 31, 2015. The
increase in the underfunded amount in 2016 was primarily due to the pension plan assets and obligations assumed
from Dow Corning and the change in the discount rate. The Company contributed $350 million to the US. qualified
plans in 2016.
The assumption for the long-term rate of increase in compensation levels for the principal U.S. qualified plans was
4.25 percent. The Company uses a generational mortality table to determine the duration of its pension and other
postretirement obligations.
The following discussion relates to the Company’s significant pension plans.
The Company bases the determination of pension expense on a market-related valuation of plan assets that reduces
year-to-year volatility. This market-related valuation recognizes investment gains or losses over a five-year period
from the year in which they occur. Investment gains or losses for this purpose represent the diﬁerence between the
expected return calculated using the market-related value of plan assets and the actual return based on the market value
of plan assets. Since the market-related value of plan assets recognizes gains or losses over a five-year period, the
future value of plan assets will be impacted when previously deferred gains or losses are recorded. Over the life of the
plans, both gains and losses have been recognized and amortized. At December 31, 2016, net losses of $520 million
remain to be recognized in the calculation of the market-related value of plan assets. These net losses will result in
increases in future pension expense as they are recognized in the market-related value of assets.
The decrease in the market-related value of assets due to the recognition of prior losses is presented in the following
table:
Decrease in Market-Related Asset Value Due to
Recognition of Prior Losses
In millions
|2017 $ 94 l
2018 148
|2019 241 l
2020 37 7
[Total $ 520
On January 1, 2016, the Company adopted the spot rate approach to determine the discount rate utilized to measure the
service cost and interest cost components of net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs for the US.
and other selected countries. Under the spot rate approach, the Company calculates service costs and interest costs by
applying individual spot rates from the Willis Towers Watson RATE2Link yield curve (based on high—quality corporate
60