Share Repurchase Program
On February 13, 2013, the Board of Directors approved a share buy-back program, authorizing up to $1.5 billion to be spent on
the repurchase of the Company's common stock. On January 29, 2014, the Board of Directors announced an expansion of the
Company's share buy-back authorization, authorizing an additional amount not to exceed $3 billion to be spent on the
repurchase of the Company's common stock over a period of time. On November 12, 2014, the Board of Directors announced a
new $5 billion tranche to its share buy-back program. As a result of these actions, the total authorized amount of the share
repurchase program is $9.5 billion. As of December 31, 2016, the Company has spent $8.1 billion on repurchases of common
stock under the share buy-back program. The Company intends to repurchase shares in 2017.
On October 5, 2015, (i) the Company completed the transfer of its US. Gulf Coast Chlor—Alkali and Vinyl, Global Chlorinated
Organics and Global Epoxy businesses ("chlorine value chain") into a new company ("Splitco"), (ii) participating Dow
shareholders tendered, and the Company accepted, Dow shares for Splitco shares in a public exchange oﬁer, and (iii) Splitco
merged with a wholly owned subsidiary of Olin Corporation in a tax-efficient Reverse Morris Trust transaction (collectively,
the "Transaction"). Dow shareholders who participated in the public exchange offer tendered 34.1 million shares of Dow
common stock in exchange for 100 million shares of Splitco. As a result of this non-cash share exchange offer, the Company
included the 34.1 million tendered shares as part of the share repurchase program and recorded an increase of $1,523 million in
“Treasury stock at cost” in the consolidated balance sheets, which was valued based on Dow’s opening stock price on
October 5, 2015. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on this Transaction.
For additional information related to the share repurchase program, see Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities and Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Pension Plans
The Company has defined benefit pension plans in the United States and a number of other countries. The Company’s funding
policy is to contribute to plans when pension laws and/or economics either require or encourage funding. During 2016, 2015
and 2014, the Company contributed $629 million, $844 million and $815 million to its pension plans, including contributions to
fund benefit payments for its non—qualified supplemental plans. Dow expects to contribute approximately $500 million to its
pension plans in 2017. See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information concerning the
Company’s pension plans.
Restructuring
The activities related to the 2015 and 2016 restructuring programs are expected to result in additional cash expenditures of
$281 million, primarily through June 30, 2018, related to severance costs and costs associated with exit and disposal activities,
including environmental remediation (see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). The Company expects to incur
additional costs in the future related to its restructuring activities, as the Company continually looks for ways to enhance the
efficiency and cost effectiveness of its operations, and to ensure competitiveness across its businesses and geographic areas.
Future costs are expected to include demolition costs related to closed facilities and restructuring plan implementation costs;
these costs will be recognized as incurred. The Company also expects to incur additional employee-related costs, including
involuntary termination benefits, related to its other optimization activities. These costs cannot be reasonably estimated at this
time.
55