CONSUMER SOLUTIONS
The Consumer Solutions segment consists of four global businesses: Consumer Care, Dow Automotive Systems, Dow
Electronic Materials and Consumer Solutions - Silicones. These global businesses develop and market customized materials
using advanced technology and unique chemistries for specialty applications including semiconductors and organic light-
emitting diodes ("OLEDs"), adhesives and foams used by the transportation industry, cellulosics and other polymers for
innovative pharmaceutical formulations and food solutions, and silicone solutions used in consumer goods and automotive
applications. These businesses serve the needs of market segments as diverse as: automotive; electronics and entertainment;
food and pharmaceuticals; and, personal and home care products. The segment's commitment to continuous innovation and
rapid new product development enables it to maximize opportunities in emerging geographies and high-growth consumer
market segments in nearly 110 countries.
Details on Consumer Solutions' 2016 sales, by business and geographic area, are as follows:
2016 Sales by Business 2016 Sales by Geographic Area
DOW Eﬁale;:ggig—\/—\ ASla '35“:ch -\ ,— Latin America
( r /— Consumer Care ’
‘ North America
Q \_ Consumer Solutions '
Dow Automotive _/ _ Silicones
Systems _ EMEAl—/ —
Consumer Care
Consumer Care provides global and regional brand owners in food, pharmaceutical, personal care and home care markets with
innovative formulations and ingredients designed to add value to their products and help consumers live healthier and more
convenient lives.
Consumer Care's principal businesses each serve one or more key market segments, as noted below:
IBusiness lMarket Segments lTechnologies I
Dow Home, Personal care, home care and specialty From polymers and emollients to chelants and
Institutional & applications with key focus on hair care, skin dispersants, Dow offers unique innovations that
Personal Care care, sun care, cleansing, as well as fabric, empower consumer brands around the world to
Solutions dish, ﬂoor, hard surface and air care deliver exceptional product performance and process
applications enhancements that create value. Other notable
technologies include opacifiers, rheology modifiers,
surfactants and solvents.
Dow Pharma and Food Pharmaceutical, food and nutrition Cellulosic and other technologies help bring new
Solutions classes of medicines to market and enable foods that
are healthier (gluten-free, reduced oil/fat content).
Notable technologies include excipients and active
pharmaceutical ingredients, solubility enhancers,
reagents, granulation and binders, as well as coatings
and controlled release.
SAFECHEMTMU) A service business responsible for the Offers cleaning solutions, equipment and services for
sustainable and innovative use of solvents metal and dry cleaning applications. Provides closed-
loop SAFE-TAINERTM System delivery systems to
ensure emission free use of cleaning agents. 7
(1) On December 31, 2016, the Company sold its SAFECHEMTM business. SAFECHEMTM was reported as part of the Consumer
Solutions segment through the date of divestiture.
7