The Dow Chemical Company and Subsidiaries
PART II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and
(Unaudited) Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS
Table of Contents
Page
2016 Overview 3 1
Results of Operations 33
Segment Results 40
Sales Volume and Price Charts 40
Agricultural Sciences 41
Consumer Solutions 42
Infrastructure Solutions 44
Performance Materials & Chemicals 45
Performance Plastics 47
Corporate 49
Liquidity and Capital Resources 50
Other Matters 57
Critical Accounting Policies 57
Environmental Matters 62
Asbestos-Related Matters of Union Carbide Corporation 66
ABOUT DOW
Dow combines the power of science and technology to passionately innovate what is essential to human progress. The
Company is driving innovations that extract value from material, polymer, chemical and biological science to help address
many of the world's most challenging problems, such as the need for fresh food, safer and more sustainable transportation,
clean water, energy efficiency, more durable infrastructure, and increasing agricultural productivity. Dow's integrated, market-
driven portfolio delivers a broad range of technology-based products and solutions to customers in 175 countries and in high-
growth sectors such as packaging, infrastructure, transportation, consumer care, electronics and agriculture. In 2016, Dow had
annual sales of $48 billion and employed approximately 56,000 people worldwide. The Company's more than 7,000 product
families are manufactured at 189 sites in 34 countries across the globe. The Company conducts its worldwide operations
through global businesses, which are reported in five operating segments: Agricultural Sciences, Consumer Solutions,
Infrastructure Solutions, Performance Materials & Chemicals and Performance Plastics.
In 2016, 38 percent of the Company’s sales were to customers in North America; 30 percent were in Europe, Middle East,
Africa and India ("EMEAI"); while the remaining 32 percent were to customers in Asia Pacific and Latin America.
In 2016, the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries did not operate in countries subject to US. economic sanctions and
export controls as imposed by the US. State Department or in countries designated by the US. State Department as state
sponsors of terrorism, including Iran, Sudan and Syria. The Company has policies and procedures in place designed to ensure
that it and its consolidated subsidiaries remain in compliance with applicable US laws and regulations.
30