The Dow Chemical Company and Subsidiaries
i PART IV, Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 7
EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
(a) The following documents are filed as part of this report:
(1) The Company’s 2016 Consolidated Financial Statements and the Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm are included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
(2) Financial Statement Schedules — The following Financial Statement Schedule should be read in conjunction
with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data:
Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
Schedules other than the one listed above are omitted due to the absence of conditions under which they are
required or because the information called for is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
(3) Exhibits — See the Exhibit Index for the exhibits filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by
reference. The following exhibits are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10—K:
Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit :
10(a)(iii) Amendment to The Dow Chemical Company Executives' Supplemental
Retirement Plan.
10(dd)(iii) Amendment to The Dow Chemical Company Elective Deferral Plan
(Post 2004).
12.1 Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Combined Fixed
Charges and Preferred Stock Dividend Requirements.
21 Subsidiaries of The Dow Chemical Company.
23(a) Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
23(b) Ankura Consulting Group, LLC's Consent.
31(a) Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31(b) Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32(a) Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32(b) Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
101 .INS XBRL Instance Document.
101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.
101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.
101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.
101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.
101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.
A copy of any exhibit can be obtained via the Internet through the Investor Relations section of the Company's
website (www.dow.com/investor—relations), or the Company will provide a copy of any exhibit upon receipt of
a written request for the particular exhibit or exhibits desired. All requests should be addressed to the Controller
and Vice President of Controllers and Tax of the Company at the address of the Company’s principal executive
oﬁices. The Company's website and its content are not deemed incorporated by reference into this report.
158