Company's exposure to purchased ethylene and propylene is expected to decline, oﬁfset by increased exposure to ethane and
propane feedstocks.
While the Company expects abundant and cost-advantaged supplies of NGLs in the United States to persist for the foreseeable
future, if NGLs were to become significantly less advantaged than crude oil-based feedstocks, it could have a negative impact
on the Company’s results of operations and future investments. Also, if the Company’s key suppliers of feedstocks and energy
are unable to provide the raw materials required for production, it could have a negative impact on the Company's results of
operations.
Supply/Demand Balance: Earnings generated by the Company's products vary based in part on the balance of supply
relative to demand within the industry.
The balance of supply relative to demand within the industry may be significantly impacted by the addition of new capacity,
especially for basic commodities where capacity is generally added in large increments as world-scale facilities are built. This
may disrupt industry balances and result in downward pressure on prices due to the increase in supply, which could negatively
impact the Company's results of operations.
Litigation: The Company is party to a number of claims and lawsuits arising out of the normal course of business with
respect to product liability, patent infringement, employment matters, governmental tax and regulation disputes,
contract and commercial litigation, and other actions.
Certain of the claims and lawsuits facing the Company purport to be class actions and seek damages in very large amounts. All
such claims are contested. With the exception of the possible eﬁect of the asbestos-related liability of Union Carbide
Corporation (“Union Carbide”) and Chapter 11 related matters of Dow Corning as described below, it is the opinion of the
Company's management that the possibility is remote that the aggregate of all such claims and lawsuits will have a material
adverse impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.
Union Carbide is and has been involved in a large number of asbestos-related suits filed primarily in state courts during the past
four decades. At December 31, 2016, Union Carbide's total asbestos—related liability, including defense and processing costs,
was $1,490 million ($437 million at December 31, 2015, which excluded defense and processing costs).
In 1995, Dow Corning, a former 50:50 joint venture, voluntarily filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the US. Bankruptcy
Code in order to resolve breast implant liabilities and related matters ("Chapter 11 Proceeding"). Dow Corning emerged from
the Chapter 11 Proceeding on June 1, 2004, and is implementing the Joint Plan of Reorganization (the "Plan"). The Plan
provides funding for the resolution of breast implant and other product liability litigation covered by the Chapter 11 Proceeding
and provides a process for the satisfaction of commercial creditor claims in the Chapter 11 Proceeding. At December 31, 2016,
Dow Corning's liability for breast implant and other product liability claims was $263 million and the liability related to
commercial creditor claims was $108 million.
See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these matters.
Environmental Compliance: The costs of complying with evolving regulatory requirements could negatively impact the
Company's ﬁnancial results. Actual or alleged violations of environmental laws or permit requirements could result in
restrictions or prohibitions on plant operations, substantial civil or criminal sanctions, as well as the assessment of strict
liability and/or joint and several liability.
The Company is subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations, rules and ordinances relating to
pollution, protection of the environment, greenhouse gas emissions, and the generation, storage, handling, transportation,
treatment, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and waste materials. At December 31, 2016, the Company had
accrued obligations of $909 million ($670 million at December 31, 2015) for probable environmental remediation and
restoration costs, including $151 million ($74 million at December 31, 2015) for the remediation of Superfund sites. This is
management's best estimate of the costs for remediation and restoration with respect to environmental matters for which the
Company has accrued liabilities, although it is reasonably possible that the ultimate cost with respect to these particular matters
could range up to approximately two times that amount. Costs and capital expenditures relating to environmental, health or
safety matters are subject to evolving regulatory requirements and depend on the timing of the promulgation and enforcement
of specific standards which impose the requirements. Moreover, changes in environmental regulations could inhibit or interrupt
the Company's operations, or require modifications to its facilities. Accordingly, environmental, health or safety regulatory
matters could result in significant unanticipated costs or liabilities.
2 1