Litigation
Asbestos-Related Matters of Union Carbide Corporation
Introduction
Union Carbide is and has been involved in a large number of asbestos-related suits filed primarily in state courts during the past
four decades. These suits principally allege personal injury resulting from exposure to asbestos-containing products and
frequently seek both actual and punitive damages. The alleged claims primarily relate to products that Union Carbide sold in
the past, alleged exposure to asbestos-containing products located on Union Carbide’s premises, and Union Carbide’s
responsibility for asbestos suits filed against a former Union Carbide subsidiary, Amchem. In many cases, plaintiffs are unable
to demonstrate that they have suﬁered any compensable loss as a result of such exposure, or that injuries incurred in fact
resulted from exposure to Union Carbide’s products.
Union Carbide expects more asbestos-related suits to be filed against Union Carbide and Amchem in the future, and will
aggressively defend or reasonably resolve, as appropriate, both pending and future claims.
Estimating the Liability for Asbestos-Related Pending and Future Claims
Based on a study completed in January 2003 by Analysis, Research & Flaming Corporation (now known as Ankura Consulting
Group, LLC ("Ankura") as a result of the March 2016 merger of Analysis, Research & Flaming Corporation and Ankura),
Union Carbide increased its December 31, 2002 asbestos-related liability for pending and future claims for a 15-year period
ending in 2017 to $2.2 billion, excluding future defense and processing costs. Since then, Union Carbide has compared current
asbestos claim and resolution activity to the results of the most recent Ankura study at each balance sheet date to determine
whether the accrual continues to be appropriate. In addition, Union Carbide has requested Ankura to review Union Carbide’s
historical asbestos claim and resolution activity each year since 2004 to determine the appropriateness of updating the most
recent Ankura study.
In October 2014, Union Carbide requested Ankura to review its historical asbestos claim and resolution activity and determine
the appropriateness of updating its December 2012 study. In response to that request, Ankura reviewed and analyzed data
through September 30, 2014. The resulting study, completed by Ankura in December 2014, estimated the undiscounted cost of
disposing of pending and future claims against Union Carbide and Amchem, excluding future defense and processing costs,
was between $540 million and $640 million through 2029 based on the data as of September 30, 2014.
In December 2014, based on Ankura's December 2014 study and Union Carbide's own review of the asbestos claim and
resolution activity, Union Carbide determined that an adjustment to the accrual was required due to the increase in
mesothelioma claim activity compared with what had been forecasted in the December 2012 study. Accordingly, Union Carbide
increased its asbestos—related liability for pending and future claims by $78 million, which was included in "Asbestos—related
charge" in the consolidated statements of income. At December 31, 2014, the asbestos-related liability for pending and future
claims was $513 million, and approximately 22 percent of the recorded liability related to pending claims and approximately
78 percent related to future claims.
In October 2015, Union Carbide requested Ankura to review its historical asbestos claim and resolution activity and determine
the appropriateness of updating its December 2014 study. In response to that request, Ankura reviewed and analyzed data
through September 30, 2015. In December 2015 , Ankura stated that an update of its December 2014 study would not provide a
more likely estimate of future events than the estimate reﬂected in the study and, therefore, the estimate in that study remained
applicable. Based on Union Carbide's own review of the asbestos claim and resolution activity and Ankura's response, Union
Carbide determined that no change to the accrual was required. At December 31, 2015, the asbestos—related liability for pending
and future claims was $437 million, and approximately 21 percent of the recorded liability related to pending claims and
approximately 79 percent related to future claims.
In October 2016, Union Carbide requested Ankura to review its historical asbestos claim and resolution activity and determine
the appropriateness of updating its December 2014 study. In response to the request, Ankura reviewed and analyzed asbestos-
related claim and resolution data through September 30, 2016. The resulting study, completed by Ankura in December 2016,
provided estimates for the undiscounted cost of disposing of pending and future claims against Union Carbide and Amchem,
excluding future defense and processing costs, for both a 15-year period and through the terminal year of 2049.
Based on the study completed in December 2016 by Ankura, and Union Carbide's own review of the asbestos claim and
resolution activity, it was determined that an adjustment to the accrual was necessary. Union Carbide determined that using the
estimate through the terminal year of 2049 was more appropriate due to increasing knowledge and data about the costs to
resolve claims and diminished volatility in filing rates. Using the range in the Ankura December 2016 study, which was
estimated to be between $502 million and $565 million for the undiscounted cost of disposing of pending and future claims,
Union Carbide increased its asbestos-related liability for pending and future claims through the terminal year of 2049 by
1 13