Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these items. Excluding these certain items, EBITDA decreased
compared with 2015 as the impact of higher sales volume, lower feedstock, energy and other raw material costs and higher
equity earnings from The SCG—Dow Group were more than offset by lower selling prices, lower equity earnings from
EQUATE and increased equity losses from Sadara related to start-up expenses.
2015 Versus 2014
Performance Plastics sales for 2015 were $18,357 million, down 18 percent from $22,386 million in 2014, with price down
23 percent and volume up 5 percent. Price decreased across all geographic areas and all businesses in response to significantly
lower raw material costs coupled with the unfavorable impact of currency, which represented approximately 20 percent of the
price decline. Double-digit price declines were reported in Hydrocarbons as prices for monomers and ethylene by-products are
generally correlated to Brent crude oil prices, which declined approximately 45 percent compared with 2014. Volume increased
across all geographic areas and all businesses, except Energy. Volume in Hydrocarbons increased due to new supply
agreements with Olin as a result of the split-off of the chlorine value chain. Dow Packaging and Specialty Plastics volume
improved across all geographic areas due to improved operating rates and increased demand in the food and specialty
packaging, industrial and consumer packaging, and hygiene and medical market sectors. Dow Elastomers volume improved
across all geographic areas due to improved raw material supply and higher demand in the transportation, infrastructure and
consumer goods market sectors. Volume in Dow Electrical and Telecommunications was ﬂat compared with 2014 as growth in
North America was offset by volume declines in EMEAI and Latin America. Volume declined in the Energy business due to
reduced sales in North America which more than offset increased volume from new supply agreements with Olin as a result of
the split-off of the chlorine value chain.
The Company's cost of purchased feedstock and energy decreased $8,542 million in 2015, a 42 percent decrease from 2014,
primarily due to decreased naphtha, condensate, propane, natural gas and purchased monomers costs in Europe and North
America.
EBITDA for 2015 was $5,399 million, up from $4,422 million in 2014. EBITDA for 2015 was favorably impacted by
$597 million of certain items, as previously discussed. Excluding these certain items, EBITDA improved compared with 2014
as the impact of lower feedstock and energy costs, higher sales volume and increased equity earnings from The SCG-Dow
Group more than offset the impact of lower selling prices, higher maintenance turnaround spending and lower equity earnings
from EQUATE, TKSC and Univation and increased equity losses from Sadara.
Performance Plastics Outlook for 2017
In 2017, the Company expects crude oil and natural gas prices, on average, to be higher than 2016. As a result, feedstock and
energy costs are expected to be higher than 2016 levels. Global ethylene margins are expected to increase with continued strong
demand and delays in new North American industry ethylene production capacity. Ethylene margins could vary materially from
these expectations depending on changes in input costs, global GDP growth and global operating rates. Volume in the
Hydrocarbons and Energy businesses is expected to decrease as higher crude oil and naphtha prices are expected to cause a
shift to lighter cracker feedslates and lower production of ethylene by-products. Volume is expected to increase in Dow
Packaging and Specialty Plastics due to continued strong demand fundamentals, increased production from the Sadara
polyethylene facilities and the expected start-up of certain US. Gulf Coast projects. Dow Elastomers is expected to experience
volume growth in most market segments, primarily in transportation, infrastructure and footwear, despite new global industry
capacity coming on—line. Dow Electrical and Telecommunications volume is expected to grow at or slightly above GDP in all
geographic areas, driven by demand growth in power transmission and increased use of fiber optic applications used in
telecommunications, partially offset by the impact of new industry capacity. Price across all businesses is expected to be
inﬂuenced by changes in feedstock costs and competitive pricing pressures.
Sadara is expected to increase production in 2017 with the start-up of a fourth polyethylene train (three were in operation
during 2016) plus the start-up of additional facilities producing other high—value added ethylene, propylene and aromatics
derivatives. Dow is responsible for marketing the majority of Sadara products outside of the Middle East zone through the
Company's established sales channels. As part of this arrangement, the Company purchases and sells Sadara products for a
marketing fee.
On February 2, 2017, the Company announced it reached an agreement to sell its global ethylene acrylic acid ("EAA")
copolymers and ionomers business to SK Global Chemical Co., Ltd. as part of the ongoing regulatory approval process for the
proposed merger with DuPont. The divestiture will be conditioned on Dow and DuPont closing the merger transaction, in
addition to other closing conditions, including regulatory filings, local employment law and governance obligations. The BAA
business is part of the Dow Packaging and Specialty Plastics global business and marketed under the PRIMACORTM brand.
The divestiture agreement includes production assets in Freeport, Texas, and Tarragona, Spain, along with associated
intellectual property and trademarks.
48