annual sales of $48 billion and employed approximately 56,000 people worldwide. The Company's more than 7,000 product
families are manufactured at 189 sites in 34 countries across the globe. The Company conducts its worldwide operations
through global businesses, which are reported in five operating segments: Agricultural Sciences, Consumer Solutions,
Infrastructure Solutions, Performance Materials & Chemicals and Performance Plastics.
Agricultural Sciences
The Agricultural Sciences segment is a global leader in providing crop protection and seed/plant biotechnology products
and technologies, urban pest management solutions and healthy oils. The business invents, develops, manufactures and
markets products for use in agricultural, industrial and commercial pest management. Agricultural Sciences consists of two
businesses - Crop Protection and Seeds.
Acquisition:
On January 30, 2015, DAS acquired Coodetec's seed business. See Note 4 for additional information on this acquisition.
Divestiture:
On July 31, 2015, the Company sold its AgroFresh business to AFSI. The AgroFresh business was reported in the
Agricultural Sciences segment through the date of divestiture. The Company has retained a minority interest in AF SI
which is reported in the Agricultural Sciences segment and accounted for as an equity method investment. See Note 5 for
additional information on this divestiture.
Consumer Solutions
The Consumer Solutions segment consists of four global businesses: Consumer Care, Dow Automotive Systems, Dow
Electronic Materials and Consumer Solutions - Silicones. These global businesses develop and market customized
materials using advanced technology and unique chemistries for specialty applications - including semiconductors and
organic light-emitting diodes, adhesives and foams used by the transportation industry, cellulosics and other polymers for
innovative pharmaceutical formulations and food solutions, and silicone solutions used in consumer goods and automotive
applications. These businesses serve the needs of market segments as diverse as: automotive; electronics and
entertainment; food and pharmaceuticals, and, personal and home care products. The Consumer Solutions segment also
includes a portion of the Company's share of the results of Dow Corning, a joint venture of the Company, through May 31,
2016, and the results of the HSC Group.
Dow Corning Ownership Restructure:
As of June 1, 2016, Dow Corning, previously a 50:50 joint venture between Dow and Coming, became a wholly owned
subsidiary of Dow as a result of an ownership restructure. Dow and Corning continue to maintain their historical
proportional equity interest in the HSC Group. Beginning in June 2016, the results of Dow Corning, excluding the HSC
Group, are fully consolidated into the Company's consolidated statements of income and aligned with the Consumer
Solutions and Infrastructure Solutions operating segments. The results of the HSC Group will continue to be reported as
"Equity in earnings of nonconsolidated affiliates" in the consolidated statements of income and aligned with the
Consumer Solutions and Infrastructure Solutions operating segments. See Note 4 for additional information on this
transaction.
Infrastructure Solutions
The Infrastructure Solutions segment is comprised of an industry-leading portfolio of businesses utilizing advanced
technology to deliver products such as architectural and industrial coatings, construction material ingredients, building
insulation and materials, adhesives, microbial protection for the oil and gas industry, telecommunications, light and water
technologies. Infrastructure Solutions consists of five global businesses: Dow Building & Construction, Dow Coating
Materials, Energy & Water Solutions, Performance Monomers and Infrastructure Solutions - Silicones. The Infrastructure
Solutions segment also includes a portion of the Company's share of the results of Dow Corning, a joint venture of the
Company, through May 31, 2016, and the results of the HSC Group.
Dow Corning Ownership Restructure:
See discussion above under Consumer Solutions for additional information.
Performance Materials & Chemicals
The Performance Materials & Chemicals segment is comprised of three technology-driven, customer-centric global
businesses that are advantaged through integration and driven by innovative technology and solutions: Chlor—Alkali and
Vinyl, Industrial Solutions and Polyurethanes. Products produced by this segment are back-integrated into feedstocks,
supporting a low-cost manufacturing base and consistent, reliable supply. The Performance Materials & Chemicals
segment is positioned for growth through diverse markets and product offerings. The Performance Materials & Chemicals
148