Court that they were entitled to reinstate the judgment as a state law nuisance claim, independent of the PAA. The District
Court rejected that argument and entered judgment in favor of the defendants (Cook v. Rockwell Int’l Corp, 13 F. Supp. 3d 1153
(D. Colo. 2014)). The plaintiffs appealed to the Court of Appeals, which reversed the District Court's ruling, holding that the
PAA did not preempt the plaintiffs' nuisance claim under Colorado law and that the plaintiﬁs could seek reinstatement of the
prior nuisance verdict under Colorado law, and remanded for additional proceedings, including consideration of whether the
District Court could recertify the class (Cook v. Rockwell Int’l Corp, 790 F.3d 1088 (10th Cir. 2015)).
Dow and Rockwell continued to litigate this matter in the District Court and in the United States Supreme Court. On May 18,
2016, Dow, Rockwell and the plaintiffs entered into a settlement agreement for $375 million, of which $131 million was to be
paid by Dow and $244 million was to be paid by Rockwell (collectively, the "Settlement Agreement"). The DOE authorized the
settlement pursuant to the PAA and the nuclear hazards indemnity provisions contained in Dow and Rockwell's contracts. The
District Court granted preliminary approval to the class settlement on August 5, 2016. On December 13, 2016, the United States
Civil Board of Contract Appeals unanimously ordered the United States government to pay the amounts stipulated in the
Settlement Agreement. At December 31, 2016, the Company had a liability of $130 million related to this matter (having
already paid $1 million towards class notice costs), included in "Accrued and other current liabilities" in the consolidated
balance sheets and a receivable of $131 million, included in "Accounts and notes receivable - Other" in the consolidated
balance sheets. On January 17, 2017, the Company received a full indemnity payment ($131 million) from the United States
government for Dow's share of the class settlement. The Company subsequently funded an escrow account for the settlement
payment owed to the plaintiffs, which will remain in escrow until the settlement is approved by the District Court and finalized.
A fairness hearing on the class settlement is scheduled for April 28, 2017.
Dow Corning Chapter 11 Related Matters
Introduction
In 1995, Dow Corning, then a 50:50 joint venture between Dow and Corning Incorporated, voluntarily filed for protection
under Chapter 11 of the US. Bankruptcy Code in order to resolve Dow Corning’s breast implant liabilities and related matters
(the “Chapter 11 Proceeding”). Dow Corning emerged from the Chapter 11 Proceeding on June 1, 2004 (the “Effective Date”)
and is implementing the Joint Plan of Reorganization (the “Plan”). The Plan provides funding for the resolution of breast
implant and other product liability litigation covered by the Chapter 11 Proceeding and provides a process for the satisfaction of
commercial creditor claims in the Chapter 11 Proceeding. As of June 1, 2016, Dow Corning is a wholly owned subsidiary of
Dow.
Breast Implant and Other Product Liability Claims
The centerpiece of the Plan is a product liability settlement program administered by an independent claims office (the
“Settlement Facility”). Product liability claimants rejecting the settlement program in favor of pursuing litigation must bring
suit against a litigation facility (the “Litigation Facility”). Under the Plan, total payments committed by Dow Corning to
resolving product liability claims are capped at a maximum $2,350 million net present value (“NPV”) determined as of the
Effective Date using a discount rate of seven percent (approximately $3,600 million undiscounted at December 31, 2016). Of
this amount, no more than $400 million NPV determined as of the Eﬁective Date can be used to fund the Litigation Facility.
Dow Corning has an obligation to fund the Settlement Facility and the Litigation Facility over a 16-year period, commencing at
the Effective Date. Under the Plan, Dow Corning is not required to remit additional funds to the Settlement Facility unless and
until necessary to preserve liquidity. As of December 31, 2016, Dow Coming and its insurers have made life-to-date payments
of $1,762 million to the Settlement Facility and the Settlement Facility reported an unexpended balance of $148 million.
On June 1, 2016, as part of the ownership restructure of Dow Corning and in accordance with ASC 450 "Accounting for
Contingencies," the Company recorded a liability of $290 million for breast implant and other product liability claims
(“Implant Liability”), which reﬂected the estimated impact of the settlement of future claims primarily based on reported claim
filing levels in the Revised Settlement Program (the “RSP”) and on the resolution of almost all cases pending against the
Litigation Facility. The RSP was a program sponsored by certain other breast implant manufacturers in the context of multi-
district, coordinated federal breast implant cases and was open from 1995 through 2010. The RSP was also a revised successor
to an earlier settlement plan involving Dow Corning (prior to its bankruptcy filing). While Dow Corning withdrew from the
RSP, many of the benefit categories and payment levels in Dow Corning’s settlement program were drawn from the RSP. Based
on the comparability in design and actual claim experience of both plans, management concluded that claim information from
the RSP provides a reasonable basis to estimate future claim filing levels for the Settlement Facility.
In 2014, with the assistance of a third party consultant ("consultant"), Dow Corning developed an estimate of its Implant
Liability ("2014 Estimate”), primarily based on the assumption that future claim filings in the remaining periods of the
Settlement Facility will be similar to claim filing trends observed in the RSP. In the fourth quarter of 2016, Dow Corning
requested the consultant review the available data and determine the appropriateness of updating the 2014 Estimate. In response
1 17