asserted that all of Bayer’s patents at issue are invalid and/or not infringed, and, therefore, for these reasons (and others), a
license was not required. During the pendency of the arbitration proceeding, DAS filed six re-examination petitions with the
United States Patent & Trademark Office (“USPTO”) against the Bayer patents, asserting that each patent is invalid based on
the doctrine against double-patenting and/or prior art. The USPTO granted all six petitions, and, on February 26, 2015, the
USPTO issued an office action rejecting the patentability of the sole Bayer patent claim in the only asserted Bayer patent that
has not expired (the "'962 patent") and that forms the basis for the vast majority of the damages in the arbitral award discussed
below.
A three-member arbitration tribunal presided over the arbitration proceeding (the “tribunal”). In a decision dated
October 9, 2015, the tribunal determined that (i) DAS breached the License Agreement, (ii) Bayer properly terminated the
License Agreement, (iii) all of the patents remaining in the proceeding are valid and infringed, and (iv) that Bayer is entitled to
monetary damages in the amount of $455 million inclusive of pre-judgment interest and costs (the “arbitral award”). One of the
arbitrators, however, issued a partial dissent finding that all of the patents are invalid based on the double-patenting doctrine.
The tribunal also denied Bayer ’s request for injunctive relief The arbitration award is not self-executing, and must be
confirmed by a court for it to be enforceable and to have the legal effect of a judgment. On October 16, 2015, Bayer filed a
motion in US. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia ("federal district court") seeking to confirm the arbitral award.
DAS opposed the motion and filed separate motions to vacate the award, or in the alternative, to stay enforcement of the award
until the USPTO issues final office actions with respect to the re-examination proceedings. On January 15, 2016, the federal
district court denied DAS' motions and confirmed the award. DAS has appealed the federal district court's decision, and DAS
has posted a bond to stay enforcement of the award during the appeal. Briefing for the appeal is complete and oral argument at
the US. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit has been scheduled for February 9, 2017.
The Company believes the arbitral award is fundamentally ﬂawed in numerous respects and is confident that it will be vacated
on appeal because it (i) violates US. public policy prohibiting enforcement of invalid patents, (ii) manifestly disregards
applicable law, and (iii) disregards unambiguous contract provisions and ignores the essence of the applicable contracts. The
Company continues to believe that Bayer’s patents are invalid for multiple reasons and that the damages awarded cannot be
supported under prevailing patent law, including US. Supreme Court precedent. The USPTO has issued office actions rejecting
the patentability of all four patents that Bayer asserted in the case. In January 2017, the USPTO issued final oﬁice actions for
two of the patents asserted in the case, including the ‘962 patent, in which it rejected all relevant claims based on the doctrine
against double-patenting. The re-examination proceedings with respect to the other two patents remain pending, although the
Company anticipates that the USPTO will likewise invalidate those patents under the double-patenting doctrine. Although
Bayer may appeal these decisions to the US. Patent Trial and Appeal Board, the Company believes the USPTO final office
actions will provide a strong basis to vacate the arbitral award. If the federal appellate court denies the Company's appeal, the
Company can seek judicial review by the US. Supreme Court.
As part of the Company’s review of the arbitral award, the Company assessed the legal and factual circumstances of the case,
the record of the arbitration and USPTO re-examination status, and the applicable law to vacate the arbitral award. Based on
this review and the reasons stated above, the Company has concluded it is not probable that a loss has been incurred and,
therefore, a liability has not been recorded with respect to this matter. While the Company believes it is not probable that a loss
has been incurred, the existence of the arbitral award and the federal district court confirmation of the award indicates that it is
reasonably possible that a loss could occur. The estimate of the possible range of loss to the Company is zero to the
$455 million amount set forth in the arbitral award (excluding post-judgment interest).
The arbitral award will not impact DAS’s commercialization of its soybean and cotton seed products, including those
containing the ENLISTTM technologies.
Rocky Flats Matter
The Company and Rockwell International Corporation ("Rockwell") (collectively, the "defendants") were defendants in a class
action lawsuit filed in 1990 on behalf of property owners ("plaintiffs") in Rocky Flats, Colorado, who asserted claims for
nuisance and trespass based on alleged property damage caused by plutonium releases from a nuclear weapons facility owned
by the US. Department of Energy ("DOE") (the "facility"). Dow and Rockwell were both DOE contractors that operated the
facility - Dow from 1952 to 1975 and Rockwell from 1975 to 1989. The facility was permanently shut down in 1989.
In 1993, the United States District Court for the District of Colorado ("District Court") certified the class of property owners.
The plaintiffs tried their case as a public liability action under the Price Anderson Act ("PAA"). In 2005, the jury returned a
damages verdict of $926 million. Dow and Rockwell appealed the jury award to the US. Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals
("Court of Appeals") which concluded the PAA had its own injury requirements, on which the jury had not been instructed, and
also vacated the District Court's class certification ruling, reversed and remanded the case, and vacated the District Court's
judgment (Cook v. Rockwell Int’l Corp, 618 F.3d 1127, 1133 (10112 Cir. 2010)). The plaintiffs argued on remand to the District
1 l6