Polyethylene (LDPE) production facility, all aligned with the Company's Performance Plastics segment. See Note 26 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for capital expenditures by operating segment.
Cash F lows from Financing Activities
Cash used in financing activities in 2016 included dividends paid to stockholders (including the accelerated payment of the
fourth quarter preferred dividend), $916 million in purchases of treasury stock, and payments on long-term debt. Cash used in
financing activities in 2015 included dividends paid to stockholders, $1.2 billion in purchases of treasury stock, and payments
on long-term debt, including the early redemption of $724 million of InterNotes which was partially offset by proceeds from
the issuance of long-term debt, including $875 million related to the split-off of the chlorine value chain. Cash used in financing
activities in 2014 included purchases of treasury stock, which totaled $4.2 billion and resulted in the completion of the
Company's initial $4.5 billion share repurchase program, and increased dividends paid to stockholders which was partially
offset by proceeds received from the issuance of new debt, including $2 billion issued in the third quarter of 2014. See Notes 17
and 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the issuance or retirement of debt and the
Company's share repurchase program and Note 6 for information on the split-off of the chlorine value chain.
Free Cash Flow
The Company's management believes that free cash ﬂow, a non-GAAP financial measure, provides relevant and meaningful
information to investors about the Company's ability to generate cash after investing in its asset base. Free cash ﬂow represents
the cash that remains available to fund obligations using the Company's primary source of incremental liquidity - cash provided
by operating activities. This financial measure is not recognized in accordance with US. GAAP and should not be viewed as an
alternative to US. GAAP financial measures of performance.
Reconciliation of Free Cash Flow to "Cash Provided by Operating Activities" 7
in millions 2016 2015 2014 7
[Cash provided bﬂperating activities $ 5,478 $ 7,516 $ 6,502
Capital expenditures (3,804) (3,703) (3,572),
[Free Cash Flow $ 1,674 $ 3,813 $ 2,930 1
Liquidity & Financial Flexibility
The Company’s primary source of incremental liquidity is cash provided by operating activities. The generation of cash from
operations and the Company's ability to access debt markets is expected to meet the Company’s cash requirements for working
capital, capital expenditures, debt maturities, dividend payments, share repurchases, contributions to pension plans and other
needs. In addition to cash provided by operating activities, the Company’s current liquidity sources also include US. and
Euromarket commercial paper, committed credit facilities, accounts receivable securitization facilities and other debt markets.
Additional details on these sources of liquidity are as follows:
Commercial Paper
Dow issues promissory notes under its US. and Euromarket commercial paper programs. At December 31, 2016, the Company
had no commercial paper outstanding. The Company maintains access to the commercial paper market at competitive rates.
Shelf Registration - US.
On October 28, 2016, the Company renewed a shelf registration with the US. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC")
for an unspecified amount of debt securities and warrants to purchase debt securities, with pricing and availability dependent on
market conditions. A prospectus supplement that registered an unlimited amount of securities for issuance under the Company’s
InterNotes program expired on February 19, 2016. Due to the pending transaction with DuPont in which the Company and
DuPont will combine in an all-stock merger of equals strategic combination, the Company did not file a new prospectus
supplement for the InterNotes program. However, the Company remains prepared to file a new prospectus supplement for the
InterNotes program with the SEC.
Shelf Registration - Japan
The Company's shelf registration with the Kanto Local Finance Bureau of the Ministry of Finance of Japan expired on
December 12, 2016.
52