OUTLOOK
The Company is seeing early signs of positive economic momentum, with the United States in expansionary mode, driven by
the ongoing strength of the consumer and the tailwind of a new incoming administration promising structural reforms. Europe
continues its gradual recovery, despite increasing political uncertainty and geopolitical tensions. China’s transition is
progressing on a robust path, and sustained growth of Asia’s middle class continues to drive demand throughout the region.
And finally, Dow sees improvement in Latin America from its low base, with slow but stable gains continuing in Brazil.
The Company expects demand for Dow’s portfolio to remain healthy, particularly in the businesses that serve packaging,
infrastructure, consumer care, electronics, automotive and agriculture. Building on Dow's strong achievements these past
several years, the Company remains well-positioned to capture growth where growth exists around the world. And Dow's
strategic investments - Sadara, Dow Corning and the US. Gulf Coast projects - will deliver the next layers of integration
strength, earnings growth and cash ﬂow generation.
For the year ahead, Dow remains squarely focused on three priorities: achieving the financial and operating plan; closing the
DowDuPont transaction and driving quickly toward the intended spins; and capitalizing on the Company's strategic growth
projects. Dow will continue to deliver strong financial performance for its customers and shareholders.
OTHER MATTERS
Recent Accounting Guidance
See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of recent accounting guidance.
Critical Accounting Policies
The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in accordance with US. GAAP requires management to
make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and
accompanying notes. Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements describes the significant accounting policies and
methods used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Following are the Company’s critical accounting
policies impacted by judgments, assumptions and estimates:
Litigation
The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims arising out of the normal course of business including product
liability, patent infringement, employment matters, governmental tax and regulation disputes, contract and commercial
litigation, and other actions. The Company routinely assesses the legal and factual circumstances of each matter, the
likelihood of any adverse outcomes to these matters, as well as ranges of probable losses. A determination of the
amount of the reserves required, if any, for these contingencies is made after thoughtful analysis of each known claim.
Dow has an active risk management program consisting of numerous insurance policies secured from many carriers
covering various timeframes. These policies may provide coverage that could be utilized to minimize the financial
impact, if any, of certain contingencies. The required reserves may change in the future due to new developments in
each matter. For further discussion, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Asbestos-Related Matters of Union Carbide Corporation
Union Carbide is and has been involved in a large number of asbestos-related suits filed primarily in state courts
during the past four decades. These suits principally allege personal injury resulting from exposure to asbestos—
containing products and frequently seek both actual and punitive damages. The alleged claims primarily relate to
products that Union Carbide sold in the past, alleged exposure to asbestos-containing products located on Union
Carbide’s premises, and Union Carbide’s responsibility for asbestos suits filed against a former Union Carbide
subsidiary, Amchem Products, Inc. Each year, Ankura Consulting Group, LLC ("Ankura") (formerly known as
Analysis, Research and Planning Corporation prior to the March 2016 merger with Ankura) performs a review for
Union Carbide based upon historical asbestos claims, resolution and historical defense spending. Union Carbide
compares current asbestos claim, resolution and defense spending activity to the results of the most recent Ankura
study at each balance sheet date to determine whether the asbestos-related liability continues to be appropriate.
In 2016, the Company elected to change its method of accounting for Union Carbide's asbestos-related defense and
processing costs from expensing as incurred to estimating and accruing a liability. In addition to performing their
annual review of pending and future asbestos claim resolution activity, Ankura also performed a review of Union
Carbide's asbestos-related defense and processing costs to determine a reasonable estimate of future defense and
processing costs to be included in the asbestos-related liability, through the terminal year of 2049.
57