$104 million, included in "Asbestos-related charge" in the consolidated statements of income. At December 31, 2016, Union
Carbide's asbestos-related liability for pending and future claims was $486 million, and approximately 14 percent of the
recorded liability related to pending claims and approximately 86 percent related to future claims.
Estimating the Asbestos-Related Liability for Defense and Processing Costs
In September 2014, Union Carbide began to implement a strategy designed to reduce and to ultimately stabilize and forecast
defense costs associated with asbestos-related matters. The strategy included a number of important changes including:
invoicing protocols including capturing costs by plaintiff; review of existing counsel roles, work processes and workﬂow, and
the utilization of enterprise legal management software, which enabled claim-specific tracking of asbestos-related defense and
processing costs. Union Carbide reviewed the information generated from this new strategy and determined that it now had the
ability to reasonably estimate asbestos-related defense and processing costs for the same periods that it estimates its asbestos-
related liability for pending and future claims. Union Carbide believes that including estimates of the liability for asbestos—
related defense and processing costs provides a more complete assessment and measure of the liability associated with
resolving asbestos-related matters, which Union Carbide and the Company believe is preferable in these circumstances.
In October 2016, in addition to the study for asbestos claim and resolution activity, Union Carbide requested Ankura to review
asbestos—related defense and processing costs and provide an estimate of defense and processing costs associated with resolving
pending and future asbestos-related claims facing Union Carbide and Amchem for the same periods of time that Union Carbide
uses for estimating resolution costs. In December 2016, Ankura conducted the study and provided Union Carbide with an
estimate of future defense and processing costs for both a 15-year period and through the terminal year of 2049. The resulting
study estimated asbestos-related defense and processing costs for pending and future asbestos claims to be between
$1,009 million and $1,081 million through the terminal year of 2049.
In the fourth quarter of 2016, Union Carbide and the Company elected to change their method of accounting for asbestos-
related defense and processing costs from expensing as incurred to estimating and accruing a liability. This change is believed
to be preferable as asbestos-related defense and processing costs represent expenditures related to legacy activities that do not
contribute to current or future revenue generating activities of the Company. The change is also reﬂective of the manner in
which Union Carbide manages its asbestos-related exposure, including careful monitoring of the correlation between defense
spending and resolution costs. Together, these two sources of cost more accurately represent the “total cost” of resolving
asbestos-related claims now and in the future.
This accounting policy change has been reﬂected as a change in accounting estimate eﬁected by a change in accounting
principle. As a result of this accounting policy change and based on the December 2016 Ankura study of asbestos-related
defense and processing costs and Union Carbide's own review of the data, Union Carbide recorded a pretax charge for asbestos—
related defense and processing costs of $1,009 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, included in “Asbestos-related charge” in
the consolidated statements of income. Union Carbide’s total asbestos-related liability, including defense and processing costs,
was $1,490 million at December 31, 2016, and was included in “Accrued and other current liabilities” and “Asbestos-related
liabilities - noncurrent” in the consolidated balance sheets.
Insurance Receivables
Union Carbide has receivables for insurance recoveries related to its asbestos liability as well as receivables for defense and
resolution costs submitted to insurance carriers that have settlement agreements in place regarding their asbestos-related
insurance coverage. Union Carbide continues to believe that its recorded receivable for insurance recoveries from all insurance
carriers is probable of collection. At December 31, 2016, Union Carbide’s receivable for insurance recoveries related to its
asbestos liability and defense and resolution costs was $41 million ($61 million at December 31, 2015).
Summary
The Company’s management believes the amounts recorded by Union Carbide for the asbestos-related liability (including
defense and processing costs) reﬂect reasonable and probable estimates of the liability based upon current, known facts.
However, future events, such as the number of new claims to be filed and/or received each year and the average cost of
defending and disposing of each such claim, as well as the numerous uncertainties surrounding asbestos litigation in the United
States, could cause the actual costs for Union Carbide to be higher or lower than those projected or those recorded. Any such
events could result in an increase or decrease in the recorded liability.
114