to asbestos encapsulation as a result of planned demolition and remediation activities at manufacturing and administrative sites
primarily in the United States, Canada, Argentina and Europe. The aggregate carrying amount of conditional asset retirement
obligations recognized by the Company (included in the asset retirement obligations balance shown below) was $31 million at
December 31, 2016 ($33 million at December 31, 2015).
The following table shows changes in the aggregate carrying amount of the Company’s asset retirement obligations for the
years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015:
Asset Retirement Obligations 7
In millions 2016 2015 7
(Balance at January 1 $ 96 $ 841
Additional accruals (1) 17 8
|Liabilities settled (2) (§)Jl
Accretion expense 2 1
|Revisions in estimated cash ﬂows 5 17 ‘
,Other (1) (6),
[Balance at December 31 $ 110 $ 96
(1) Includes $14 million of asset retirement obligations from the DCC Transaction.
The discount rate used to calculate the Company’s asset retirement obligations at December 31, 2016, was 1.87 percent
(1.48 percent at December 31, 2015). These obligations are included in the consolidated balance sheets as "Accrued and other
current liabilities" and "Other noncurrent obligations."
The Company has not recognized conditional asset retirement obligations for which a fair value cannot be reasonably estimated
in its consolidated financial statements. Assets that have not been submitted/reviewed for potential demolition activities are
considered to have continued usefulness and are generally still operating normally. Therefore, without a plan to demolish the
assets or the expectation of a plan, such as shortening the useful life of assets for depreciation purposes in accordance with the
accounting guidance related to property, plant and equipment, the Company is unable to reasonably forecast a time frame to use
for present value calculations. As such, the Company has not recognized obligations for individual plants/buildings at its
manufacturing sites where estimates of potential settlement dates cannot be reasonably made. In addition, the Company has not
recognized conditional asset retirement obligations for the capping of its approximately 42 underground storage wells and
141 underground brine mining and other wells at Dow-owned sites when there are no plans or expectations of plans to exit the
sites. It is the opinion of the Company’s management that the possibility is remote that such conditional asset retirement
obligations, when estimable, will have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements based on current
costs.
NOTE 16 — TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
The Company sells trade accounts receivable of select North American entities and qualifying trade accounts receivable of
select European entities on a revolving basis to certain multi-seller commercial paper conduit entities ("conduits"). The
proceeds received are comprised of cash and interests in specified assets of the conduits (the receivables sold by the Company)
that entitle the Company to the residual cash ﬂows of such specified assets in the conduits after the commercial paper has been
repaid. Neither the conduits nor the investors in those entities have recourse to other assets of the Company in the event of
nonpayment by the debtors.
During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company recognized a loss of $20 million on the sale of these receivables
($15 million loss for the year ended December 31, 2015 and $16 million loss for the year ended December 31, 2014), which is
included in “Interest expense and amortization of debt discount” in the consolidated statements of income.
The Company's interests in the conduits are carried at fair value and included in “Accounts and notes receivable —- Other” in the
consolidated balance sheets. Fair value of the interests is determined by calculating the expected amount of cash to be received
and is based on unobservable inputs (a Level 3 measurement). The key input in the valuation is the percentage of anticipated
credit losses in the portfolio of receivables sold that have not yet been collected. Given the short-term nature of the underlying
receivables, discount rates and prepayments are not factors in determining the fair value of the interests.
121