bond yields) for each selected country to the separate expected cash ﬂow components of service cost and interest cost,
service cost and interest cost for all other plans (including all plans prior to adoption) are determined on the basis of
the single equivalent discount rates derived in determining those plan obligations. The Company changed to this
method to provide a more precise measure of interest and service costs for certain countries by improving the
correlation between projected benefit cash ﬂows and the discrete spot yield curves. The Company accounted for this
change as a change in accounting estimate and it was applied prospectively starting in 2016.
The Company expects pension expense to increase in 2017 by approximately $50 million. The increase in pension
expense is primarily due to pension plans assumed from Dow Corning and the impact of lower discount rates.
A 25 basis point increase or decrease in the long-term return on assets assumption would change the Company’s total
pension expense for 2017 by $53 million. A 25 basis point increase in the discount rate assumption would lower the
Company's total pension expense for 2017 by $58 million. A 25 basis point decrease in the discount rate assumption
would increase the Company's total pension expense for 2017 by $61 million. A 25 basis point change in the long-term
return and discount rate assumptions would have an immaterial impact on the other postretirement benefit expense for
20 17.
Income Taxes
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and
tax bases of assets and liabilities, applying enacted tax rates expected to be in eﬁect for the year in which the
differences are expected to reverse. Based on the evaluation of available evidence, both positive and negative, the
Company recognizes future tax benefits, such as net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards, to the
extent that realizing these benefits is considered to be more likely than not.
At December 31, 2016, the Company had a net deferred tax asset balance of $2,156 million, after valuation allowances
of $1,061 million.
In evaluating the ability to realize the deferred tax assets, the Company relies on, in order of increasing subjectivity,
taxable income in prior carryback years, the future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, tax planning
strategies and forecasted taxable income using historical and projected future operating results.
At December 31, 2016, the Company had deferred tax assets for tax loss and tax credit carryforwards of
$2,450 million, $205 million of which is subject to expiration in the years 2017-2021. In order to realize these deferred
tax assets for tax loss and tax credit carryforwards, the Company needs taxable income of approximately
$22,058 million across multiple jurisdictions. The taxable income needed to realize the deferred tax assets for tax loss
and tax credit carryforwards that are subject to expiration between 2017-2021 is approximately $3,222 million.
The Company recognizes the financial statement effects of an uncertain income tax position when it is more likely
than not, based on technical merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination. At December 31, 2016, the
Company had uncertain tax positions for both domestic and foreign issues of $231 million.
The Company accrues for non-income tax contingencies when it is probable that a liability to a taxing authority has
been incurred and the amount of the contingency can be reasonably estimated. At December 31, 2016, the Company
had a non-income tax contingency reserve for both domestic and foreign issues of $108 million.
For additional information, see Notes 1 and 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
6 l