beginning after December 15, 2017, and should be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-eﬁect
adjustment directly to retained earnings at the beginning period of adoption. Early adoption is permitted in the first interim
period of an annual reporting period for which financial statements have not been issued. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of adopting this guidance.
In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18, "Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash (a consensus of the
FASB Emerging Issues Task Force)", which clarifies how entities should present restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents
in the statement of cash ﬂows, and, as a result, entities will no longer present transfers between cash and cash equivalents and
restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. An entity with a material balance of restricted
cash and restricted cash equivalents must disclose information about the nature of the restrictions. The new standard is effective
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted
and the new guidance must be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of adopting this guidance.
In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 20 17-01, "Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a
Business," which provides guidance to entities to assist with evaluating when a set of transferred assets and activities
(collectively, the "set") is a business and provides a screen to determine when a set is not a business. Under the new guidance,
when substantially all of the fair value of gross assets acquired (or disposed of) is concentrated in a single identifiable asset, or
group of similar assets, the assets acquired would not represent a business. Also, to be considered a business, an acquisition
would have to include an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to produce outputs.
The new standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017,
and should be applied on a prospective basis to any transactions occurring within the period of adoption. Early adoption is
permitted for interim or annual periods in which the financial statements have not been issued. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance.
In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017—04, “Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for
Goodwill Impairment,” which eliminates the requirement to determine the fair value of individual assets and liabilities of a
reporting unit to measure goodwill impairment. Under the amendments in the new ASU, goodwill impairment testing will be
performed by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount and recognizing an impairment charge for
the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value. The new standard is eﬁective for annual and
interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15 , 2019, and should be applied on a prospective
basis. Early adoption is permitted for annual or interim goodwill impairment testing performed after January 1, 2017. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance.
NOTE 3 — RESTRUCTURING
2016 Restructuring
On June 27, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a restructuring plan that incorporates actions related to the
recent ownership restructure of Dow Corning Corporation ("Dow Corning”). These actions, aligned with Dow’s value growth
and synergy targets, will result in a global workforce reduction of approximately 2,500 positions, with most of these positions
resulting from synergies related to the Dow Corning transaction. These actions are expected to be substantially completed by
June 30, 2018.
As a result of these actions, the Company recorded pretax restructuring charges of $449 million in the second quarter of 20 16
consisting of severance charges of $268 million, asset write-downs and write-offs of $153 million and costs associated with exit
and disposal activities of $28 million. The impact of these charges is shown as "Restructuring charges (credits)” in the
consolidated statements of income and reﬂected in the Company's segment results in the table that follows. The table also
summarizes the activities related to the Company's 2016 restructuring reserve, which is included in "Accrued and other current
liabilities" and "Other noncurrent obligations" in the consolidated balance sheets.
8 l