2015 Fair Value Measurements on a Nonrecurring Basis
As part of the 2015 restructuring plan that was approved on April 29, 2015, the Company has or will shut down a number of
manufacturing facilities. The manufacturing assets and facilities associated with this plan, classified as Level 3 measurements,
were written down to $7 million using unobservable inputs, including assumptions a market participant would use to measure
the fair value of the group of assets. In addition, a change in the Company's strategy to monetize and eXit certain Venture
Capital portfolio investments resulted in the write-down of certain investments. These investments, also classified as Level 3
measurements, were valued at $17 million using unobservable inputs, including assumptions a market participant would use to
measure the fair value of the investment. These impairment charges, totaling $169 million, are included in "Restructuring
charges (credits)” in the consolidated statements of income.
As a result of the Company’s continued actions to optimize its footprint, the Company recognized an impairment charge of
$144 million in the fourth quarter of 2015, related to manufacturing assets and facilities and an equity method investment.
These assets, classified as Level 3 measurements, were written down to zero. The impairment charges were included in "Cost of
sales" ($91 million) and "Sundry income (expense) - net" ($53 million) in the consolidated statements of income and reﬂected
in Infrastructure Solutions ($87 million) and Performance Plastics ($57 million).
2014 Fair Value Measurements on a Nonrecurring Basis
As a result of weakening demand for certain optical and ceramic technologies, the Company recognized a $73 million asset
impairment charge in the fourth quarter of 20 14 in the Dow Electronic Materials business. The charge was included in "Cost of
sales" ($23 million) and "Goodwill and other intangible asset impairment losses" ($50 million) in the consolidated statements of
income and reﬂected in Consumer Solutions. The assets, classified as Level 3 measurements, were written down to $4 million
based on a valuation using unobservable inputs, including assumptions a market participant would use to measure the fair value
of the group of assets, which included projected cash ﬂows.
107