to that request, the consultant reviewed and analyzed data through June 30, 2016, and updated its estimate of the Implant
Liability to $263 million, primarily reﬂecting a decrease in Class 7 costs (claimants who have breast implants made by certain
other manufacturers using primarily Dow Corning silicone gel), a decrease resulting from the passage of time (claims forecast
as future claims in 2014 had, by 2016, been filed and resolved), decreased claim filing activity and administrative costs
compared with the 2014 Estimate, and an increase in investment income resulting from insurance proceeds. In December 2016,
based on the consultant's updated estimate and Dow Corning's own review of claim filing activity, Dow Corning determined
that an adjustment to the Implant Liability was required. Accordingly, Dow Corning decreased its Implant Liability by
$27 million, which is included in "Sundry income (expense) - net" in the consolidated statements of income. At December 31,
2016, the Implant Liability was $263 million, which is included in "Other noncurrent obligations" in the consolidated balance
sheets.
Dow Corning is not aware of circumstances that would change the factors used in estimating the Implant Liability and believes
the recorded Implant Liability reﬂects the best estimate of the remaining funding obligations under the Plan; however, the
estimate relies upon a number of significant assumptions, including:
- Future claim filing levels in the Settlement Facility will be similar to the RSP;
- Future acceptance rates, disease mix, and payment values will be materially consistent with historical experience;
- No material negative outcomes in future controversies or disputes over Plan interpretation will occur; and
- The Plan will not be modified.
If actual outcomes related to any of these assumptions prove to be materially different, the future liability to fund the Plan may
be materially different than the amount estimated. If Dow Corning was ultimately required to fund the full liability up to the
maximum capped value, the liability would be $1,867 million at December 31, 2016.
Commercial Creditor Issues
The Plan provides that each of Dow Corning’s commercial creditors (the “Commercial Creditors”) would receive in cash the
sum of (a) an amount equal to the principal amount of their claims and (b) interest on such claims. The actual amount of interest
that will ultimately be paid to these Commercial Creditors is uncertain due to pending litigation between Dow Corning and the
Commercial Creditors regarding the appropriate interest rates to be applied to outstanding obligations from the 1995
bankruptcy filing date through the Effective Date, as well as the presence of any recoverable fees, costs, and expenses.
In 2006, the US. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit concluded that there is a general presumption that contractually
specified default interest should be paid by a solvent debtor to unsecured creditors (the “Interest Rate Presumption”) and
permitting Dow Corning’s Commercial Creditors to recover fees, costs, and expenses where allowed by relevant loan
agreements and state law. The matter was remanded to the US. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan ("District
Court") for further proceedings, including rulings on the facts surrounding specific claims and consideration of any equitable
factors that would preclude the application of the Interest Rate Presumption.
Upon the Plan becoming effective, Dow Corning paid approximately $1,500 million to the Commercial Creditors, representing
principal and an amount of interest that Dow Corning considers undisputed. At December 31, 2016, Dow Corning has
estimated its remaining liability to the Commercial Creditors to be within a range of $108 million to $356 million. However, no
single amount within the range appears to be a better estimate than any other amount within the range. Therefore, Dow Corning
recorded the minimum liability within the range. At December 31, 2016, the liability related to Dow Corning’s potential
obligation to pay additional interest to its Commercial Creditors in the Chapter 11 Proceeding was $108 million and included in
"Accrued and other current liabilities" in the consolidated balance sheets. The actual amount of interest that will be paid to
these creditors is uncertain and will ultimately be resolved through continued proceedings in the District Court.
Indemm'ﬁcatz'ons
In connection with the DCC Transaction discussed in Note 4, the Company is indemnified for 50 percent of future losses
associated with certain pre-closing liabilities, including the Implant Liability and Commercial Creditors matters described
above, subject to certain conditions and limits. The maximum amount of indemnified losses which may be recovered are
subject to a cap that declines over time. Indemnified losses are capped at (1) $1.5 billion until May 31, 2018, (2) $1 billion
between May 31, 2018 and May 31, 2023, and (3) no recoveries are permitted after May 31, 2023. No indemnification assets
were recorded at December 31, 2016.
Summary
The amounts recorded by Dow Corning for the Chapter 11 related matters described above were based upon current, known
facts, which management believes reﬂect reasonable and probable estimates of the liability. However, future events could cause
1 18