earnings and non-deductible costs associated with transactions and productivity actions unfavorably impacted the tax rate.
These factors resulted in an effective tax rate of 0.2 percent for 2016.
The tax rate for 2015 was favorably impacted by portfolio actions, specifically the tax-eﬁicient split-off of the Company's
chlorine value chain, the non-taxable gain from the Univation step acquisition, and the sale of MEGlobal. The geographic mix
of earnings favorably impacted the tax rate with the gain from the ANGUS Chemical Company divestiture and continued
profitability improvement in Europe and Asia Pacific providing most of the benefit. The tax rate was unfavorably impacted by
foreign subsidiaries repatriating cash to the United States which was primarily derived from divestiture proceeds. Reduced
equity earnings and continued increases in statutory income in Latin America and Canada due to local currency devaluations
also unfavorably impacted the tax rate. These factors resulted in an effective tax rate of 2 1 .6 percent for 2015.
The tax rate for 2014 was favorably impacted by the geographic mix of earnings, with the most notable components being
improved profitability in Europe and Asia Pacific. Equity earnings were strong, providing additional favorable impact on the
tax rate. The tax rate was also favorably impacted by a reduction in the tax impact on remittances by foreign subsidiaries to the
United States. The tax rate was unfavorably impacted by a continued increase in statutory income in Latin America due to local
currency devaluations, and increases in valuation allowances, primarily in Asia Pacific. These factors resulted in an effective
tax rate of 27.1 percent for 2014.
Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was $86 million in 2016, $98 million in 2015 and $67 million in 2014. Net
income attributable to noncontrolling interests decreased in 2016 compared with 2015, primarily due to losses incurred by a
cogeneration facility in Brazil, which more than offset earnings from Dow Corning's consolidated joint ventures. Net income
attributable to noncontrolling interests increased in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily due to higher earnings at most of the
Company's consolidated joint ventures which was partially offset by an after-tax loss related to the exercise of an equity option
by a noncontrolling interest in a variable interest entity. In addition to the items previously discussed, 2015 was also impacted
by noncontrolling interests' portion of the 2015 restructuring charge. See Notes 3, 20 and 25 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information on these matters.
Preferred Stock Dividends
Preferred Stock dividends of $340 million were recognized in 2016, 2015 and 2014. The final Preferred Stock dividend was
paid on December 30, 2016. See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Net Income Available for Common Stockholders
Net income available for common stockholders was $3,978 million ($3.52 per share) in 2016, compared with $7,345 million
($6.15 per share) in 2015 and $3,432 million ($2.87 per share) in 2014.
Certain Items Impacting Results
The Company provides certain financial measures - Income before income taxes, Net income and Earnings per share -
excluding the impact of certain items ("non-GAAP" financial measures). Due to the nature of these certain items, they do not
reﬂect the ongoing operating performance of the Company. Accordingly, Dow's management believes presenting financial
measures excluding certain items is useful for investors as it provides financial information on a more comparative basis for the
periods presented. Non-GAAP financial measures are not recognized in accordance with principles generally accepted in the
United State of America ("US GAAP") and should not be viewed as an alternative to US. GAAP financial measures of
performance. In addition, these measures are not intended to replace US. GAAP measures.
38