\v+.:.r"'“'7?’rs:/ I
' . at, . ‘ij‘l'ifﬁ
T W33 j
“ r l 5......” 'J';
Not only have we performed on the bottom line, we )J
continue to parallel this performance With the del/very
ofsome truly game—changing projects.”
7 7 7 7 7 7 .,.*,z, . r /A_7,,,,,z,1;;,,,,7,,,,1L, ,,,,,,,_ j
The tectonic shift in Dow’s portfolio was deliberate and executed at scale. This focused and unwavering effort, aligned to the
business model that was reviewed and reaffirmed in 2013 by your management team and Board, was to build a Company that
delivers value and results and sheds dependency on commodity and industry cycles.
And our success is evident, notjust this quarter, notjust this year, but for the last four years since that review. Our portfolio is
now 60 percent driven by consumer-led markets. We’ve delivered compound annual operating EBITDA growth of '7 percent,
and have seen our average operating margin improve '700 basis points over that time frame. We’ve grown operating EPS at an
18 percent compound annual rate, nearly double our 10 percent target. We have achieved more than $2.7 billion of realized
and run-rate cost reductions overthese past four years, all while investing for growth. We have returned more than $16 billion to our
owners. And our Total Shareholder Return has consistently outperformed the S&P 500 and the S&P Chemicals Index
these last four years.
Dow as an enterprise is in great shape. We are heading in the right direction. And of course, our seminal portfolio move
announced in late 2015 was the merge-and-spin transaction with DuPont. This move will extract enormous value for our owners,
and allow both enterprises to drive even further superior performance into the future.
In 2016, we made significant progress on all fronts. We obtained overwhelming shareholder support, made progress with the
regulatory clearances needed to close the merger, accelerated preparations for the intended spins, and advanced our readiness
plan to ensure we will be fully functional on Day 1 of the anticipated close of the transaction, so that we achieve the cost synergy
targets of $3 billion per annum as afloor.
We expect to complete the intended spins within about 18 months after transaction close, resulting in three focused,
industry-leading companies — including the new Dow, the world’s leading material science company. Each new company will be
better positioned to reinvest in science and innovation, solve customers’ ever-evolving challenges and generate long-term returns
for our shareholders.
The last many years continue to demonstrate one unwavering new reality. The world will continue to see major disruptive forces
at the intersection of business, government and civil society, especially in the digital age.
Your Company has and will continue to navigate these forces. We have developed an incredible can-do reputation. We have a
seat at the table on all major policy discussions affecting our industry and our Company in all major geographies.
We have as our foundation our values. We know that looking after all stakeholders, doing well and doing good, is now
the entry ticket to earn the right to operate. We understand that a diverse and inclusive society is mandatory to enable markets to
develop and for all people to improve their quality of life. Our commitment to ethical and responsible standards, to sustainability per
our 2025 goals, to safety, which is in our DNA, to being a citizen in all of our communities, is unwavering.
As a reminder of what matters most, we are sobered by the loss of four colleagues in 201 6. These friends and colleagues are
no longer with us, and serve as a reminderto what matters the most... our people, and keeping everybody safe. I’m proud of our
people’s response to these tragedies, to ensure they never happen again.
Our Company has a North Star, a winning strategy of integration and innovation, a winning portfolio and a winning
team. We will remain relentlessly focused on our priorities: safely delivering the operating and financial plan; successfully closing
the DowDuPont transaction and moving quickly to prep forthe intended spins; and capitalizing on our growth investments.
We are at aturning point in Dow’s history — a reinvention of this 120-year—young enterprise, strategically positioned to
successfully navigate the new horizons ahead. We are committed to doing what every prior generation of Dow leaders has done
— to focus on transforming ourselves to lead in a new era of business and technology, in orderto remain relevant — and essential —
to our customers, our shareholders and to society.
I am excited and confident about the future. We exited 2016 with strong momentum, and this bodes well for 2017.
I am privileged and humbled to be the leader of this extraordinary Dow team and the work they have done to bring us here.
And I am grateful to you, our shareholders, for your ongoing and steadfast support.
Andrew N. Liveris
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
February 9, 2017 2016 Annual Report 3