for Dow's light-weighting technologies used at original equipment manufacturers as well as solid demand for sound-dampening
solutions. Dow Electronic Materials reported increased volume in Asia Pacific, driven by chemical mechanical planarization
pads used in semiconductor manufacturing along with new demand for organic light-emitting diodes used in mobile phone
displays. Price declined in all businesses and all geographic areas. Competitive pricing pressures for home care products drove
price declines in Consumer Care. Price declined in Dow Automotive Systems in response to lower raw material costs. Price
declined in Dow Electronic Materials, primarily in Display Technologies, due to continued competitive pricing pressures.
EBITDA for 2016 was $2,828 million, up from $1,048 million in 2015. EBITDA for 2016 was impacted by a gain of
$1,301 million on the DCC Transaction, a $27 million benefit related to a decrease in Dow Corning's implant liability,
$28 million of 20 16 restructuring charges, a loss of $147 million associated with the fair value step-up in inventories assumed
in the DCC Transaction, a loss of $8 million related to the early redemption of debt incurred by Dow Corning, and a $1 million
unfavorable adjustment related to the Company’s 2015 restructuring program. EBITDA for 2015 was impacted by $67 million
of restructuring charges and an $8 million gain related to Dow Corning’s adjustment of its implant liability. See Notes 3, 4, 9
and 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these certain items. Excluding these certain
items, EBITDA increased in 2016 as earnings from Consumer Solutions - Silicones, higher sales volume, lower feedstock,
energy and other raw material costs and higher equity earnings from the HSC Group more than offset the impact of lower
selling prices.
2015 Versus 2014
Consumer Solutions sales were $4,379 million in 2015, down from $4,639 million in 2014. Sales decreased 6 percent from
2014, with volume up 1 percent and price down 7 percent (with more than 60 percent of the price decline due to the
unfavorable impact of currency). Volume increases in North America and EMEAI were partially offset by decreases in Asia
Pacific and Latin America. Consumer Care volume increased as higher demand in the personal care market sector and for
cellulosics used in pharmaceutical applications more than offset lower demand in the home care market sector and for
cellulosics used in industrial applications, which declined ahead of a plant closure in Institute, West Virginia. Dow Automotive
Systems reported volume growth in both businesses and in all geographic areas, except Latin America, as customer demand for
light-weighting technologies and lower oil prices drove automotive industry growth, most notably in North America and
Europe. Dow Electronic Materials volume decreased slightly due to weakened demand for Interconnect Technologies and
Display Technologies which more than offset healthy demand in Semiconductor Technologies resulting from strong silicon
wafer growth in mobile device applications, notably in Asia Pacific, and Growth Technologies. Price declined in all businesses
and all geographic areas. Price declined in Consumer Care and Dow Automotive Systems due to continued competitive pricing
and the unfavorable impact of currency in EMEAI. Price declined in Dow Electronic Materials due to continued competitive
pricing and the unfavorable impact of currency, primarily the Japanese yen.
EBITDA for 2015 was $1,048 million, down from $1,130 million in 2014. EBITDA for 2015 was negatively impacted by
$59 million of certain items, as previously discussed. EBITDA for 2014 was impacted by a $155 million gain related to Dow
Corning's adjustment of its implant liability and a $73 million charge related to asset impairments in Dow Electronic Materials.
See Notes 3, 9, 10 and 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these items. Excluding these
certain items, EBITDA increased in 2015 as lower feedstock, energy and other raw material costs, the favorable impact of
currency on costs, lower operating expenses and higher sales volume more than oﬁset lower selling prices and decreased equity
earnings from Dow Corning.
Consumer Solutions Outlook for 2017
Consumer Solutions expects continued sales growth in 2017. The segment will benefit from a full year of sales from Consumer
Solutions - Silicones, which expects sales growth in the automotive, beauty care and health care end markets. Sales are
expected to increase in Consumer Care due to volume growth from share gains in home and personal care end markets and
strong demand for cellulosics used in food and pharmaceutical applications while price is expected to be ﬂat to slightly
improved from 2016 levels. Dow Automotive Systems expects continued strong demand for light-weighting technologies and
volume growth from the commercialization of new technologies, including VORAFORCETM and VORAFUSETM composite
systems, while price is expected to follow raw material prices. Dow Electronic Materials expects sales growth from new
product introductions and continued strong demand for Dow technologies used in smartphones, printed circuit boards and
mobile phone displays while price is expected to remain ﬂat to slightly lower than 2016.
43