iAgroFresh Assets and Liabilities Divested on July 31, 2015 7
In millions 7
[Current assets $ 40
Inventories 1 8
lNet pmperty 5 l
Goodwill 101
|Other intangible assets 82 ‘
Deferred charges and other assets 1 7
[Total assets divested $ 247
Current liabilities $ 8
[Other noncurrent obligations 4
Total liabilities divested $ 12 7
[Net carrying value divested $ 235
In the fourth quarter of 2016, as a result of a decline in the market value of AF SI, the Company recognized a $143 million
pretax impairment charge related to its equity interest in AFSI. The Company also recognized a pretax loss of $20 million for
post-closing adjustments related to non-cash consideration. The impairment charge and the post-closing adjustment are both
included in "Sundry income (expense) - net" in the consolidated statements of income and reﬂected in the Agricultural Sciences
segment. At December 31, 2016, the Company has yet to receive the warrants. See Notes 9, 12 and 20 for further information
on the Company ’s equity interest and variable interests in AFSI.
The Company evaluated the divestitures of SBH, ANGUS and AgroFresh and determined they did not represent a strategic shift
that had a major effect on the Company’s operations and financial results and did not qualify as individually significant
components of the Company. As a result, these divestitures were not reported as discontinued operations.
Divestiture of Investment in MEGlobal
On December 23, 2015, the Company completed the sale of its ownership interest in MEGlobal, a nonconsolidated aﬂiliate, to
EQUATE Petrochemical Company K.S.C. ("EQUATE"). The Company received pretax proceeds of $1,472 million, net of
costs to sell and other transaction expenses. The Company eliminated 42.5 percent of the gain on the sale (equivalent to Dow's
ownership interest in EQUATE), or $555 million. In 2015, the Company recorded a pretax gain of $723 million on the sale,
which is included in “Sundry income (expense) — net” in the consolidated statements of income and reﬂected in Performance
Materials & Chemicals. The Company recognized an after-tax gain of $589 million on the sale. See Note 9 for further
information on the Company’s equity interest in EQUATE.
Divestiture of Polypropylene Licensing and Catalysts Business
On December 2, 2013, the Company sold its global Polypropylene Licensing and Catalysts business to W. R. Grace & Co.
Post-closing adjustments were finalized in the fourth quarter of 2014 and the Company recorded a pretax gain of $5 million
($3 million after tax) for the post-closing adjustments. The gain was included in "Sundry income (expense) - net" in the
consolidated statements of income and reﬂected in Performance Plastics.
NOTE 6 — REVERSE MORRIS TRUST TRANSACTION
On October 5, 2015, (i) the Company completed the transfer of its US. Gulf Coast Chlor—Alkali and Vinyl, Global Chlorinated
Organics and Global Epoxy businesses ("chlorine value chain") into a new company ("Splitco"), (ii) participating Dow
shareholders tendered, and the Company accepted, Dow shares for Splitco shares in a public exchange oﬂer, and (iii) Splitco
merged with a wholly owned subsidiary of Olin Corporation ("Olin") in a tax-efficient Reverse Morris Trust transaction
(collectively, the “Transaction”). The Transaction was subject to Olin shareholder approval, customary regulatory approvals,
tax authority rulings including a favorable private letter ruling from the US. Internal Revenue Service which confirms the
Transaction to be substantially free of US. federal income tax, and expiration of the public exchange offer. Dow does not have
an ownership interest in Olin as a result of the Transaction.
Under the terms of a debt exchange offer, Dow received $1,220 million principal amount of new debt instruments from Splitco,
which were subsequently transferred to certain investment banks in a non-cash fair value exchange for $1,154 million principal
amount of the Company’s outstanding debt instruments owned by such investment banks. As a result of this debt exchange
offer and related transactions, the Company retired $1,161 million of certain notes and recognized a $68 million loss on the
early extinguishment of debt, included in "Sundry income (expense) - net" in the consolidated statements of income as a
89