NOTE 2 — RECENT ACCOUNTING GUIDANCE
Recently Adopted Accounting Guidance
In the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company adopted ASU 2015-03, "Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30):
Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs," which requires debt issuance costs to be presented in the balance sheet as
a direct deduction from the carrying value of the associated debt liability, and amortization of those costs should be reported as
interest expense. This ASU was effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15 , 2015, and early adoption
was permitted for financial statements that had not been previously issued. The new guidance required retrospective application
for each period presented in the balance sheet. This change is reﬂected in "Other current assets," "Deferred charges and other
assets," "Long-term debt due within one year" and "Long-Term Debt" in the consolidated balance sheets on a retrospective
basis and did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
In the first quarter 0f2016, the Company early adopted ASU 2015-17, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet
Classification of Deferred Taxes," which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes by requiring that deferred tax
liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. This ASU was effective for
financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual
periods, and may be applied prospectively or retrospectively, and early adoption was permitted. The change is reﬂected in
"Deferred income tax assets" and "Deferred income tax liabilities" in the consolidated balance sheets on a retrospective basis
and did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. See Note 1 for additional information.
Accounting Guidance Issued But Not Adopted as of December 31, 2016
In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606)," which is the new comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will supersede all existing revenue
recognition guidance under US. GAAP. The standard's core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it
transfers promised goods or services to a customer in an amount that reﬂects the consideration to which the company expects to
be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2015-14, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):
Deferral of the Eﬂective Date," which was issued in August 2015, revised the effective date for this ASU to annual and interim
periods beginning on or after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted, but not earlier than the original eﬂective date
of annual and interim periods beginning on or after December 15, 2016, for public entities. Entities will have the option of
using either a full retrospective approach or a modified approach to adopt the guidance in ASU 2014-09.
In May 2014, the FASB and International Accounting Standards Board formed The Joint Transition Resource Group for
Revenue Recognition ("TRG"), consisting of financial statement preparers, auditors and users, to seek feedback on potential
issues related to the implementation of the new revenue standard. As a result of feedback from the TRG, the FASB has issued
additional guidance to provide clarification, implementation guidance and practical expedients to address some of the
challenges of implementation. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)," which is an amendment on
assessing whether an entity is a principal or an agent in a revenue transaction. This amendment addresses issues to clarify the
principal versus agent assessment and lead to more consistent application. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,
"Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing," which contains
amendments to the new revenue recognition standard on identifying performance obligations and accounting for licenses of
intellectual property. The amendments related to identifying performance obligations clarify when a promised good or service
is separately identifiable and allows entities to disregard items that are immaterial in the context of a contract. The licensing
implementation amendments clarify how an entity should evaluate the nature of its promise in granting a license of intellectual
property, which will determine whether revenue is recognized over time or at a point in time. In May 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-12, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients,"
which provides clarity and implementation guidance on assessing collectibility, presentation of sales taxes, noncash
consideration, and completed contracts and contract modifications at transition. The new standards have the same effective date
and transition requirements as ASU 2014-09.
The Company has a team in place to analyze the impact ofASU 2014-09, and the related ASU's, across all revenue streams to
evaluate the impact of the new standard on revenue contracts. This includes reviewing current accounting policies and practices
to identify potential diﬂerences that would result from applying the requirements under the new standard. In 2016, the
Company made significant progress on contract reviews and expects to complete the contract evaluations and validate results
by the end of the first quarter of 2017. The Company has also started drafting its accounting policies and evaluating the new
disclosure requirements and expects to complete its evaluations of the impacts of the accounting and disclosure requirements
on its business processes, controls and systems by the end of the second quarter of 2017. Full implementation will be
completed by the end of 2017. Based on analysis completed to date, the Company expects the potential impact on accounting
for product sales and licensing arrangements to remain substantially unchanged. The Company expects to adopt the new
79