Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. The method of determining cost for each subsidiary varies among last-in,
first-out (“LIFO”); first-in, first-out (“FIFO”); and average cost, and is used consistently from year to year.
The Company routinely exchanges and swaps raw materials and finished goods with other companies to reduce delivery time,
freight and other transportation costs. These transactions are treated as non-monetary exchanges and are valued at cost.
Property
Land, buildings and equipment, including property under capital lease agreements, are carried at cost less accumulated
depreciation. Depreciation is based on the estimated service lives of depreciable assets and is calculated using the straight-line
method, unless the asset was capitalized before 1997 when the declining balance method was used. Fully depreciated assets are
retained in property and accumulated depreciation accounts until they are removed from service. In the case of disposals, assets
and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and the net amounts, less proceeds from disposal, are
included in income.
Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
The Company evaluates long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When undiscounted future cash ﬂows
are not expected to be sufficient to recover an asset’s carrying amount, the asset is written down to its fair value based on bids
received from third parties or a discounted cash ﬂow analysis based on market participant assumptions.
Long-lived assets to be disposed of by sale, if material, are classified as held for sale and reported at the lower of carrying
amount or fair value less cost to sell, and depreciation is ceased. Long-lived assets to be disposed of other than by sale are
classified as held and used until they are disposed of and reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value, and
depreciation is recognized over the remaining useful life of the assets.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
The Company records goodwill when the purchase price of a business combination exceeds the estimated fair value of net
identified tangible and intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level annually, or more
frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of a reporting unit has more likely than not
declined below its carrying value. When testing goodwill for impairment, the Company may first assess qualitative factors. If
an initial qualitative assessment identifies that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its
estimated fair value, additional quantitative testing is performed. The Company may also elect to skip the qualitative testing
and proceed directly to the quantitative testing. If the quantitative testing indicates that goodwill is impaired, the carrying value
of goodwill is written down to fair value. The Company primarily utilizes a discounted cash ﬂow methodology to calculate the
fair value of its reporting units. See Note 10 for further information on goodwill.
Finite-lived intangible assets such as purchased customer lists, licenses, intellectual property, patents, trademarks and software,
are amortized over their estimated useful lives, generally on a straight-line basis for periods ranging primarily from three to
twenty years. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment or obsolescence annually, or more frequently when events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an intangible asset may not be recoverable. If impaired,
intangible assets are written down to fair value based on discounted cash ﬂows.
Asset Retirement Obligations
The Company records asset retirement obligations as incurred and reasonably estimable, including obligations for which the
timing and/or method of settlement are conditional on a future event that may or may not be within the control of the Company.
The fair values of obligations are recorded as liabilities on a discounted basis and are accreted over time for the change in
present value. Costs associated with the liabilities are capitalized and amortized over the estimated remaining useful life of the
asset, generally for periods of 10 years or less.
Investments
Investments in debt and marketable equity securities (including warrants), primarily held by the Company’s insurance
operations, are classified as trading, available-for—sale or held-to-maturity. Investments classified as trading are reported at fair
value with unrealized gains and losses related to mark-to-market adjustments included in income. Those classified as available-
for-sale are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses recorded in AOCL. Those classified as held-to-maturity are
recorded at amortized cost. The cost of investments sold is determined by FIFO or specific identification. The Company
routinely reviews available-for—sale and held-to-maturity securities for other-than-temporary declines in fair value below the
cost basis. When events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable, the security
is written down to fair value, establishing a new cost basis.
77