Joint Ventures
Joint ventures play an integral role within the Performance Plastics segment by dampening earnings cyclicality and improving
earnings growth. Principal joint ventures impacting Performance Plastics are listed below:
Aligned 100 percent with Performance Plastics:
- The Kuwait Styrene Company K.S.C. - a Kuwait-based company that manufactures styrene monomer; owned
42.5 percent by the Company.
- The SCG-Dow Group consists of Siam Polyethylene Company Limited; Siam Polystyrene Company Limited;
Siam Styrene Monomer Co., Ltd; and Siam Synthetic Latex Company Limited. These Thailand-based companies
manufacture polyethylene, polystyrene, styrene and latex; owned 50 percent by the Company.
Performance Plastics includes a portion of the results of:
- EQUATE - a Kuwait-based company that manufactures ethylene, polyethylene and ethylene glycol; and
manufactures and markets monoethylene glycol, diethylene glycol and polyethylene terephthalate resins; owned
42.5 percent by the Company.
- The Kuwait Olefins Company K.S.C. - a Kuwait-based company that manufactures ethylene and ethylene glycol;
owned 42.5 percent by the Company.
- Map Ta Phut Olefins Company Limited - effective ownership is 32.77 percent of which the Company directly
owns 20.27 percent (aligned with Performance Materials & Chemicals) and indirectly owns 12.5 percent through
its equity interest in Siam Polyethylene Company Limited and Siam Synthetic Latex Company Limited (both part
of The SCG-Dow Group and aligned with Performance Plastics). This Thailand-based company manufactures
propylene and ethylene.
° Sadara Chemical Company - a Saudi Arabian company that currently manufactures chlorine, ethylene and
propylene for internal consumption and manufactures and sells polyethylene; will produce and sell high—value
added chemical products and other performance plastics when fully operational; owned 35 percent by the
Company.
On May 5, 2015, Univation Technologies, LLC, previously a 50:50 joint venture between Dow and ExxonMobil Chemical
Company, became a wholly owned subsidiary of Dow. See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information on this transaction.
Current and Future Investments
The Company has a number of investments in the US. Gulf Coast to take advantage of increasing supplies of low-cost natural
gas and natural gas liquids derived from shale gas including: construction of a new on-purpose propylene production facility,
which commenced operations in December 2015; completion of a major maintenance turnaround in December 2016 at an
ethylene production facility in Plaquemine, Louisiana, which included expanding the facility's ethylene production capacity by
up to 250 kilotonnes per annum ("KTA") and modifications to enable full ethane cracking ﬂexibility; and construction of a new
world-scale ethylene production facility in Freeport, Texas, which is expected to start up in mid-2017. As a result of these
investments, the Company's exposure to purchased ethylene and propylene is expected to decline, offset by increased exposure
to ethane and propane feedstocks. Dow’s ethylene production capabilities are expected to increase by as much as 20 percent.
In 2016, the Company completed an expansion of a gas-phase polyethylene production facility in Seadrift, Texas. Expansion
projects are also currently underway at two of the Company's gas-phase polyethylene units in St. Charles, Louisiana, with
expected start-up in mid-2018. The Company is also building four new production facilities on the US. Gulf Coast to leverage
an advantaged feedstock position to support profitable growth of the Company's high value Performance Plastics franchise
which includes an ELITETM Polymer production facility, a Low Density Polyethylene (LDPE) production facility and a
NORDELTM Metallocene EPDM production facility, which are all expected to start up in 2017, and a High Melt Index (HMI)
AFFINITYTM Polymer production facility, which is expected to start up in the second half of 20 1 8.
CORPORATE
Corporate includes certain enterprise and governance activities (including insurance operations, geographic management, risk
management such as foreign currency hedging activities, audit fees, donations, etc.); the results of Ventures (including business
incubation platforms and non-business aligned joint ventures); environmental operations; gains and losses on the sales of
financial assets; severance costs; non-business aligned litigation expenses (including asbestos-related defense and processing
costs and reserve adjustments); and, foreign exchange results.
15