On December 30, 2016, the Company converted 4 million shares of the Company's Cumulative Convertible Perpetual Preferred
Stock, Series A ("Preferred Stock") into 96.8 million shares of the Company's common stock. As a result of this conversion, the
annual Preferred Stock dividend of $340 million will be eliminated.
Other notable events and highlights from 2016 include:
° On March 7, 2016, the Company announced its new, on-purpose propylene production facility in Freeport, Texas,
successfully completed the performance test, certifying that the 750 kilotonnes per annum ("KTA") unit is capable of
operating at full operating capacity.
° On June 1, 2016, the Company announced the closing of the transaction to restructure the ownership of Dow Corning, a
former 50:50 joint venture. As a result, Dow is now the 100 percent owner of Dow Corning's silicones business.
° On June 9, 2016, DowDuPont's registration statement filed with the US. Securities and Exchange Commission on Form
S-4 (File No. 333-209869), as amended, was declared effective. The registration statement was filed in connection with the
proposed merger with E. I. du Pont de Nemours & Company ("DuPont") and includes a joint proxy statement of Dow and
DuPont and a prospectus of DowDuPont.
- In connection with the planned merger of equals transaction with DuPont, Dow held a special meeting of stockholders on
July 20, 2016. Stockholders of the Company voted to approve all stockholder proposals necessary to complete the merger
of equals transaction.
° On August 29, 2016, the Company announced that its joint venture in the Middle East - Sadara - achieved a significant
milestone with the successful start-up of its mixed feed cracker and a third polyethylene train, which added to the two
polyethylene trains already in operation.
° On December 9, 2016, the Company announced that it will invest in a new, state-of-the-art innovation center in Midland,
Michigan, which will support approximately 200 research and development jobs in Michigan, including 100 newly created
jobs while repatriating 100 jobs from other Dow facilities throughout the globe to Midland.
- Dow launched two additional Pack Studios in 2016 - the opening of Pack Studios Singapore, the second Pack Studios
center for Asia Pacific, and Pack Studios Ringwood, located in North America and focused on laminating adhesives.
- Dow completed expansions of its Louisiana ethylene and Seadrift, Texas, gas-phase polyethylene production facilities,
delivering further integration strength to complement the Company's market-focused downstream investments.
0 Dow was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index - marking the 16th time the Company has been named to
this global benchmark.
- Dow received seven R&D 100 Awards from R&D Magazine for revolutionary technologies including: BETAFORCETM
2817 Structural Adhesive, two awards for CANVERATM Polyolefin Dispersions, Dow Corning® TC-3040 Thermal Gel,
Flexible Acrylic Resin, PARADIGMTM WG Herbicide with ARYLEXTM Active and DOW AGILITYTM Performance
LDPE.
- Dow received two 2016 Sustainability Awards from the Business Intelligence Group including the Sustainability Initiative
of the Year Award for RETAINTM Polymer Modifiers and the Sustainability Product of the Year Award for CANVERATM
Polyolefin Dispersions.
- Dow AgroSciences LLC was the recipient of a Presidential Green Chemistry Challenge Award from the US.
Environmental Protection Agency for INSTINCT® Nitrogen Stabilizer.
- Dow was recognized in the Top 10 Best Companies for Leaders by Chief Executive magazine.
0 Dow was named to the 2016 Working Mother 100 Best Companies list, marking the 12th time Dow has received this
prestigious recognition.
0 Dow was named to Forbes Just 100: America's Best Corporation Citizens in 2016 list - recognizing the Company's
strategic vision and actions to deliver long-term value to society as a whole while earning the right to operate.
32