0 A Consumer Care manufacturing facility in Institute, West Virginia, was shut down in the fourth quarter of 2015. As a
result, an asset write-down of $14 million was recorded against the Consumer Solutions segment.
0 A Dow Packaging and Specialty Plastics plant in Schkopau, Germany, was permanently shut down in the second
quarter of 2015, resulting in an asset write-off of $12 million against the Performance Plastics segment.
° Select operations in Agricultural Sciences were shut down, closed or idled in the second half of 2015, resulting in a
pretax charge of $8 million for the write-down of assets. In the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company recorded an
additional charge of $1 million related to the impairment of long-lived assets and other assets.
0 A decision was made to shut down two small manufacturing facilities and an administrative facility to optimize the
Company's asset footprint. Write-downs of $14 million were recorded impacting Infrastructure Solutions ($10 million)
and Corporate ($4 million). The manufacturing facilities were shut down in 2015 and the administrative facility will be
shut down no later than the second quarter of 2017. In the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company recorded a favorable
adjustment to the restructuring charge related to the impairment of long-lived assets of $1 million, impacting
Infrastructure Solutions.
0 Due to a change in the Company's strategy to monetize and exit certain Venture Capital portfolio investments, a vvrite—
down of $55 million was recorded, reﬂected in Corporate.
Costs Associated with Exit and Disposal Activities
The restructuring charges for costs associated with exit and disposal activities, primarily environmental remediation and
contract penalties, totaled $10 million in the second quarter of 2015, impacting Agricultural Sciences ($6 million), Consumer
Solutions ($2 million) and Infrastructure Solutions ($2 million). In the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company increased the
restructuring reserve for costs associated with exit and disposal activities by $1 million, impacting Agricultural Sciences.
201 6 Adjustments to the 2015 Restructuring
In 2016, the Company increased the 2015 restructuring reserve related to additional accruals for costs associated with exit and
disposal activities by $6 million. In addition, a favorable adjustment was recorded for the impairment of long-lived assets of
$3 million. The net change was included in "Restructuring charges (credits)" in the consolidated statements of income and
reﬂected in Agricultural Sciences ($5 million charge), Consumer Solutions ($1 million charge) and Infrastructure Solutions
($3 million gain).
2014 Adjustments to the 4Q12 Restructuring Plan
In 2014, the Company reduced the 4Q12 Restructuring reserve related to contract cancellation fees by $3 million. The impact of
this adjustment is shown as "Restructuring charges (credits)" in the consolidated statements of income and reﬂected in
Performance Materials & Chemicals.
Dow expects to incur additional costs in the future related to its restructuring activities, as the Company continually looks for
ways to enhance the efficiency and cost effectiveness of its operations, and to ensure competitiveness across its businesses and
geographic areas. Future costs are expected to include demolition costs related to closed facilities and restructuring plan
implementation costs, these costs will be recognized as incurred. The Company also expects to incur additional employee-
related costs, including involuntary termination benefits, related to its other optimization activities. These costs cannot be
reasonably estimated at this time.
NOTE 4 — ACQUISITIONS
Ownership Restructure of Dow Corning Corporation
On June 1, 2016, the Company announced the closing of the transaction with Corning Incorporated ("Corning"), Dow Coming
and HS Upstate Inc., (“Splitco”), pursuant to which Corning exchanged with Dow Corning its 50 percent equity interest in
Dow Corning for 100 percent of the stock of Splitco which held Corning's historical proportional interest in the Hemlock
Semiconductor Group ("HSC Group") and approximately $4.8 billion in cash (the “DCC Transaction”). As a result of the DCC
Transaction, Dow Corning, previously a 50:50 joint venture between Dow and Coming, became a wholly owned subsidiary of
Dow. In connection with the DCC Transaction, on May 31, 2016, Dow Corning incurred $4.5 billion of indebtedness in order
to fund the contribution of cash to Splitco. See Notes 9, 10, 17 and 20 for additional information.
At June 1, 2016, the Company's equity interest in Dow Corning, excluding the HSC Group, was $1,968 million and previously
classified as "Investment in nonconsolidated aﬁiliates" in the consolidated balance sheets. This equity interest was remeasured
84