The Dow Chemical Company and Subsidiaries
PART I, Item 1A. Risk Factors.
RISK FACTORS
The factors described below represent the Company's principal risks.
Global Economic Considerations: The Company operates in a global, competitive environment which gives rise to
operating and market risk exposure.
The Company sells its broad range of products and services in a competitive, global environment, and competes worldwide for
sales on the basis of product quality, price, technology and customer service. Increased levels of competition could result in
lower prices or lower sales volume, which could have a negative impact on the Company's results of operations. Sales of the
Company's products are also subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations, trade agreements, import
and export controls, and duties and tariffs. The imposition of additional regulations, controls and duties and tariffs or changes to
bilateral and regional trade agreements could result in lower sales volume which could negatively impact the Company's results
of operations.
Economic conditions around the world, and in certain industries in which the Company does business, also impact sales prices
and volume. As a result, market uncertainty or an economic downturn in the geographic areas or industries in which Dow sells
its products could reduce demand for these products and result in decreased sales volume, which could have a negative impact
on Dow's results of operations.
In addition, volatility and disruption of financial markets could limit customers' ability to obtain adequate financing to maintain
operations, which could result in a decrease in sales volume and have a negative impact on Dow's results of operations. The
Company's global business operations also give rise to market risk exposure related to changes in foreign exchange rates,
interest rates, commodity prices and other market factors such as equity prices. To manage such risks, Dow enters into hedging
transactions pursuant to established guidelines and policies. If Dow fails to effectively manage such risks, it could have a
negative impact on the Company's results of operations.
Financial Commitments and Credit Markets: Market conditions could reduce the Company's ﬂexibility to respond to
changing business conditions or fund capital needs.
Adverse economic conditions could reduce the Company's ﬂexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions
or to fund capital expenditures or working capital needs. The economic environment could result in a contraction in the
availability of credit in the marketplace and reduce sources of liquidity for the Company. This could result in higher borrowing
costs.
Raw Materials: Availability of purchased feedstocks and energy, and the volatility of these costs, impact Dow’s
operating costs and add variability to earnings.
Purchased feedstock and energy costs account for a substantial portion of the Company’s total production costs and operating
expenses. The Company purchases hydrocarbon raw materials including ethane, propane, butane, naphtha and condensate as
feedstocks. The Company also purchases certain monomers, primarily ethylene and propylene, to supplement internal
production, as well as other raw materials. The Company purchases natural gas, primarily to generate electricity, and purchases
electric power to supplement internal generation.
Feedstock and energy costs generally follow price trends in crude oil and natural gas, which are sometimes volatile. While the
Company uses its feedstock ﬂexibility and financial and physical hedging programs to help mitigate feedstock cost increases,
the Company is not always able to immediately raise selling prices. Ultimately, the ability to pass on underlying cost increases
is dependent on market conditions. Conversely, when feedstock and energy costs decline, selling prices generally decline as
well. As a result, volatility in these costs could impact the Company’s results of operations.
The Company has a number of investments in the US. Gulf Coast to take advantage of increasing supplies of low-cost natural
gas and natural gas liquids derived from shale gas including: construction of a new on-purpose propylene production facility,
which commenced operations in December 2015; completion of a major maintenance turnaround in December 2016 at an
ethylene production facility in Plaquemine, Louisiana, which included expanding the facility's ethylene production capacity by
up to 250 KTA and modifications to enable full ethane cracking ﬂexibility; and construction of a new world-scale ethylene
production facility in Freeport, Texas, which is expected to start up in mid-2017. As a result of these investments, the
20