standard using the modified retrospective approach, under which the cumulative effect of initially applying the new guidance is
recognized as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the first quarter of 2018.
In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11, "Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory," which
applies to inventory that is measured using FIFO or average cost. Under the updated guidance, an entity should measure
inventory that is within scope at the lower of cost and net realizable value, which is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary
course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. Subsequent measurement is
unchanged for inventory that is measured using LIFO. This ASU is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after
December 15, 2016, and should be applied prospectively with early adoption permitted at the beginning of an interim or annual
reporting period. The Company will adopt the new guidance in the first quarter of 2017, and the adoption of this guidance will
not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, "Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities," which amends the guidance in US. GAAP on the classification and
measurement of financial instruments. Changes to the current guidance primarily affects the accounting for equity investments,
financial liabilities under the fair value option, and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. In
addition, the ASU clarifies guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets
resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. The new standard is eﬁective for fiscal years and interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and upon adoption, an entity should apply the amendments by means of a
cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet at the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is
effective. Early adoption is not permitted except for the provision to record fair value changes for financial liabilities under the
fair value option resulting from instrument-specific credit risk in other comprehensive income. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)," which requires organizations that lease assets to
recognize on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases. The new guidance
requires that a lessee recognize assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than twelve months and recognition,
presentation and measurement in the financial statements will depend on its classification as a finance or operating lease. In
addition, the new guidance will require disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand the
amount, timing and uncertainty of cash ﬂows arising from leases. Lessor accounting remains largely unchanged from current
US. GAAP but does contain some targeted improvements to align with the new revenue recognition guidance issued in 2014.
The new standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018,
using a modified retrospective approach, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of
adopting this guidance.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, "Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to
Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting," which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment
awards to employees, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, statutory tax withholding requirements and
classification in the statement of cash ﬂows. The new standard is eﬁective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those
fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted in any annual or interim period for which financial
statements have not yet been issued, and all amendments in the ASU that apply must be adopted in the same period. The
Company will adopt the new guidance in the first quarter of 20 17. Under the new guidance, excess tax benefits related to equity
compensation will be recognized in the "Provision for income taxes" in the consolidated statements of income rather than in
"Additional paid-in capital" in the consolidated balance sheets and will be applied on a prospective basis. Changes to the
statements of cash ﬂows related to the classification of excess tax benefits and employee taxes paid for share-based payment
arrangements will be implemented on a retrospective basis. The Company does not expect further impacts from the guidance.
In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016—15, "Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash
Receipts and Cash Payments," which addresses the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are
presented and classified in the statement of cash ﬂows with respect to eight specific cash ﬂow issues. The new standard is
effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The amendments
should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented, if practicable. Early adoption is permitted,
including adoption in an interim period, and any adjustments should be reﬂected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that
includes the interim period. All amendments must be adopted in the same period. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of adopting this guidance.
In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016— 16, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than
Inventory," which requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than
inventory when the transfer occurs. The amendments are eﬁective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years,
80