INFRASTRUCTURE SOLUTIONS
The Infrastructure Solutions segment is comprised of an industry-leading portfolio of businesses utilizing advanced technology
to deliver products such as architectural and industrial coatings, construction material ingredients, building insulation and
materials, adhesives, microbial protection for the oil and gas industry, telecommunications, light and water technologies. With
unmatched R&D capabilities, a broad range of chemistries, extensive geographic reach and strong channels to market, this
segment is well positioned to capitalize on market trends. The segment has broad geographic reach with sales in nearly
150 countries and R&D and manufacturing facilities located in key geographic areas.
Details on Infrastructure Solutions' 2016 sales, by business and geographic area, are as follows:
2016 Sales by Business 2016 Sales by Geographic Area
Energysilmif;\/‘ ’— rSeilicones EMEAI\ -\/_ Asia Paciﬁc
@ @37
‘ .h Performance ‘— Latin America
Dow Coating J Monomers
Materials /
— ‘— & North America—/ —
Dow Building & Construction
Dow Building & Construction is comprised of two businesses - Dow Building Solutions and Dow Construction Chemicals.
Leveraging more than 70 years of building science experience and deep application expertise that go well beyond the business's
75 years of STYROFOAMTM brand insulation products, Dow creates high-performance solutions designed to help make
residential and commercial buildings more comfortable, last longer, save energy and reduce emissions. The business group
offers extensive lines of industry-leading durable insulation and building material solutions, as well as functional ingredients
that provide improved thermal performance, air sealing, weatherization, waterproofing and fire retardancy for construction
products.
Dow Coating Materials
The Dow Coating Materials business manufactures and delivers solutions that leverage high quality, technologically advanced
product oﬁerings for architectural paint and coatings, as well as industrial coatings applications, including paper, leather,
concrete, wood, automotive, maintenance and protective industries. Dow Coating Materials introduced the industry's first
waterborne technology in 1953 and has since led the industry's conversion away from solvent borne technology to allow for
lower volatile organic compounds and an improved sustainability profile while pushing performance boundaries.
Energy & Water Solutions
Energy & Water Solutions includes the following businesses - Dow Microbial Control; Dow Oil, Gas & Mining; and Dow
Water and Process Solutions. Dow Microbial Control provides technology used to predict, diagnose and sustainably solve the
planet’s most difficult microbial challenges while Dow Oil, Gas & Mining is helping to provide energy to the world by
supplying smart, innovative and customized solutions to enable the tapping of both conventional and unconventional sources.
Aligned to the infrastructure market sector is Dow Water and Process Solutions, a leading provider of purification and
separation technologies including reverse osmosis membranes and ion exchange resins to help customers with a broad array of
separation and purification needs such as reusing waste water streams, making fresh drinking water from sea water, creating a
closed loop water system for oil field operations, and removing impurities in dairy processing.
Performance Monomers
The Performance Monomers business produces monomer products that are sold externally as well as consumed internally as
building blocks used in downstream polymer businesses. The business' products are used in several applications, including
dispersions and emulsions for adhesives, coatings, inks, woven and non-woven textiles, plastics and polymers and
superabsorbent products. Included in this portfolio is Plastics Additives, a worldwide supplier of additives used in a large
variety of applications ranging from construction materials and packaging containers to consumer appliances and electronics,
business machines and automotive parts.
Infrastructure Solutions - Silicones
Infrastructure Solutions - Silicones is a global leader in providing solutions to pressing challenges customers face in the
infrastructure segment delivered via proven and innovative silicon-based technology. The diverse portfolio provides solutions
10