Consumer Solutions - Silicones principal businesses offer the following technologies and serve the following market segments:
IBusiness |Applications/Market Segments |Technologies I
lBeauty and Personal Ha1r care, skin care, sun care and color llnnovative beauty care ingredients that help improve |
Care cosmetics product performance and meet the needs of
consumers. Notable silicone technologies include
elastomers, emulsifiers, rheology modifiers, film
formers-resins, gums and acrylates, powders and
ﬂuids.
|Household Care lLaundry and fabric care, hard surface care |Proven solutions to deliver benefits to both |
consumers and manufacturers alike. Notable silicone
technologies include antifoams, processing aids,
polishing gloss aids and softening agents.
|Healthcare lDrug delivery, medical device, wound care llnnovative silicone solutions backed by industry |
and topical ingredient applications application and regulatory expertise. Notable silicone
technologies include elastomers, emulsifiers,
excipients, tubing and molded assemblies, adhesives,
antifoams and ﬂuids.
lConsumer Goods Electronlcs, packaging, sporting goods, lElastomer and thermal plastic technologies with |
household goods, infant care proven performance delivering benefits to consumers
around the world in multiple applications. Notable
technology includes liquid silicone rubbers, high
consistency rubbers, TPSiVTM, thermoplastic
additives and food-grade materials.
|Automotive |Safety, lighting, sealing, electronics, NVH |Notable technology includes: elastomers, liquid |
(noise, vibration, harshness), exterior trim silicone rubbers, high consistency rubbers,
thermoplastics, additives, coatings, thermal
management materials, sealants and lubricants.
Competition
The Consumer Solutions segment experiences competition in each business within the segment. The competitors include many
large multinational chemical firms as well as a number of regional and local competitors. The segment's products have unique
performance characteristics that are required by customers who demand a high-level of customer service and technical expertise
from the Company's sales force and scientists, therefore, Dow is well positioned to withstand competitive threats. Key
competitors include Ashland, BASF, Bayer, Bluestar, J SR Micro, Momentive, Shin-Etsu Chemical and Wacker.
Joint Ventures
The Consumer Solutions segment includes a portion of the Company's share of the results of the Hemlock Semiconductor
Group ("HSC Group”), a U.S.-based group of companies that manufacture polycrystalline silicon products, which is owned
50 percent by the Company.
As of June 1, 2016, Dow Corning Corporation ("Dow Corning"), previously a 50:50 joint venture with Corning Incorporated
("Corning"), became a wholly owned subsidiary of Dow as a result of an ownership restructure ("DCC Transaction”). Dow and
Corning continue to maintain their historical proportional equity interest in the HSC Group. See Note 4 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on this transaction.
9