reporting units, while revenue growth rates, discount rates and tax rates are established by reporting unit to account for
differences in business fundamentals and industry risk.
The second step of the quantitative test is required if the first step of the quantitative test indicates a potential
impairment. The second step requires the Company to compare the implied fair value of a reporting unit's goodwill
with the carrying amount of goodwill. If the carrying amount of goodwill is greater than its implied fair value, an
impairment loss is recorded.
The Company also monitors and evaluates its market capitalization relative to book value. When the market
capitalization of the Company falls below book value, management undertakes a process to evaluate whether a change
in circumstances has occurred that would indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of its reporting
units has declined below carrying value. This evaluation process includes the use of third-party market-based
valuations and internal discounted cash ﬂow analysis. As part of the annual goodwill impairment test, the Company
also compares market capitalization with the most recent total estimated fair value of its reporting units to ensure that
significant differences are understood. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, Dow’s market capitalization exceeded book
value.
2016 Goodwill Impairment Test
In 2016, there were no events or changes in circumstances identified that warranted interim goodwill impairment
testing. In the fourth quarter of 2016, qualitative testing was performed for all but three of the Company's reporting
units that carry goodwill. The results of the qualitative testing did not indicate any reporting units where it was more
likely than not that the carrying value of the reporting unit was greater than its fair value. As a result, no additional
quantitative testing was required for those reporting units.
The Company chose to proceed directly to the first step of the quantitative testing for three reporting units to re-
evaluate the reasonableness of the differences between fair value and carrying value under current market conditions.
Quantitative testing was conducted for the following reporting units, using key assumptions for the discounted cash
ﬂow analysis: Dow Coating Materials, Performance Monomers and Dow Electronic Materials.
Changes in key assumptions can affect the results of goodwill impairment testing. The changes made to key
assumptions in 2016 did not result in a significant change in the impairment analysis conclusion. The key assumptions
with the most significant impact on reporting unit fair value calculations include the discount rate and terminal value
NOPAT growth rate. For the 2016 impairment testing, management completed sensitivity analysis on both of these key
assumptions using a 100 basis point increase in the discount rate and a 100 basis point decrease in the terminal value
NOPAT growth rate for reporting units where a quantitative fair value analysis was completed. In both cases the
resulting fair values, based on discounted cash flows, exceeded the carrying values for all reporting units tested.
Additional sensitivity analysis was completed on the combined impact of a 100 basis point increase in the discount
rate and a 100 basis point decrease in the terminal value NOPAT growth rate. This analysis resulted in a fair value,
based on discounted cash ﬂows, that exceeded the carrying value for Dow Electronic Materials and Performance
Monomers. This analysis also resulted in a fair value for Dow Coating Materials, which carried $2,233 million of
goodwill at December 31, 2016, that was $122 million below carrying value.
In completing the fair value analysis for the 2016 impairment test, management evaluated the reasonableness of
differences noted between fair value and carrying value of each reporting unit. All differences were determined to be
reasonable.
Based on the fair value analysis completed by the Company in the fourth quarter of 2016, using the key assumptions
defined for the Company as well as the key assumptions defined specifically for each reporting unit, management
concluded that fair value exceeded carrying value for all reporting units.
Pension and Other Postretirement Beneﬁts
The amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements related to pension and other postretirement benefits
are determined from actuarial valuations. Inherent in these valuations are assumptions including expected return on
plan assets, discount rates at which the liabilities could have been settled at December 31, 2016, rate of increase in
future compensation levels, mortality rates and health care cost trend rates. These assumptions are updated annually
and are disclosed in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In accordance with US. GAAP, actual results
that diﬁer from the assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore, affect expense
recognized and obligations recorded in future periods. The US. pension plans represent 72 percent of the Company’s
pension plan assets and 71 percent of the pension obligations.
59