derivatives used for this purpose are not designated as hedges. The potential impact of creating such additional exposures is not
material to the Company ’s results.
The Company’s risk management program for interest rate, foreign currency and commodity risks is based on fundamental,
mathematical and technical models that take into account the implicit cost of hedging. Risks created by derivative instruments
and the mark-to-market valuations of positions are strictly monitored at all times, using value-at-risk and stress tests.
Counterparty credit risk arising from these contracts is not significant because the Company minimizes counterparty
concentration, deals primarily with major financial institutions of solid credit quality, and the majority of its hedging
transactions mature in less than three months. In addition, the Company minimizes concentrations of credit risk through its
global orientation by transacting with large, internationally diversified financial counterparties. It is the Company’s policy to
not have credit-risk-related contingent features in its derivative instruments. No significant concentration of counterparty credit
risk existed at December 31, 2016. The Company does not anticipate losses from credit risk, and the net cash requirements
arising from counterparty risk associated with risk management activities are not expected to be material in 2017.
The Company revises its strategies as market conditions dictate and management reviews its overall financial strategies and the
impacts from using derivatives in its risk management program with the Company’s Board of Directors.
Interest Rate Risk Management
The Company enters into various interest rate contracts with the objective of lowering funding costs or altering interest rate
exposures related to fixed and variable rate obligations. In these contracts, the Company agrees with other parties to exchange,
at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and ﬂoating interest amounts calculated on an agreed-upon notional
principal amount. At December 31, 2016, the Company had open interest rate swaps with maturity dates that extend to 2021.
Foreign Currency Risk Management
The Company’s global operations require active participation in foreign exchange markets. The Company enters into foreign
exchange forward contracts and options, and cross-currency swaps to hedge various currency exposures or create desired
exposures. Exposures primarily relate to assets, liabilities and bonds denominated in foreign currencies, as well as economic
exposure, which is derived from the risk that currency ﬂuctuations could affect the dollar value of future cash ﬂows related to
operating activities. The primary business objective of the activity is to optimize the US. dollar value of the Company’s assets,
liabilities and future cash ﬂows with respect to exchange rate ﬂuctuations. Assets and liabilities denominated in the same
foreign currency are netted, and only the net exposure is hedged. At December 31, 2016, the Company had forward contracts,
options and cross-currency swaps to buy, sell or exchange foreign currencies. These contracts had various expiration dates,
through the first quarter of 20 1 8.
Commodity Risk Management
The Company has exposure to the prices of commodities in its procurement of certain raw materials. The primary purpose of
commodity hedging activities is to manage the price volatility associated with these forecasted inventory purchases. At
December 31, 2016, the Company had futures contracts, options and swaps to buy, sell or exchange commodities. These
agreements had various expiration dates through the fourth quarter of 2020.
Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
Cash Flow Hedges
For derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash ﬂow hedging instruments, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the
derivative is recorded in “Accumulated other comprehensive loss” (“AOCL”); it is reclassified to “Cost of sales” in the same
period or periods that the hedged transaction affects income. The unrealized amounts in AOCL ﬂuctuate based on changes in
the fair value of open contracts at the end of each reporting period. The Company anticipates volatility in AOCL and net
income from its cash ﬂow hedges. The amount of volatility varies with the level of derivative activities and market conditions
during any period. Gains and losses on the derivatives representing either hedge ineffectiveness or hedge components excluded
from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in current period income.
The Company had open interest rate derivatives designated as cash ﬂow hedges at December 31, 2016, with a net loss of
$4 million after tax and a notional US. dollar equivalent of $245 million (net loss of $3 million after tax and a notional US.
dollar equivalent of $338 million at December 31, 2015).
Current open foreign currency forward contracts hedge the currency risk of forecasted feedstock purchase transactions until
September 2017. The effective portion of the mark-to-market effects of the foreign currency contracts is recorded in AOCL; it
is reclassified to income in the same period or periods that the underlying feedstock purchase affects income. The net gain from
the foreign currency hedges included in AOCL at December 31, 2016 was $22 million after tax (net gain of $4 million after tax
at December 31, 2015). In 2016, 2015 and 2014, there was no material impact on the consolidated financial statements due to
101