2016 Versus 2015
Performance Materials & Chemicals sales were $9,225 million in 2016, down 23 percent from $11,973 million in 2015, with
volume down 14 percent and price down 9 percent. Price decreased across all geographic areas and all businesses, primarily in
response to lower raw material costs. Volume was impacted by recent divestitures, including ANGUS Chemical Company and
the global Sodium Borohydride business and the split-off of the chlorine value chain. Excluding these divestitures, volume
increased 2 percent. Volume increased in Polyurethanes due to strong demand for higher-margin system house applications
used in energy, industrial and consumer markets, particularly in EMEAI and Asia Pacific, along with increased demand for
specialty polyols in Asia Pacific due to an expanding customer base. These increases were partially offset by decreased volume
in isocyanates and propylene oxide/propylene glycol in all geographic areas, primarily reﬂecting planned and unplanned
maintenance turnaround activity as well as increased internal consumption of propylene oxide. Industrial Solutions volume was
ﬂat as strong demand in crop defense, electronics and textile market sectors was offset by reduced demand for deicer ﬂuids as a
result of warmer winter temperatures, weak demand for industrial lubricants and long market conditions for ethylene oxide/
ethylene glycol. Chlor—Alkali and Vinyl reported increased volume in EMEAI due to favorable supply and demand
fundamentals, which was partially offset by volume declines in North America and Latin America.
EBITDA for 2016 was $134 million, compared with $5,479 million in 2015. EBITDA for 2016 was impacted by a
$1,235 million loss related to the settlement of the urethane matters class action lawsuit and opt-out cases litigation, a gain of
$6 million related to post-closing adjustments on the split-oﬂ" of the chlorine value chain and a $1 million charge related to
environmental remediation activities. EBITDA for 2015 was impacted by a gain of $682 million on the divestiture of ANGUS
Chemical Company, a gain of $20 million on the divestiture of the global Sodium Borohydride business, a gain of
$1,984 million on the split-oﬂ" of the chlorine value chain and a gain of $723 million on the sale of the Company's interest in
MEGlobal. See Notes 5, 6, 9 and 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these transactions.
Excluding these certain items, EBITDA decreased due to the impact of lower sales volume, lower selling prices, the absence of
earnings from divested businesses, lower equity earnings from the Kuwait joint ventures and higher equity losses from Sadara
related to start-up expenses. These declines were partially offset by lower feedstock, energy and other raw material costs, lower
SG&A and R&D spending and higher equity earnings from Map Ta Phut Olefins Company Limited.
2015 Versus 2014
Performance Materials & Chemicals sales were $11,973 million in 2015, down 21 percent from $15,114 million in 2014, with
price down 15 percent, including the unfavorable impact of currency which represented more than one-third of the price
decline, and volume down 6 percent. Price declined in all geographic areas and all businesses. Lower raw material costs and the
unfavorable impact of currency drove price declines in Epoxy, Polyurethanes and Industrial Solutions. Chlor—Alkali and Vinyl
reported lower prices as a result of the decline in ethylene prices and increased availability of caustic soda. Volume was
impacted by recent divestitures, including the divestitures of ANGUS Chemical Company and the global Sodium Borohydride
business and the split-off of the chlorine value chain. Excluding these divestitures, volume increased 1 percent. Volume
increased in Polyurethanes driven by increased demand, lower raw material costs and growth in energy efficiency, consumer
and industrial market sectors in North America and EMEAI, and in Asia Pacific due to the start up of a polyols plant in
Thailand. Industrial Solutions reported volume declines across all geographic areas, except Asia Pacific, due to weakness in the
agriculture and energy market sectors and a change in a long-term supply arrangement. Epoxy volume was up in all areas,
except Asia Pacific, driven by increased demand for phenolics. Chlor—Alkali and Vinyl reported decreased volume in EMEAI
and Latin America, partially offset by increases in Asia Pacific and North America, due to unfavorable supply and demand
fundamentals and the expiration of a long-term supply agreement in EMEAI.
EBITDA for 2015 was $5,479 million, compared with $2,193 million in 2014. EBITDA for 2015 was favorably impacted by
$3,409 million of certain items, as previously discussed. Excluding these certain items, EBITDA decreased due to the impact of
lower sales volume, lower selling prices including the impact of currency, the absence of earnings from divested businesses,
lower equity earnings from TKOC, EQUATE and MEGlobal and higher equity losses from Sadara. These declines were
partially offset by lower feedstock, energy and other raw material costs, lower SG&A and R&D spending, the favorable impact
of currency on costs and higher equity earnings from Map Ta Phut Olefins Company Limited.
Performance Materials & Chemicals Outlook for 2017
Performance Materials & Chemicals sales are expected to grow in 2017. Prices will primarily follow feedstock and energy
prices, which are expected to increase in 2017, but will also be inﬂuenced by additional industry capacity, particularly in
Polyurethanes and Industrial Solutions. Polyurethanes volume is expected to grow in excess of GDP, driven by strong demand
for products used in energy efficiency applications as well as consumer-driven demand in emerging geographies. Polyurethanes
volume will also be favorably impacted as Sadara capacity comes on—line in the second half of 20 17. Industrial Solutions
volume is expected to increase as a result of Sadara capacity coming on—line in 2017, with modest growth also expected for
amines, surfactants and ﬂuids used in specialty applications. The Chlor—Alkali and Vinyl business expects volume growth due
to increased operating rates and higher demand for vinyl chloride monomer in construction end-markets.
46