The Dow Chemical Company and Subsidiaries
i PART II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 7
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10—K, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the
supervision and with the participation of the Company’s Disclosure Committee and the Company’s management, including the
Chief Executive Oﬁicer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s
disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to paragraph (b) of Exchange Act Rules 13a—15 and 15 d-15. Based upon that
evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Oﬁicer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and
procedures were effective.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation
required by paragraph (d) of Exhange Act Rules 13a—15 and 15d-15 that was conducted during the last fiscal quarter that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially aﬁect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company’s
internal control framework and processes are designed to provide reasonable assurance to management and the Board of
Directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
The Company’s internal control over financial reportng includes those policies and procedures that:
- pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the Company,
- provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and Directors of the Company, and
- provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, any system of internal control over financial reportng can provide only reasonable
assurance and may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting and concluded that, as of
December 31, 2016, such internal control is effective. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”) in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2 01 3 ).
The Company’s independent auditors, Deloitte & Touche LLP, with direct access to the Company’s Board of Directors through
its Audit Committee, have audited the consolidated financial statements prepared by the Company. Their report on the
consolidated financial statements is included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Deloitte &
Touche LLP’s report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting is referenced therein and included herein.
February 9, 2017
: /s/ ANDREW N. LIVERIS : : /s/ HOWARD I. UNGERLEIDER :
Andrew N. Liveris Howard I. Ungerleider
Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman and
Chairman of the Board Chief Financial Officer
: /s/ RONALD C. EDMONDS :
Ronald C. Edmonds
Controller and Vice President of Controllers and Tax
154