The Dow Chemical Company and Subsidiaries
PART I, Item 1. Business.
THE COMPANY
The Dow Chemical Company was incorporated in 1947 under Delaware law and is the successor to a Michigan corporation, of
the same name, organized in 1897. The Company's principal executive offices are located at 2030 Dow Center, Midland,
Michigan 48674. Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except as otherwise indicated by the context, the terms
“Company” or “Dow” as used herein mean The Dow Chemical Company and its consolidated subsidiaries.
Available Information
The Company's annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and
amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, are
available free of charge through the Investor Relations section of the Company's website (www.dow.com/investor-relations), as
soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are electronically filed or furnished with the US. Securities and Exchange
Commission (“SEC”). The SEC maintains a website that contains these reports as well as proxy statements and other
information regarding issuers that file electronically. The SEC'S website is at www.sec. gov. The Company's website and its
content are not deemed incorporated by reference into this report.
General
Dow combines the power of science and technology to passionately innovate what is essential to human progress. The
Company is driving innovations that extract value from material, polymer, chemical and biological science to help address
many of the world's most challenging problems, such as the need for fresh food, safer and more sustainable transportation,
clean water, energy efficiency, more durable infrastructure, and increasing agricultural productivity. Dow's integrated, market-
driven portfolio delivers a broad range of technology-based products and solutions to customers in 175 countries and in high-
growth sectors such as packaging, infrastructure, transportation, consumer care, electronics and agriculture. In 2016, Dow had
annual sales of $48 billion and employed approximately 56,000 people worldwide. The Company's more than 7,000 product
families are manufactured at 189 sites in 34 countries across the globe. The Company conducts its worldwide operations
through global businesses, which are reported in five operating segments: Agricultural Sciences, Consumer Solutions,
Infrastructure Solutions, Performance Materials & Chemicals and Performance Plastics.
Strategy
Dow’s strategy is to invest in a market-driven portfolio of advantaged and technology-enabled businesses that create value for
our shareholders and customers.
Dow DuPont Planned Merger of Equals
On December 11, 2015, the Company and E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company ("DuPont") announced that their boards of
directors unanimously approved a definitive agreement under which the companies will combine in an all-stock merger of
equals strategic combination. The combined company will be named DowDuPont.
Dow and DuPont remain focused on closing the transaction and continue to work constructively with regulatory agencies in all
relevant jurisdictions, including the United States, European Union, China, Brazil and Canada. Given current regulatory agency
status, closing is expected to occur in the first half of 2017, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including
receipt of all regulatory approvals. The parties intend to subsequently pursue a separation of DowDuPont into three
independent, publicly traded companies through tax-efficient transactions, including a leading global pure-play agriculture
company, a leading global pure-play material science company and a leading technology and innovation-driven specialty
products company. See the Note About F orward-Looking Statements; Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors; and Note 27 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on this transaction.
4