M anagement’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management of CSG Systems International, Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting as deﬁned in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of ﬁnancial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with US. generally accepted accounting principles. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:
(i) Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
(ii) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of ﬁnancial statements in accordance with US. generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the Company; and
(iii) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could
have a material effect on the ﬁnancial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and
procedures may deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016. In making this assessment, management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) .
Based on our assessment, management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016.
The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2016. That report appears immediately following.
41