The fair value for our Credit Agreement was estimated using a discounted cash ﬂow methodology, while the fair value for our convertible debt was estimated based upon
quoted market prices or recent sales activity, both of which are considered Level 2 inputs. See Note 5 for discussion regarding our debt.
Concentrations of Credit Risk. In the normal course of business, we are exposed to credit risk. The principal concentrations of credit risk relate to cash deposits, cash
equivalents, short-term investments, and accounts receivable. We regularly monitor credit risk exposures and take steps to mitigate the likelihood of these exposures
resulting in a loss. We hold our cash deposits, cash equivalents, and short-term investments with financial institutions we believe to be of sound ﬁnancial condition.
We generally do not require collateral or other security to support accounts receivable. We evaluate the credit worthiness of our clients in conjunction with our revenue
recognition processes, as well as through our ongoing collectability assessment processes for accounts receivable. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts
receivable based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of speciﬁc clients, historical trends, and other information. We use various judgments and estimates in
determining the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts receivable. See Note 3 for additional details of our concentration of accounts receivable.
The activity in our allowance for doubtful accounts receivable is as follows (in thousands):
2016 2015 2014
Balance,beginning o_f year $ 3,600 $ 3,323 $ 2,359 T
Additions to expense 614 533 1,406
Write-offs (1,102) (318) (465 )j
Recoveries — 89 —
other (32) (27) 23 j
Balance, end of year $ 3,080 $ 3,600 $ 3,323
Property and Equipment . Property and equipment are recorded at cost (or at estimated fair value if acquired in a business combination) and are depreciated over their
estimated useful lives ranging from three to ten years. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of their economic life or the lease term. Depreciation
expense is computed using the straight-line method for financial reporting purposes. Depreciation expense for all property and equipment is reﬂected in our
accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income (“Income Statements”) separately in the aggregate and is not included in the cost of revenues or the other components
of operating expenses. Depreciation for income tax purposes is computed using accelerated methods.
Software. We expend substantial amounts on R&D, particularly for new products and services, or for enhancements of existing products and services. For development
of software products that are to be licensed by us, we expense all costs related to the development of the software until technological feasibility is established. For
development of software to be used internally (e.g., cloud-based systems software), we expense all costs prior to the application development stage.
During 2016, 2015, and 2014, we expended $98.7 million, $102.0 million, and $104.7 million, respectively, on R&D projects. We did not capitalize any R&D costs in
2016, 2015, and 2014, as the costs subject to capitalization during these periods were not material. We did not have any capitalized R&D costs included in our
December 31, 2016 and 2015 Balance Sheets.
Realizability of Long-Lived Assets. We evaluate our long-lived assets, other than goodwill, for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. A long-lived asset is impaired if estimated future undiscounted cash ﬂows associated with that asset are
insufficient to recover the carrying amount of the long-lived asset. If deemed impaired, the long-lived asset is written down to its fair value.
Goodwill. We evaluate our goodwill for impairment on an annual basis. In addition, we evaluate our goodwill on a more periodic basis (e. g., quarterly) if events occur or
circumstances change that could indicate a potential impairment may have occurred. Goodwill is considered impaired if the carrying value of the reporting unit which
includes the goodwill is greater than the estimated fair value of the reporting unit.
Contingencies. We accrue for a loss contingency when: (i) it is probable that an asset has been impaired, or a liability has been incurred; and (ii) the amount of the loss
can be reasonably estimated. The determination of accounting for loss contingencies is subject to various judgments and estimates. We do not record the benefit from a
gain contingency until the benefit is realized.
52