o Longer collection cycles for client billings or accounts receivable, as well as he ightened client collection risks, especially in countries with highly
inﬂationary economies and/or restrictions on the movement of cash out of the country;
0 Trade barriers;
° Governmental sanctions;
° Complying with varied legal and regulatory requirements across jurisdictions;
0 Reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries;
0 Inability to recover value added taxes and/or goods and services taxes in foreign jurisdictions;
0 Political instability and threats of terrorism; and
o A potential adverse impact to our overall effective income tax rate resulting from, among other things:
° Operations in foreign countries with higher tax rates than the US;
- The inability to utilize certain foreign tax credits; and
0 The inability to utilize some or all of losses generated in one or more foreign countries.
One or more of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our international operations, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial
position.
We May Not Be Successful in the Integration of Our Acquisitions.
As part of our growth strategy, we seek to acquire assets, technology, and businesses which will provide the technology and personnel to expedite our product
development efforts, provide complementary solutions, or provide access to new markets and clients.
Acquisitions involve a number of risks and difficulties, including: (i) expansion into new markets and business ventures; (ii) the requirement to understand local business
practices; (iii) the diversion of management’s attention to the assimilation of acquired operations and personnel; (iv) being bound by acquired client or vendor contracts
with unfavorable terms; and (v) potential adverse effects on a company’s operating results for various reasons, including, but not limited to, the following items: (a) the
inability to achieve financial targets; (b) the inability to achieve certain financial expectations, operating goals, and synergies; (0) costs incurred to exit current or
acquired contracts or activities; (d) costs incurred to service any acquisition debt; and (e) the amortization or impairment of acquired intangible assets.
Due to the multiple risks and difficulties associated with any acquisition, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in achieving our expected strategic,
operating, and financial goals for any such acquisition.
Our International Operations Require Us To Comply With Applicable US. and International Laws and Regulations.
Doing business on a worldwide basis requires our company and our subsidiaries to comply with the laws and the regulations of the US. government and various
international jurisdictions. In addition, the number of countries enacting anti-corruption laws and related enforcement activities is increasing. These regulations place
restrictions on our operations, trade practices and trade partners. In particular, our international operations are subject to US. and foreign anti-corruption laws and
regulations such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“F CPA”), the UK. Anti-Bribery Act and economic sanction programs administered by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control (“OFAC”).
The FCPA prohibits us from providing anything of value to foreign officials for the purposes of inﬂuencing ofﬁcial decisions or obtaining or retaining business. In
addition, the FCPA imposes accounting standards and requirements on publicly traded US. corporations and their foreign afﬁliates, which are intended to prevent the
diversion of corporate funds to the payment of bribes and other improper payments, and to prevent the establishment of “off books” slush funds from which such
improper payment can be made. As part of our business, we regularly deal with state-owned business enterprises, the employees of which are considered foreign officials
for purposes of the FCPA. In addition, some of the international locations in which we operate lack a developed legal system and have higher than normal levels of
corruption. We inform our personnel and third-party sales representatives of the requirements of the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws, including, but not limited to
their reporting requirements. We have also developed and will continue to develop and implement systems for formalizing contracting processes, performing due
diligence on agents and improving our recordkeeping and auditing practices regarding these regulations. However, there is no guarantee that our employees, third-party
sales representatives or other agents have not or will not engage in conduct undetected by our processes and for which we might be held responsible under the FCPA or
other anti-corruption laws.
12