P ART I
I tem 1. Business
Overview
CSG Systems International, Inc. (the “Company”, “CSG”, or forms of the pronoun “we”) is one of the world’s largest and most established providers of business support
solutions, primarily serving the global communications industry. We have over thirty years of expertise supporting communications service providers (“CSPs”) as their
businesses have evolved from a single product offering to highly complex and competitive multi-product offerings, while also requiring increasingly differentiated, real-
time, and personalized experiences for their customers.
Our proven experience and world-class solutions support the mission critical management of our clients’ revenue, customer interactions, and digital ecosystem as they
advance their video, voice, data, content, and digital services to consumers. Over the years, we have focused our research and development (“R&D”) and acquisition
investments on expanding our solution set to address the complex, transformative needs of service providers. Our broad and deep solutions help our clients be
competitive in a dynamically evolving global business environment, respond to changing consumer demands, quickly launch new compelling product offerings, provide
enhanced customer experiences through relevant and targeted interactions, and cost-effectively streamline and scale operations.
Our principal executive offices are located at 9555 Maroon Circle, Englewood, Colorado 80112, and the telephone number at that address is (303) 200-2000. Our
common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (“NASDAQ”) under the symbol “CSGS”. We are a S&P Small Cap 600 company.
Industry Overview
Background. We provide business support solutions (“BSS”) to the world’s leading CSPs, as well as clients in several evolving, highly competitive industries. Our
solutions coordinate and manage many aspects of a service provider’s customer interactions, from the initial activation of customer accounts, to the support and
fulﬁlment of various services, and through the calculation, presentment, and accounts receivables management of monthly customer statements. While our heritage is in
serving the North American video and satellite market, through acquisition and organic growth, we have enhanced our solutions and approach to support the broad scope
of participants in the global communications landscape such as carriers, media and entertainment, and digital content distribution.
Market Trends of Communications Industry. The global communications industry is going through an unprecedented level of change. This dramatic disruption is driving
the emergence of heightened competition, innovative digital products, compelling customer engagements, real-time operational processes, and intense cost pressures.
There are some key trends that are emerging as CSPs try to evolve and compete in this highly complex ecosystem.
o The ﬁrst trend in the communications industry is the dramatic shift in purchasing power to the “always-connected” consumer, who ultimately demands any
content, on any device at any time. Consumers have more choices now than ever before among various options for communication services, entertainment
content, portable devices, and service providers. The competition among providers to obtain, retain, and grow their share of wallet has thus increased
dramatically. CSPs must provide compelling offerings and positive customer experiences to differentiate themselves and maintain long-term customer
relationships.
0 The next critical trend faced by CSPs is meeting the consumer demands for a seamless, real-time, and personalized engagement with providers. Consumers
have become accustomed to and value a simplified purchasing experience, much like they do with online apps like music or video downloads. And while
many aspects of a consumer’s experience outwardly appear simpler, the complexity behind the comprehensive services framework dramatically increases with
the integration of emerging services like over-the-top (“OTT”), digital services (home security, health services, etc.), and digital payment functionality. The
increased velocity required in managing relevant pricing, packaging, promotions, and personalized experiences within this changing business environment
requires increased ﬂexibility and nimbleness in the CSPS’ operational platforms.
0 The third trend that we see is the evolution of the CSPs to a digital lifestyle services provider. In an “always-on” and connected digital society, some CSPs
desire to be the key source for content in a highly personalized experience based on individual consumer needs, desires, and consumption history. These
providers look beyond their own network and provide ubiquitous access to digital services. The “brand” and the “experience” become much more important to
these providers as brand loyalty and personalized experience play a larger role in purchasing decisions. They will no longer be competing solely with the
traditional communication companies, but will also be competing against well-known brands like Apple, Amazon, Netﬂix, and Google for their share of the
consumer’s wallet. And, importantly, they will be looking to create a digital
3