Products and Services. Our products and services help companies with complex transa ction—centric business models manage the opportunities and challenges associated
with accurately capturing, managing, generating, and optimizing the revenue associated with the immense volumes of customer interactions and then manage the intricate
nature 0 f those customer relationships. Our primary product solutions include the following:
0 Revenue Management & Customer Experience Solutions: Our revenue management solutions provide global service providers with a robust, integrated real-
time revenue management framework in either a cloud-based or stand-alone environment to support a single View of the customer across all services and
transactions.
0 Our Advanced Convergent Platform (“ACP”), is a private, cloud-based solution for cable and satellite providers in North America. ACP and our
related business support solutions are relied upon every single day by over 5 8 million consumers of voice, Video, and data services, and are used by
more than 100,000 of our clients’ customer service agents, and 40,000 of our clients’ field force technicians, dispatchers, and routers.
O Ascendon is deployed in some of the world’s leading media and entertainment companies and is a SaaS-based, cloud platform that provides a
trusted path to digital transformation. With Ascendon, organizations can offer new, digital services right now, while moving purposefully toward a
business model that dramatically reduces operational expenses, fully digitizes front and back offices, and unites a portfolio of services into a single
customer relationship that allows for a deep customer engagement across all communication channels.
0 And, leading wireline, wireless, 1P carriers, and Mobile Virtual Network Operators (MVNOs) rely on our Singleview solution to deliver real-time
charging, pre-and post-paid billing for fully converged services from a single platform.
° Customer Interaction Management: Our customer interaction management solutions are a diverse and integrated suite of tools designed to manage and
improve every aspect of the customer experience. We are an industry leader in supporting omni-channel communications between our clients and their
customers, processing more than one billion interactive voice, SMS/text, print, e-mail, web, and fax messages each year.
0 Managed Services: Our managed services offering leverages our 30+ year history in running highly scalable, complex business support solutions to improve
operational efficiencies and effectiveness. For our managed services clients, we assume long-term responsibility for delivering our software solutions and
related operations under a defined scope and specified service levels. Under managed services agreements, we may operate software products (primarily our
software solutions) on behalf of our clients: (i) out of a client’s data center; (ii) out of a data center we own and operate; or (iii) out of a third-party data center
(including public cloud providers) we contract with for such services.
0 Mediation and Data Management: Our Total Service Mediation (“TSM”) solution provides a comprehensive framework enabling network operators to
achieve maximum efﬁciency with the lowest cost for all interactions between the network and other business support solution applications and related
processes. The TSM framework supports ofﬂine and real-time mediation requirements as well as service activation. Recognized for its high performance and
exceptional throughput, TSM provides the event processing foundation to manage today’s exploding network traffic.
0 Wholesale Settlement and Routing: Our market-leading Wholesale Business Management Solution (“WBMS”) is a comprehensive and powerﬁil settlements
system delivered in either a cloud or stand-alone environment. It handles every kind of trafﬁc — from simple voice to the most advanced data and content
services — in a single, highly-integrated platform. It helps operators around the globe improve profits, meet strict regulatory and audit compliance
requirements, and comply with the broadest range of global standards.
Historically, a substantial percentage of our total revenues have been generated from ACP and Customer Interaction Management solutions. These products and
services are expected to provide a large percentage of our total revenues in the foreseeable future as well.
Business Acquisitions. Our strategy includes acquiring assets and businesses which provide the technology and personnel to expedite our product development efforts,
provide complementary products and services, increase market share, and/or provide access to new markets and clients.
Professional Services. We employ professional services experts globally who bring a wide-ranging expertise — including solution architecture, project management,
systems implementation, and business consultancy — to every project. We apply a proven methodology to each of our engagements, leveraging consistent world-class
processes, best-practice programs, and systemized templates for all engagements.
6