8. Employee Retirement Beneﬁt Plans
Deﬁned Contribution-Type Plans. We sponsor defined contribution plans covering substantially all our U.S.-based employees. Participants may contribute up to 100% of
their annual wages, subject to certain limitations, as pretax, salary deferral contributions. We make certain matching, and at our discretion, service-based contributions to
the plan. The expense related to matching and service-related contributions for 2016, 2015, and 2014 was $9.9 million, $9.7 million, and $9.0 million, respectively. We
also have defined contribution-type plans for certain of our non-U.S.-based employees. The total contributions made to these plans in 2016, 2015, and 2014 were $3.9
million, $3.7 million, and $5.0 million, respectively.
9. Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies
Operating Leases. We lease certain ofﬁce and production facilities under non-cancellable operating leases, with the longest lease that runs through July 2025. The leases
generally are renewable and provide for the payment of real estate taxes and certain other occupancy expenses. Future aggregate minimum lease payments under these
facilities are as follows: 2017 - $13.0 million; 2018 - $12.4 million; 2019 - $10.5 million; 2020 - $7.5 million; 2021 - $7.0 million; and thereafter - $21.6 million. Total
rent expense for 2016, 2015, and 2014 was $14.5 million, $17.1 million, and $19.9 million, respectively.
Service Agreements. We have an agreement with Infocrossing LLC (“Infocrossing”), a Wipro Limited company, to provide us outsourced data center services. We
amended our previous agreement with Infocrossing in 2015, which extended the term of the agreement through June 30, 2022. We outsource the data processing and
related computer services required for the operation of our outsourced ACP solutions. Our ACP proprietary software and other software applications are run in an
outsourced data center environment in order to obtain the necessary computer processing capacity and other computer support services without us having to make the
substantial capital and infrastructure investments that would be necessary for us to provide these services internally. Our clients are connected to the outsourced data
center environment through a combination of private and commercially-provided networks. Our ACP cloud-based solutions are generally considered to be mission
critical customer management systems by our clients. As a result, we are highly dependent upon Infocrossing for system availability, security, and response time.
Warranties. We generally warrant that our solutions and related offerings will conform to published specifications, or to specifications provided in an individual client
arrangement, as applicable. The typical warranty period is 90 days from delivery of the solution or offering. For certain service offerings we provide a limited warranty
for the duration of the services provided. We generally warrant that services will be performed in a professional and workmanlike manner. The typical remedy for breach
of warranty is to correct or replace any defective deliverable, and if not possible or practical, we will accept the return of the defective deliverable and refund the amount
paid under the client arrangement that is allocable to the defective deliverable. Our contracts also generally contain limitation of damages provisions in an effort to reduce
our exposure to monetary damages arising from breach of warranty claims. Historically, we have incurred minimal warranty costs, and as a result, do not maintain a
warranty reserve.
Product and Services Indemniﬁcations. Our arrangements with our clients generally include an indemnification provision that will indemnify and defend a client in
actions brought against the client that claim our products and/or services infringe upon a copyright, trade secret, or valid patent. Historically, we have not incurred any
significant costs related to such indemnification claims, and as a result, do not maintain a reserve for such exposure.
Claims for Company Non-performance. Our arrangements with our clients typically cap our liability for breach to a specified amount of the direct damages incurred by
the client resulting from the breach. From time-to-time, these arrangements may also include provisions for possible liquidated damages or other financial remedies for
our non-performance, or in the case of certain of our outsourced customer care and billing solutions, provisions for damages related to service level performance
requirements. The service level performance requirements typically relate to system availability and timeliness of service delivery. As of December 31, 2016, we believe
we have adequate reserves, based on our historical experience, to cover any reasonably anticipated exposure as a result of our nonperformance for any past or current
arrangements with our clients.
Indemniﬁcations Related to Oﬁ‘icers and the Board of Directors. We have agreed to indemnify members of our Board of Directors (the “Board”) and certain of our
officers if they are named or threatened to be named as a party to any proceeding by reason of the fact that they acted in such capacity. We maintain directors’ and
officers’ (“D&O”) insurance coverage to protect against such losses. We have not historically incurred any losses related to these types of indemnifications, and are not
aware of any pending or threatened actions or claims against any ofﬁcer or member of our Board. As a result, we have not recorded any liabilities related to such
indemnifications as of December 31, 2016. In addition, as a result of the insurance policy coverage, we believe these indemnification agreements are not significant to
our results of operations.
Legal Proceedings. From time-to-time, we are involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business.
65