*** Conﬁdential Treatment Requested and the Redacted Material has been separately ﬁled with the Commission.
is bound, except in the case of clauses (B) and (C) for such Violations or defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect.
(f) SEC Documents; Company Stock Exchange Listing.
(i) The Company is current in its obligations to file and furnish all periodic
reports with the SEC required to be filed or furnished by it under the Exchange Act and any applicable rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. The Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, and any other reports, proxy
statements and information the Company filed with or furnished to the SEC since December 31, 2012 (the “ SECiDocnmentsf), at the
time of their filing or being furnished, (A) did not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
and (B) complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the Securities Act and the respective
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
(ii) The financial statements of the Company (whether audited or unaudited
and including any notes thereto or schedules included therein) included in the SEC Documents (the “ Company Financial Statements ”)
(A) at the time of their filing or being furnished, complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and
the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, (B) were prepared in accordance with US. generally accepted
accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto or as
otherwise permitted by Form 10-Q with respect to any Company Financial Statements filed on Form 10-Q), and (C) fairly presented in all
material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of its operations
and cash ﬂows for the periods then ended.
(iii) The Company is in compliance in all material respects with the
applicable listing rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market and has not received any written notice from the NASDAQ Stock Market asserting
any material non-compliance with such rules.
(iv) Since the date of the audited financial statements of the Company
included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, there has not been any event,
change, occurrence or circumstance that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.
(g) Capitalizationi. As of July 18, 2014, the authorized and outstanding capital stock of the
Company consisted solely of (i) 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 34,091,572 were issued and outstanding, and (ii)
10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.01, of which none of which were issued and outstanding. All outstanding shares of the
Company’s Capital Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Except for (x) shares of Common
Stock reserved and not granted for issuance to employees under existing benefit plans disclosed in the SEC Documents filed publicly with
the SEC prior to the Issue Date, and (y) the Company’s 2010 Convertible Notes due March 1, 2017 as defined and disclosed in the SEC
Documents filed publicly with the SEC prior to the Issue Date, there are no (A) securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable
for shares of the Company’s Capital