circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. A long-lived asset (or group of long-lived assets) is impaired if estimated
future undiscounted cash ﬂows associated with that asset, without consideration of interest, are insufficient to recover the carrying amount of the long-lived asset.
Once deemed impaired, even if by $1, the long-lived asset is written down to its fair value which could be considerably less than the carrying amount or future
undiscounted cash ﬂows. The determination of estimated future cash ﬂows and, if required, the determination of the fair value of a long-lived asset, are by their
nature, highly subjective judgments. Changes to one or more of the assumptions utilized in such an analysis could materially affect our impairment conclusions
for long-lived assets.
Income Taxes. We are required to estimate our income tax liability in each jurisdiction in which we operate, which includes the US. (including both Federal and state
income taxes) and numerous foreign countries.
Various judgments are required in evaluating our income tax positions and determining our provisions for income taxes. During the ordinary course of our business, there
are certain transactions and calculations for which the ultimate income tax determination may be uncertain. In addition, we may be subject to examination of our income
tax returns by various tax authorities which could result in adverse outcomes. For these reasons, we establish a liability associated with unrecognized tax benefits based
on estimates of whether additional taxes and interest may be due. We adjust this liability based upon changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit,
the closing of a tax year upon the expiration of a statute of limitations, or the reﬁnement of an estimate. Should any of the factors considered in determining the adequacy
of this liability change significantly, an adjustment to the liability may be necessary. Because of the potential signiﬁcance of these issues, such an adjustment could be
material.
One of the more complex items within our income tax expense is the determination of our annual research and experimentation income tax credit (“R&D credit”). We
incur approximately $100 million annually in R&D expense. The calculation of the R&D tax credit involves the identification of qualifying projects, and then an
estimation of the qualifying costs for such projects. Because of the size, nature, and the number of projects worked on in any given year, the calculation can become
complex and certain judgments are necessary in determining the amount of the R&D credits claimed.
Loss Contingencies. In the ordinary course of business, we are subject to claims (and potential claims) related to various items including but not limited to the following:
(i) legal and regulatory matters; (ii) client and vendor contracts; (iii) product and service delivery matters; and (iv) labor matters. Accounting and disclosure requirements
for loss contingencies requires us to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments in or outcomes to these matters, as well as the potential ranges of probable losses. A
determination of the amount of reserves for such contingencies, if any, for these contingencies is based on an analysis of the issues, often with the assistance of legal
counsel. The evaluation of such issues, and our ultimate accounting and disclosure decisions, are by their nature, subject to various estimates and highly subjective
judgments. Should any of the factors considered in determining the adequacy of any required reserves change significantly, an adjustment to the reserves may be
necessary. Because of the potential significance of these issues, such an adjustment could be material.
Detailed Discussion of Results of Operations
Total Revenues. Total revenues for: (i) 2016 were $761.0 million, a 1% increase from $752.5 million for 2015; and (ii) 2015 were $752.5 million, a slight increase from
$751.3 million for 2014.
o The 1% year-over-year increase in total revenues between 2016 and 2015 can be attributed to the 5% growth of our cloud and related solutions revenues,
driven primarily from continued conversions of customer accounts onto ACP, and increases in revenues from recurring managed services
arrangements. These increases more than offset the decline in our software and services and maintenance revenues, and negative foreign currency
movements of approximately $5 million.
0 The slight increase in revenues between 2015 and 2014 can be primarily attributed to growth in our cloud and related solutions revenues, offset by
unfavorable foreign currency movements, which had a negative impact to total revenues of approximately $15 million. The grth in our cloud and
related solutions revenues for 2015 was driven largely by the conversions of new customer accounts onto ACP, and the continued revenue growth from
our Ascendon solution and international managed services offering, offset by some of the decreases we experienced in our software and services revenues.
The components of total revenues, discussed in more detail below, are as follows:
27