Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Board of Directors and Stockholders
CSG Systems International, Inc.:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CSG Systems International, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2016 and 2015,
and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the years in the three-year period ended
December 31, 2016. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ﬁnancial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and signiﬁcant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall ﬁnancial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated ﬁnancial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the ﬁnancial position of CSG Systems International, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash ﬂows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31,
2016, in conformity with US. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), CSG Systems International, Inc. ’s internal
control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (C080), and our report dated February 24, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting.
/s/ KPMG LLP
Omaha, Nebraska
February 24, 2017
43