NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. General
CSG Systems International, Inc. (the “Company”, “CSG”, or forms of the pronoun “we”), a Delaware corporation, was formed in October 1994 and is based in
Englewood, Colorado. We are a provider of business support solutions, primarily serving the global communications industry. We have over thirty years of experience
supporting communications service providers’ management of their revenue, customer interactions, and digital ecosystem as they advance their Video, voice, data
content, and digital services to consumers. Over the years, we have focused our research and development (“R&D”) and acquisition investments on expanding our
solution set to address the complex, transformative needs of service providers. We are a S&P SmallCap 600 company.
The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements (“Financial Statements”) are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted (“GAAP”) in
the United States (“US”).
2. Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Principles of Consolidation. Our Financial Statements include all of our accounts and our subsidiaries’ accounts. All material intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated.
Translation of Foreign Currency. Our foreign subsidiaries use the local currency of the countries in which they operate as their functional currency. Their assets and
liabilities are translated into US. dollars at the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Revenues, expenses, and cash ﬂows are translated at the average rates of
exchange prevailing during the period. Foreign currency translation adjustments are included in comprehensive income in stockholders’ equity. Foreign currency
transaction gains and losses are included in the determination of net income.
Use of Estimates in Preparation of Our Financial Statements. The preparation of our Financial Statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our Financial Statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The more critical estimates and related assumptions that affect our
financial position and results of operations are in the areas of: (i) revenue recognition; (ii) impairment assessments of goodwill and other long-lived assets; (iii) income
taxes; and (iv) loss contingencies.
Revenue Recognition. We use various judgments and estimates in connection with the determination of the amount of revenues to be recognized in each accounting
period. Our primary revenue recognition criteria include: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement; (ii) delivery; (iii) ﬁxed or determinable fees; and (iv) collectability of
fees.
CloudandRelatedSolutions.
Our cloud and related solutions revenue relates to: (i) our cloud-based, revenue management and content monetization solutions, and various related services; and (ii) our
managed services offering in which we operate software solutions (primarily our software solutions) on behalf of our clients.
We contract for our cloud-based solutions using long-term arrangements whose terms have typically ranged from three to ten years. The long-term cloud-based
arrangements include multiple services delivered each month, to include such things as: (i) revenue billing and data processing services; (ii) business support services
(e.g., workforce management tools, consumer credit verifications, etc); (iii) content monetization and delivery functions; and (iv) customer statement invoice printing
and mailing services. The fees for these deliverables typically are billed to our clients monthly based upon actual monthly volumes and/or usage of services (e.g., the
number of client customers processed on our systems, the number of transactions processed on our systems, and/or the quantity and content of the monthly statements
and mailings processed through our systems) or on a fixed monthly fee.
We contract for our other related solutions such as managed services using long-term arrangements whose terms have typically ranged from three to five years. Under
managed services agreements, we may operate software products (primarily our software solutions) on behalf of our clients: (i) out of a client’s data center; (ii) out of a
data center we own and operate; or (iii) out of a third-party data center we contract with for such services. Managed services can also include us providing other services,
such as transitional services, fulﬁllment, remittance processing, operational consulting, back office, and end user billing services.
We recognize cloud and related solutions revenue on a monthly basis as we provide the services.
49