*** Conﬁdential Treatment Requested and the Redacted Material has been separately ﬁled with the Commission.
paid and nonassessable all Warrant Shares and, as applicable, all Alternate Consideration that the Holder is entitled to receive upon
exercise of this Warrant.
8. Reservation of Stock . Unless a Fundamental Change has occurred, the Company will at all times reserve and keep
available, solely for the issuance and delivery upon the exercise of this Warrant, such Common Stock and, as applicable, Alternate
Consideration as from time to time shall be issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant. All securities which shall be so issuable, when
issued upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance herewith, shall be duly and validly issued and fully paid and nonassessable, and not
subject to preemptive rights.
9. Replacement of Warrants . Upon delivery by the Holder to the Company of (i) notice of the loss, theft, destruction or
mutilation of this Warrant, and (ii) in the case of loss, theft or destruction, an indemnity agreement in a form and amount reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, or in the case of mutilation, this Warrant, the Company will issue, in lieu thereof, a new Warrant of like
tenor and dated as of the Issue Date.
10. NoiRightsiaSSStockholderi. Until the exercise of this Warrant, the Holder of this Warrant shall not have or exercise
any rights by virtue hereof as a stockholder of the Company (and then only to the extent of such Holder’s ownership of Capital Stock).
11. TransfeL.
(a) Securities Laws . Neither this Warrant nor the Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise hereof have
been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ ,SecuritiesAcL”), or under any state securities laws and, unless so
registered, may not be transferred, sold, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of unless an exemption from such registration is
available, including if this Warrant or the Warrant Shares are sold in accordance with Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or
any successor rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC.
(b) Restrictions on Transfer .
(i) The Holder shall not, directly or indirectly, by operation of law or
otherwise, pledge, sell, encumber, assign, or otherwise transfer all or any unvested portion of this Warrant without the prior written
consent of the Company (which consent shall be in the Company’s sole discretion), other than (A) as part of a transaction in which at
least 50% of the cable systems owned and/or operated by Comcast Corporation and its subsidiaries (as measured by number of
subscribers) are being transferred or (B) to Comcast Corporation (or any successor publicly-held parent company of the Holder) or any
subsidiary thereof ( proxidedjhat, in the event of any sale or other change in control of any such subsidiary to which any unvested portion
of this Warrant has been transferred, other than as part of a transaction described in clause (A), such subsidiary shall be required to
transfer such unvested portion of this Warrant to Comcast Corporation (or any successor publicly-held parent company of the Holder) or
another subsidiary thereof). For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall any transactions in the securities of Comcast Corporation (or
any successor publicly-held parent company of the Holder) constitute a transfer of this Warrant.