The remaining unvested Stock Warrants will be accounted for as client incentive assets in the period the performance conditions necessary for vesting have been
met. As of December 31, 2016, none of the Stock Warrants had been exercised.
In January 2017, Comcast exercised 1.4 million vested Stock Warrants. We net share settled the exercise of the Stock Warrants by delivering approximately 649,000
shares of our common stock that we were holding as treasury shares. After this exercise, approximately 1.5 million Stock Warrants are outstanding, none of which are
vested as of the date of this filing.
Convertible Debt Securities. Under GAAP, convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash upon conversion (including partial cash settlement), which would
include our 2016 Convertible Notes and our 2010 Convertible Notes, must be separated into their liability and equity components at initial recognition by: (i) recording
the liability component at the fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated equity component; and (ii) attributing the remaining proceeds from the
issuance to the equity component. As of December 31, 2016, the carrying amount of the equity component related to our 2016 Convertible Notes was $9.8 million. As of
December 31, 2015, the carrying amount of the equity component related to our 2010 Convertible Notes was $22.9 million. Beginning September 1, 2016, the holders of
the 2010 Convertible Notes can elect to convert their securities at any time, with settlement occurring on March 1, 2017. Accordingly, at December 31, 2016, we
classified the difference between the principal amount payable in cash upon conversion and the total settlement value of the 2010 Convertible Notes of $39.8 million as
current portion of long-term debt conversion obligation on our Balance Sheet, outside of stockholders’ equity (see Note 5).
11. Equity Compensation Plans
Stock Incentive Plans
Stock Incentive Plan . Our stockholders have approved the issuance of 18.7 million shares under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2005 Plan”). Shares reserved under
the 2005 Plan can be granted to ofﬁcers and other key employees of our company and its subsidiaries and to non-employee directors of our company in the form of stock
options, stock appreciation rights, performance unit awards, restricted stock awards, or stock bonus awards. Shares granted under the 2005 Plan in the form of a
performance unit award, restricted stock award, or stock bonus award are counted toward the aggregate number of shares of common stock available for issuance under
the 2005 Plan as two shares for every one share granted or issued in payment of such award. As of December 31, 2016, 3.6 million shares were available for issuance,
with 3.1 million shares available for grant.
Restricted Stock. We generally issue new shares (versus treasury shares) to fulﬁll restricted stock award grants. Restricted stock awards are granted at no cost to the
recipient. Historically, our restricted stock awards have vested annually primarily over three or four years with no restrictions other than the passage of time (i.e., the
shares are released upon calendar vesting with no further restrictions) (“Time-Based Awards”). Unvested Time-Based Awards are typically forfeited and cancelled upon
termination of employment with our company. Certain Time-Based Awards become fully vested (vesting accelerates) upon a change in control, as deﬁned, and the
subsequent involuntary termination of employment. The fair value of the Time-Based Awards (determined by using the closing market price of our common stock on the
grant date) is charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award.
We also issue restricted stock shares to key members of management that vest in equal installments over three years upon meeting either pre-established ﬁnancial
performance objectives or pre-established stock price objectives (“Performance-Based Awards”). The structure of the performance goals for the Performance-Based
Awards has been approved by our stockholders. The Performance-Based Awards become fully vested (vesting accelerates) upon a change in control, as deﬁned, and the
subsequent involuntary termination of employment. The fair value of the Performance-Based Awards (determined by using the closing market price of our common stock
on the grant date) is charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, taking into consideration the probability of vesting, for each separately
vesting portion of the award as if the award is, in—substance, multiple awards.
67