There is an inherent risk in the successful development, implementation, conversion , integr ation, and operation of our solutions as the technological complexities, and
the pace at which we must deliver these solutions to market, continue to increase. The risk of making an error that causes significant operational disruption to a client, or
resul ts in incorrect customer or vendor data processing that we perform on behalf of our clients, increases proportionately with the frequency and complexity of changes
to our solutions and new delivery models. There can be no assurance: (i) of continued market acceptance of our solutions; (ii) that we will be successful in the
development of enhancements or new solutions that respond to technological advances or changing client needs at the pace the market demands; or (iii) that we will be
successful in support ing the implementation, conversion , integration, and/or operations of enhancements or new solutions.
A Reduction in Demand for Our Key Business Support Solutions Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Financial Position and Results of Operations.
Historically, a substantial percentage of our total revenues have been generated from our core cloud-based product, ACP, and related solutions. These solutions are
expected to continue to provide a large percentage of our total revenues in the foreseeable future. Any significant reduction in demand for ACP and related solutions
could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. Likewise, a large percentage of revenues derived from our software license and
services business have been derived from wholesale billing, retail billing and mediation products which are typically associated with large implementation projects. A
sudden downward shift in demand for these products or for our professional services associated with these products could have a material adverse effect on our ﬁnancial
position and results of operations.
Failure to Attract and Retain Our Key Management and Other Highly Skilled Personnel Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Business.
Our future success depends in large part on the continued service of our key management, sales, product development, professional services, and operational personnel.
We believe that our future success also depends on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical, managerial, operational, and sales and marketing personnel,
including, in particular, personnel in the areas of R&D, professional services, and technical support. Competition for qualified personnel at times can be intense,
particularly in the areas of R&D, conversions, software implementations, and technical support. This risk is heightened with a widely dispersed customer base and
employee populations. For these reasons, we may not be successful in attracting and retaining the personnel we require, which could have a material adverse effect on our
ability to meet our commitments and new product delivery objectives.
Variability of Our Quarterly Revenues and Our Failure to Meet Revenue and Earnings Expectations Would Negatively Affect the Market Price of Our Common
Stock.
From time to time, we may experience variability in quarterly revenues and operating results. Common causes of failure to meet revenue and operating expectations
include, among others:
0 Inability to close and/or recognize revenue on certain transactions in the period originally anticipated;
0 Delays in renewal of multiple or individually significant agreements;
o Inability to renew existing arrangements at anticipated rates;
0 Delays in timing of initiation and/or implementation of significant projects or arrangements;
0 Inability to meet client expectations materially within our cost estimates;
0 Changes in spending and investment levels;
0 Foreign currency ﬂuctuations; and
0 Economic and political conditions.
Should we fail to meet our revenue and earnings expectations of the investment community, by even a relatively small amount, it would most likely have a
disproportionately negative impact upon the market price of our common stock.
Our International Operations Subject Us to Additional Risks.
We currently conduct a portion of our business outside the US. We are subject to certain risks associated with operating internationally including the following items:
0 Product development not meeting local requirements;
0 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates for which a natural or purchased hedge does not exist or is ineffective;
0 Stafﬁng and managing foreign operations;
0 Longer sales cycles for new contracts;
1 1