6. Restructuring and Reorganization Charges
Restructuring and reorganization charges are expenses that generally result from cost reduction initiatives and/or significant changes to our business, to include such
things as involuntary employee terminations, changes in management structure, divestitures of businesses, facility consolidations and abandonments, impairment of
acquired intangible assets, and fundamental reorganizations impacting operational focus and direction. The following are the key restructuring and reorganizational
activities we incurred over the last three years that have impacted our results from operations:
During 2014 we implemented the following restructuring and reorganization activities:
0 In conjunction with the reorganization of our Content Direct solution to facilitate its integration with our other offerings, we terminated an incentive
arrangement with certain employees to develop and then grow our Content Direct solution (the “Arrangement”) in exchange for a one-time cash payment of
$8.0 million, which was reﬂected as a reorganization charge in 2014. The Arrangement included certain liquidation options for the employees in the event of a
change of control of the Content Direct solution.
0 We reduced our workforce by approximately 60 employees worldwide, to further align our workforce around our near- and long-term business
opportunities. As a result, we recorded restructuring expense of $5.6 million.
0 We abandoned space at two of our locations to improve our space utilization, resulting in a restructuring charge of $1 .1 million.
During 2015 we implemented the following restructuring activities:
0 We reduced our workforce by approximately 160 employees worldwide. These actions were primarily taken to consolidate delivery centers and better align
our spending levels with our revenue opportunities. We incurred restructuring charges related to these involuntary terminations of $4.5 million. These actions
also led to the discontinuance of certain non-essential products, resulting in an asset impairment charge of $1.7 million.
0 We abandoned space at five of our locations as a result of workforce reductions and improvements in our space utilization, resulting in restructuring charges
of $1.2 million.
0 We entered into an agreement (the “Agreement”) with certain former management personnel for the sale of our cyber-security business marketed under the
Invotas brand, resulting in a reduction in restructuring charges of $3.7 million related to the gain on the sale.
During 2016 we implemented the following restructuring activities:
0 We reduced our workforce by approximately 60 employees, primarily in North America, as a result of organizational changes and the realignment of our
workforce. As a result, we incurred restructuring charges of $7.2 million.
0 In 2016, the cyber—security business we sold in 2015 was acquired by a third-party. Based on the terms of the Agreement, we received additional
consideration contingent upon a liquidation event, as defined in the Agreement. This resulted in an additional gain on the sale of $6.6 million in the first
quarter of 2016, which reduced restructuring and reorganization charges.
The activities discussed above resulted in total charges for 2016, 2015, and 2014 of $0.4 million, $3.1 million, and $14.0 million, respectively, which have been reﬂected
as a separate line item in our Income Statements.
6 1