John L. M Hughes
Mr. Hughes, 65, was appointed to the Board in March 2011. Mr. Hughes previously served as Chairman of the Board for Intec Telecom Systems plc for nearly six years
until it was acquired by us in 2010. Mr. Hughes currently serves as Chairman of the Board for Just-Eat Group plc and Spectris plc, and for privately-held IQSA Group.
He is also a Director on the boards for Equinix, Inc. and privately-held Scorpion Ventures Limited. During the past five years, Mr. Hughes was formerly a Director on
the boards of the public companies of Sepura plc, Telecity Group plc, and Vitec Group plc. Mr. Hughes has been an advisor to Oakley Corporate Finance since 2012 and
previously served as an advisor to Advent International, a private equity fund, from 2008 to 2011. Prior to his board positions, from 2000 to 2004, Mr. Hughes served as
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for Thales Group, a European provider of complex systems for the defense, aerospace, and commercial markets.
Prior to 2000, he served as President of GSM/UMTS Wireless Networks of Lucent Technologies, and as a Director of Convex Global Field Operations and Vice
President and Managing Director of Convex Europe, a division of Hewlett—Packard Company. Mr. Hughes holds a BS. degree in Electrical and Electronic Engineering
from the Hatﬁeld Polytechnic (now the University of Hertfordshire).
Janice I. Obuchowski
Ms. Obuchowski, 65, was elected to the Board in November 1997. Ms. Obuchowski is the founder and President of Freedom Technologies, Inc., a research and
consulting ﬁrm providing public policy, strategic, and engineering advice to companies in the communications sector, government agencies, and international clients, a
position she has held since 1992. In 2003, Ms. Obuchowski was appointed by President George W. Bush to serve as Ambassador and Head of the US. Delegation to the
World Radiocommunication Conference. She has served as Assistant Secretary for Communications and Information at the Department of Commerce and Administrator
for the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (“NTIA”) and as the head of international government relations at NYNEX Corporation. She also
has served on several non-profit and other publicly traded company boards. She holds a JD. degree from Georgetown University and a BA. degree from Wellesley
College, and also attended the University of Paris.
Frank V. Sica
Mr. Sica, 66, has served as a director of the Company since its formation in 1994. Mr. Sica is currently a Managing Partner of Tailwind Capital. From 2004 to 2005,
Mr. Sica was a Senior Advisor to Soros Private Funds Management. From 2000 until 2003, he was President of Soros Private Funds Management, where he oversaw the
direct real estate and private equity investment activities of Soros. In 1998, he joined Soros Fund Management where he was a Managing Director responsible for Soros’
private equity investments. Mr. Sica was previously Managing Director for Morgan Stanley Merchant Banking Division. He currently serves as a Director on the boards
of J etBlue Airways, Kohl’s Corporation, and Safe Bulkers, Inc. Mr. Sica holds a MBA. degree from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College and a BA.
degree from Wesleyan University.
Donald V. Smith
Mr. Smith, 74, was elected to the Board in January 2002. Mr. Smith is presently retired. Previously, he served as Senior Managing Director of Houlihan Lokey
Howard & Zukin, Inc., an international investment banking firm with whom he had been associated from 1988 through 2009, and where he served on the board of
directors. From 1978 to 1988, he served as Principal with Morgan Stanley & Co. Inc., where he headed the company’s valuation and reorganization services. He also
serves on the board of directors of several non-proﬁt organizations. Mr. Smith holds a MBA. degree from the Wharton Graduate School of the University of
Pennsylvania and a BS. degree from the United States Naval Academy.
James A. Unruh
Mr. Unruh, 76, was elected to the Board in June 2005. Mr. Unruh became a founding Principal of Alerion Capital Group, LLC (a private equity investment company) in
1998 and currently holds such position. Mr. Unruh was an executive with Unisys Corporation from 1987 to 1997, including serving as its Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer from 1990 to 1997. From 1982 to 1986, Mr. Unruh held various executive positions, including Senior Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer with
Burroughs Corporation, a predecessor of Unisys Corporation. Prior to 1982, Mr. Unruh was Chief Financial Ofﬁcer with Memorex Corporation and also held various
executive positions with Fairchild Camera and Instrument Corporation, including Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Unruh currently serves as Director on the board of Tenet
Healthcare Corporation, and formerly served as Director on the boards for Prudential Financial, Inc. and CenturyLink, Inc. during the past five years. He holds a MBA.
degree from the University of Denver and a BS. degree from the University of Jamestown.
17