services ecosystem that extends beyond the traditional Video, entertainment, and content services and offer everything from e-books to health care monitoring
services, thereby increasing thei r ecosystem and revenue management complexity.
0 Finally, the last trend relates to an increased pressure for CSPs to find new revenue sources, while also managing their cost structure and quality of service
delivery during their business transformation. CSPs are seeing a decline in revenues and profits associated with their traditional services like wireline voice
and video as a result of new or increased competition. In order to offset these declining revenues and profits, CSPs are looking for ways to improve their cost
structure, grow through acquisitions, and launch new, revenue generating services with minimal capital investment. The result is many CSPs are cutting costs
associated with their traditional systems, integrating disparate acquired business operations, and launching new digital services with highly-ﬂexible, lower
cost solutions.
Overall, these market trends drive the demand for scalable, ﬂexible, and cost-efficient revenue and customer interaction management solutions, which we believe will
provide us with revenue opportunities. As a result, we have historically invested a significant amount of our revenues in R&D and have acquired companies that enable
us to expand our offerings in a timely and efficient manner. We believe that our scalable, modular, and ﬂexible solutions combined with our rich domain expertise
provide the industry with proven solutions to improve their profitability and consumers’ experiences. We have specifically architected our solutions to provide operators
with an incremental approach to transforming their businesses, thereby reducing the risk associated with this evolution.
Market Conditions of the Communications Industry. As the majority of our clients operate within the global communications industry sector, the economic state of this
industry directly impacts our business. The global communications industry has undergone significant ﬂuctuations in growth rates and capital investment cycles over the
past several years due to multiple competitive and economic factors. Current economic indices suggest a stabilization of the industry, but it is impossible to predict
whether this stabilization will persist or be subject to future instability. In addition, industry consolidation continues as CSPs look for ways to expand their product
offerings, extend their market share, increase their revenues, and gain greater scale efficiencies in their operations.
The impact of these market factors has resulted in spending cautiousness with large transformational projects being displaced in favor of more incremental changes to
business operations. Globally, mature operators are looking for ways to differentiate competitive offerings, foster customer loyalty, effectively control costs, streamline
operations, and scale business operations, while operators in emerging markets are focusing on capitalizing on the rapid growth of new digital services and the explosion
of connected devices. Regardless of the specific situation, companies continue to have an increased focus on investing in those solutions and services that have a
demonstrable short-term return on investment, generate new revenues, and help businesses remain competitive and meet rapidly changing consumer demands.
Business Strategy
Our goal is to be the most trusted provider of world-class cloud and software-based solutions to service providers around the globe who depend upon the timely and
accurate processing of complex, high-volume transactions to operate their business and deliver a superior customer experience. We believe that by successfully executing
on this goal we can grow our revenues and earnings, and therefore, create long-term value for our clients, employees, and stockholders. Our strategic focus to accomplish
this goal is as follows:
Expand Our Leadership Position in Cable and Satellite Markets. While we have a dominant market share position in the North American cable and satellite
business already, we believe that we can expand this share further. Over the past year, we advanced our progress with this initiative with continued subscriber
conversions to our platforms and extending our domain expertise and products globally.
Create More Long-Term, Recurring Relationships Within the Communications Industry . Our relentless, relationship-driven, customer-focused business approach
is built on a foundation of respect, integrity, and collaboration. As a result, we enjoy long-term relationships with many of the world’s leading CSPs based on a
true partnership aimed at helping providers enable sustainable growth, create efficiencies, and deliver differentiated services to their customers. We have seen
successful adoption of our managed services approach with global CSPs based upon our compelling value proposition and proven track record.
Expand Our Product and Services Portfolio Through Continuous Innovation. We believe that our product technology, cloud-based solutions, and pre-integrated
suite of solutions give service providers a competitive advantage. Our solutions allow providers to effectively manage their traditional businesses while being able
to also quickly deliver new digital services directly to consumers with a modern, personalized, branded experience driving customer satisfaction, and loyalty. We
continually add new, relevant capabilities to what we do as a company, both in terms of our people and our solutions. By doing this, we build very strong
recurring relationships which are difficult for our competitors to displace.
4