2022Cm1,uentilzle Notes
Beginning September 1, 2016, holders of the 2010 Convertible Notes can elect to convert their securities at any time with settlement occurring on March
1, 2017. Upon any conversion of the 2010 Convertible Notes, we will settle our conversion obligation as follows: (i) we are required to pay cash for
100% of the par value of the 2010 Convertible Notes that are converted; and (ii) to the extent the value of our conversion obligation exceeds the par value
we will satisfy the remaining conversion obligation in our common stock. On March 1, 2017, we will cash settle $34.7 million par value of the 2010
Convertible Notes and pay approximately $0.5 million of interest. The difference between the par value payable in cash upon conversion and the total
settlement value of the 2010 Convertible Notes of $39.8 million will be settled with common stock. The ﬁnal settlement amount is based upon a 20-day
observation period of our stock price through February 24, 2017.
20,157CneditAgeem ent
Our 2015 Credit Agreement mandatory repayments and the cash interest expense (based upon current interest rates) for 2017 is $15.0 million, and $4.1
million, respectively. We have the ability to make prepayments on our 2015 Credit Agreement without penalty.
Our long-term debt obligations are discussed in more detail in Note 5 to our Financial Statements.
In summary, we expect to continue to have material needs for capital resources going forward, as noted above. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and
short-term investments balances and our 2015 Revolver, together with cash expected to be generated in the future from our current operating activities, will be sufficient
to meet our anticipated capital resource requirements for at least the next 12 months. We also believe we could obtain additional capital through other debt sources which
may be available to us if deemed appropriate.
I tem 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. As of December 31, 2016, we are exposed to various market risks, including
changes in interest rates, ﬂuctuations and changes in the market value of our cash equivalents and short-term investments, and changes in foreign currency exchange
rates. We have not historically entered into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.
Interest Rate Risk
Long-Term Debt. The interest rate on our 2016 Convertible Notes and our 2010 Convertible Notes is ﬁxed, and thus, as it relates to our convertible debt borrowings, we
are not exposed to changes in interest rates.
The interest rates under our Credit Agreement are based upon an adjusted LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin, or an alternate base rate plus an applicable margin.
Refer to Note 5 to our Financial Statements for further details of our long-term debt.
A hypothetical adverse change of 10% in the December 31, 2016 adjusted LIBOR rate would not have had a material impact upon our results of operations.
Market Risk
Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments. Our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 were $126.4 million and $132.6 million, respectively.
Certain of our cash balances are “swept” into overnight money market accounts on a daily basis, and at times, any excess funds are invested in low-risk, somewhat longer
term, cash equivalent instruments and short-term investments. Our cash equivalents are invested primarily in institutional money market funds, commercial paper, and
time deposits held at major banks. We have minimal market risk for our cash and cash equivalents due to the relatively short maturities of the instruments.
Our short-term investments as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 were $150.1 million and $108.3 million, respectively. Currently, we utilize short-term investments as a
means to invest our excess cash only in the US. The day-to-day management of our short-term investments is performed by a large financial institution in the US, using
strict and formal investment guidelines approved by our Board. Under these guidelines, short-term investments are limited to certain acceptable investments with: (i) a
maximum maturity; (ii) a maximum concentration and diversification; and (iii) a minimum acceptable credit quality. At this time, we believe we have minimal liquidity
risk associated with the short-term investments included in our portfolio.
Long-Term Debt. The fair value of our convertible debt is exposed to market risk. We do not carry our convertible debt at fair value but present the fair value for
disclosure purposes (see Note 2 to our Financial Statements). Generally, the fair value of our convertible
38