*** Conﬁdential Treatment Requested and the Redacted Material has been separately ﬁled with the Commission.
((1) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action
or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be
exercised on the next succeeding day that is a Business Day.
(e) Change or Waiver . Any term of this Warrant may be changed or waived only by an
instrument in writing signed by the party against which enforcement of the change or waiver is sought.
(f) Successors and Assignsi. The rights and obligations of the Company set forth herein may
not be assigned or delegated by the Company without the prior written consent of the Holder. Subject to the restrictions on transferability
set forth in Section 11 hereof, the rights and obligations of the Holder set forth herein may be assigned or delegated by the Holder without
the prior written consent of the Company. Subject to the foregoing, this Warrant and the rights evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the successors of the Company and the permitted successors and assigns of the Holder hereof The provisions of
this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of all Holders from time to time of this Warrant and to the extent applicable, all Holders of
Warrant Shares issued upon the exercise hereof (including transferees), and shall be enforceable only by such Holders.
(g) Severability . The provisions of this Warrant shall be deemed severable and the invalidity
or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof. If any provision of this
Warrant, or the application of such provision to any Person or any circumstance, is invalid or unenforceable, (i) a suitable and equitable
provision shall be substituted therefor in order to carry out, so far as may be valid and enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid
or unenforceable provision and (ii) the remainder of this Warrant and the application of such provision to other Persons or circumstances
shall not be affected by such invalidity or unenforceability, nor shall such invalidity or unenforceability affect the validity or
enforceability of such provision, or the application of such provision, in any other jurisdiction.
(h) Construction. Unless the express context otherwise requires:
(i) the words “hereof,” “herein,” and “hereunder” and words of similar
import, when used in this Warrant, shall refer to this Warrant as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Warrant;
(ii) any singular forms of nouns, pronouns and verbs use herein shall
include the plural, and vice versa',
(iii) any references herein to any gender include each other gender,
(iv) any references herein to “$” are to United States Dollars;
(V) any references herein to the Preamble shall refer to the preamble to this
Warrant, and any references herein to a specific Section shall refer to such section of this Warrant;