effective for annual and interim reporting periods in ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. An entity may choose to adopt this
ASU either retrospectively or through a cumulative effect adjustment as of the start of the ﬁrst period for which it applies the standard.
We are currently evaluating the impact this ASU will have to our accounting policies, business processes and potential differences in the timing and/or method of
revenue recognition for our customer contracts. In conjunction with this evaluation, we are updating our policies to align with the new accounting guidance as well as
evaluating our significant customer contracts to determine if the guidance will materially impact our existing portfolio of customer contracts. In addition, we will review
new contracts entered into up until the adoption of the ASU. Based upon our initial evaluations, the adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on
our consolidated ﬁnancial statements. We currently intend to adopt the ASU in the first quarter of 2018, utilizing the cumulative effect approach.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). This ASU requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a right-to-use asset for all leases,
including operating leases, with a term greater than twelve months on its balance sheet. This ASU is effective in annual and interim periods in ﬁscal years beginning
after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted, and requires a modified retrospective transition method. We are currently in the process of evaluating the
impact this ASU will have on our Financial Statements. Currently, we plan to early adopt this ASU in the first quarter of 2018. Based on our initial evaluations, we
believe the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our consolidated balance sheet.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation — Stock Compensation (Topic 718). This ASU simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-
based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash
ﬂows. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The methods of adoption for this ASU vary by
amendment. We plan to adopt this ASU in the ﬁrst quarter of 2017, prospectively applying the guidance related to the recognition of excess tax beneﬁts and tax
deficiencies in the income statement and the presentation of excess tax beneﬁts on the statement of cash ﬂows. We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a
material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16, Income Taxes (Topic 740) Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory . This ASU requires entities to
recognize at the transaction date the income tax consequences of intercompany asset transfers. This ASU is effective in annual and interim periods in fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted, and requires a modified retrospective transition method. We are currently in the process of evaluating
the impact that this new guidance will have on our Financial Statements.
3. Segment Reporting and Signiﬁcant Concentration
Segment Information. We have evaluated how our chief operating decision maker has organized our company for purposes of making operating decisions and assessing
performance, and have concluded that as of December 31, 2016, we have one reportable segment.
Products and Services. Our products and services help companies with complex transaction-centric business models manage the opportunities and challenges associated
with accurately capturing, managing, generating, and optimizing the revenue associated with the immense volumes of customer interactions and then manage the intricate
nature of those customer relationships. Our core billing and customer care platform, Advanced Convergent Platform (“ACP”), is a pre-integrated cloud-based platform.
We generate a substantial percentage of our revenues by providing our ACP cloud-based and customer interaction management solutions, and related software products
(e. g., Advanced Customer Service Representative, Workforce Express, etc.) to the North American cable and satellite markets. Our next-generation solution, Ascendon, a
SaaS-based, cloud platform, that provides a trusted path to digital transformation. Additionally, we license certain software products (e. g., WBMS, TSM, and
Singleview) and provide our professional services to implement, conﬁgure, and maintain these software products, and allow clients to effectively roll out new products as
well as attract and retain customers. We also provide our software solutions under managed services arrangements, where we assume long-term responsibility for
delivering our solutions and related operations under a defined scope and speciﬁed service levels.
54