The initial sale of our software products generally requires significant production, modification or customization and thus falls under the guidelines of contract
accounting. In these software license arrangements, the software license and professional services elements of the arrangement fee are typically combined and subject to
contract accounting using the percentage-of-completion (“POC”) method of accounting. Under the POC method of accounting, software license and professional services
revenues are typically recognized as the professional services related to the software implementation project are performed. We are using hours performed on the project
as the measure to det ermine the percentage of the work completed.
A portion of our professional services revenues does not include an element of software delivery (e.g., business consulting services, etc.), and thus, do not fall within the
scope of specific authoritative accounting literature for software arrangements. In these cases, revenues from fixed-price, professional service contracts are recognized
using a method consistent with the proportional performance method, which is relatively consistent with our POC methodology. Under a proportional performance
model, revenue is recognized by allocating revenue between reporting periods based on relative service provided in each reportng period, and costs are generally
recognized as incurred. We utilize an input-based approach (i.e., hours worked) for purposes of measuring performance on these types of contracts. Our input measure is
considered a reasonable surrogate for an output measure. In instances when the work performed on fixed price agreements is of relatively short duration, or if we are
unable to make reasonably dependable estimates at the outset of the arrangement, we use the completed contract method of accounting whereby revenue is recognized
when the work is completed.
Our use of the POC and proportional performance methods of accounting on professional services engagements requires estimates of the total project revenues, total
project costs and the expected hours necessary to complete a project. Changes in estimates as a result of additional information or experience on a project as work
progresses are inherent characteristics of the POC and proportional performance methods of accounting as we are exposed to various business risks in completing these
engagements. The estimation process to support these methods of accounting is more difficult for projects of greater length and/or complexity. The judgments and
estimates made in this area could: (i) have a significant effect on revenues recognized in any period by changing the amount and/or the timing of the revenue recognized;
and/or (ii) impact the expected profitability of a project, including whether an overall loss on an arrangement has occurred. To mitigate the inherent risks in using the
POC and proportional performance methods of accounting, we track our performance on projects and reevaluate the appropriateness of our estimates as part of our
monthly accounting cycle.
Revenues are recognized only if we determine that the collection of the fees included in an arrangement is considered probable (i.e., we expect the client to pay all
amounts in full when invoiced). In making our determination of collectability for revenue recognition purposes, we consider a number of factors depending upon the
specific aspects of an arrangement, which may include, but is not limited to, the following items: (i) an assessment of the client’s specific credit worthiness, evidenced by
its current financial position and/or recent operating results, credit ratings, and/or a bankruptcy filing status (as applicable); (ii) the client’s current accounts receivable
status and/or its historical payment patterns with us (as applicable); (iii) the economic condition of the industry in which the client conducts the majority of its business;
and/or (iv) the economic conditions and/or political stability of the country or region in which the client is domiciled and/or conducts the majority of its business. The
evaluation of these factors, and the ultimate determination of collectability, requires significant judgments to be made by us. The judgments made in this area could have
a significant effect on revenues recognized in any period by changing the amount and/or the timing of the revenue recognized.
Impairment Assessments of Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets.
Gaodwill,. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment on an annual basis. We have elected to do our annual test for possible impairment as of July 31 of
each year. In addition to this annual requirement, goodwill is required to be evaluated for possible impairment on a periodic basis (e. g., quarterly) if events occur
or circumstances change that could indicate a possible impairment may have occurred. Goodwill is considered impaired if the carrying value of the reporting unit,
which includes the goodwill, is greater than the estimated fair value of the reporting unit. If it is determined that an impairment has occurred, an impairment loss
(equal to the excess of the carrying value of the goodwill over its estimated fair value) is recorded.
As of July 31, 2016, we had goodwill of approximately $208 million, which was assigned to a single reporting unit. Since we had only a single reporting unit, we
used our public market capitalization as our primary means to estimate the fair value for that single reporting unit. Since our market capitalization exceeded the
carrying value of our single reporting unit by a significant margin, we concluded there was no impairment of goodwill.
We believe that our approach for testing our goodwill for impairment was appropriate. However, if we experience a significant drop in our market capitalization
due to company performance, and/or broader market conditions, it may result in an impairment loss. If a goodwill impairment was to be recorded in the future, it
would likely materially impact our results of operations in the period such impairment is recognized, but such an impairment charge would be a non-cash
expense, and therefore would have no impact on our cash ﬂows, or on the financial position of our company.
QZLheLLatglLuedAssets.,Long-lived assets other than goodwill, which for us relates primarily to property and equipment, software, and client contracts, are
required to be evaluated for possible impairment whenever events or changes in
26