Deliver On Our Commitments. Our products and services are business critical. We help our clients manage the entire customer lifecycle, from acquisition to
servicing to billing for their end customers. As a result, it is imperative that we deliver on our commitments. For over 30 years, we have been helping blue-chip c
ompanies manage periods of explosive and sustained market growth and change — helping them drive revenues, improve their profitability, and deliver positive
customer experiences. Our track record of doing what we say we are going to do has enabled us to be a trusted advisor and integral member of our clients’
operations .
Bring New Skills and Talents to Market. In order to help our clients manage the rapid pace of change in the communications industry, we invest in our people so
that they are prepared to bring the highest quality technical skills, interpersonal skills, and managerial skills to our business and our clients.
In summary, we are focused on helping our clients compete more effectively and successfully in an ever-changing market.
Description of Business
Key Clients . We work with the leading communication providers located around the world. A partial list of those service providers as of December 31, 2016 is included
below:
America Movil Mediacom Communications l
Bell Cﬂada TV MTN
Bharti Airtel Singtel 1
Cable One Inc. TelefOnica
Charter Communications, Inc. (“Charter”) Telstra 1
9191999? Corpgetion (“Comeasii’L Ygigon
DISH Network Corporation (“DISH”) Vodafone l
Hutchinson Whampoa 3G
The North American communications industry has experienced signiﬁcant consolidation over the past decade, resulting in a large percentage of the market being served
by a limited number of service providers with greater size and scale, and there are possibilities of further consolidation, illustrated by the acquisition of Time Warner
Cable, Inc. (“Time Warner”) by Charter. Consistent with this market concentration and our heritage in serving the North American cable and satellite markets, a large
percentage of our historical revenues have been generated from our three largest clients, as shown in the table below. Clients that represented 10% or more of our
revenues for 2016 and 2015 were as follows (in millions, except percentages):
2016 2015
I Amount _ % of Revenues _ Amount _ % of Revenues
Comcast $ 195 26% $ 177 24%
Charter/Time Warner (combined for all periods) 160 21% 155 21%
DISH 102 13% 107 14% 1
See the Significant Client Relationships section of our MD&A for additional information regarding our business relationships with these key clients.
Research and Development . Our clients around the world are facing competition from new entrants and at the same time, are deploying new services at a rapid pace and
dramatically increasing the complexity of their business operations. Therefore, we continue to make meaningful investments in R&D to ensure that we stay ahead of our
clients’ needs and advance our clients’ businesses as well as our own. We recognize these challenges and believe our value proposition is to provide solutions that help
our clients ensure that each customer interaction is an opportunity to create value and deepen the business relationship. As a result of our R&D efforts, we have
broadened our footprint within our client base with many new innovative product offerings.
Our total R&D expenses for 2016 and 2015 were $98.7 million and $102.0 million, respectively, or approximately 13% and 14%, respectively, of our total revenues.
We anticipate the level of R&D investment to trend up due to the heightened level of our planned investments for 2017.
There are certain inherent risks associated with signiﬁcant technological innovations. Some of these risks are described in this report in our Risk Factors section below.
5