I tem 3. Legal Proceedings
From time-to-time, we are involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. In the opinion of our management, we
are not presently a party to any material pending or threatened legal proceedings.
I tem 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
*9:9c*9:9c*9:*9:9c*9:9c*9:*9:9c*9:9c*9:*9:9c*9:9c*9:*9:9c*9:9c*9:*9:9c*9:9c*9:*9:9c*9:9c*9:*9:9c*9:9c*9:*9:9c*9:9c*9:*kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Executive Ofﬁcers of the Registrant
Our executive officers are Bret C. Griess (President and Chief Executive Officer), Randy R. Wiese (Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer), Brian A.
Shepherd (Executive Vice President and President Broadband, Cable and Satellite), and Kenneth M. Kennedy (Executive Vice President, Product Development). We
have employment agreements with each of the executive ofﬁcers.
Bret C. Griess
President and Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Griess, 48, serves as our President and Chief Executive Officer. He joined CSG in 1996 and held a variety of positions in Operations and Information Technology,
until being appointed Executive Vice President of Operations in February 2009, Chief Operating Officer in March 2011, and President in June 2015. In January 2016,
Mr. Griess was appointed President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and a member of our Board. Prior to joining CSG, Mr. Griess was Genesis Product Manager with Chief
Automotive Systems from 1995 to 1996, and an information systems analyst with the Air Force from 1990 to 1995. Mr. Griess holds a MA. degree in Management and a
BS. degree in Management from Bellevue University in Nebraska, an A.A.S. degree from the Community College of the Air Force, and an AS. degree in Business
Administration from Eastern Florida State College, formerly Brevard Community College.
Randy R. Wiese
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
Mr. Wiese, 57, serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for CSG. Mr. Wiese joined CSG in 1995 as Controller and later served as Chief
Accounting Officer. He was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer in April 2006. Prior to joining CSG, he was manager of audit and business
advisory services and held other accounting-related positions at Arthur Andersen & Co. Mr. Wiese is a member of the AICPA and the Nebraska Society of Certified
Public Accountants. He holds a BS. degree in Accounting from the University of Nebraska-Omaha.
Kenneth M Kennedy
Executive Vice President, Product Development
Mr. Kennedy, 47, became Executive Vice President of Product Development in March 2016. In this role, he defines CSG’s product and technology roadmap while
aligning the company’s technical vision with its business strategy. Mr. Kennedy is responsible for the definition, development and operations of CSG’s software
solutions. Prior to this role, he served as CSG’S Chief Technology Ofﬁcer and Senior Vice President of Product Management, Development and Operations from 2006 to
2016, managing CSG’s software development organization and implementing technology initiatives for CSG’s product offerings. Prior to his role at CSG, Mr. Kennedy
was one of the original founders of Telution where he served as Vice President of Software Development and Professional Services from 1998 to 2006. Prior to Telution,
Mr. Kennedy worked at Andersen Consulting where he was responsible for developing highly-scalable distributed software solutions for the manufacturing, financial
services, and communications industries. Mr. Kennedy received a Bachelor of Business Administration and Management Information Systems from the University of
Notre Dame.
Brian A. Shepherd
Executive Vice President and President, Global Broadband, Cable and Satellite Business
Mr. Shepherd, 49, serves as Executive Vice President and President of Global Broadband, Cable and Satellite Business for CSG. He joined CSG in 2016 to focus on
accelerating the growth and strategic direction of CSG’S global broadband, cable and direct broadcast satellite business, where CSG has served as a trusted partner to the
largest companies in the industry for more than 30 years. Mr.
15