*** Conﬁdential Treatment Requested and the Redacted Material has been separately ﬁled with the Commission.
exception in this clause (vi) shall not prevent or otherwise affect a determination that any change, effect, circumstance or development
underlying such failure that is not otherwise excluded pursuant to this definition has resulted in, or contributed to, a Material Adverse
Effect;
(vii) a decline in the price or trading volume of the Warrant Shares on the NASDAQ Stock
Market, proxidedithat the exception in this clause (vii) shall not prevent or otherwise affect a determination that any change, effect,
circumstance or development underlying such failure that is not otherwise excluded pursuant to this definition has resulted in, or
contributed to, a Material Adverse Effect, or
(viii) any reduction in the credit rating of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; provided that the
exception in this clause (viii) shall not prevent or otherwise affect a determination that any change, effect, circumstance or development
underlying such failure that is not otherwise excluded pursuant to this definition has resulted in, or contributed to, a Material Adverse
Effect.
“ MaximumAggLegatmOwnership,Amo,unt," has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(e)(ii).
“ Maximum Aggggate Voting Amount” has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(e)(ii).
“ Migration SOW ” means the Migration SOW attached to the Master Agreement, as the same may be amended,
modified, supplemented or extended in accordance with the Master Agreement.
“ Net Cash Settlement” has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(d).
“ Netﬂash,S,ettl,em,ent,Election” has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(e)(ii).
“ Netﬂash,S,ettlem,ent,E1,e,ction,Notic,e," has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(e)(ii).
“ Net Share Settlement ” has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(0).
“ Newjnbscriberf’ means a “New Subscriber” (as such term is defined in the Master Agreement); provided, in each
case, that such New Subscriber (i) as of the Issue Date, was receiving billing and account services from any Person other than the
Company and (ii) after the Issue Date, was migrated to the Company’s ACP billing platform.
“ Original Warrant” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.
“ Berson,” means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-
stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.
“ ﬂivsicaLDelivery: has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b).