Shepherd is an international business expert with strong management, customer relationship, global sales, strategy and corporate grth experience. In previous
executive roles at companies such as TeleTech, Amdocs, DST Innovis, and McKinsey & Company, Shepherd built wide and deep relationships with C-Suite leaders,
decision-makers and policy inﬂuencers who have shaped these industries globally. Mr. Shepherd graduated Mag na cum laude in Economics from Wabash College and
received a Master of Business Administration degree from Harvard Business School.
Board of Directors of the Registrant
Information related to our Board of Directors (the “Board”) is provided below.
Donald B. Reed
Mr. Reed, 72, was elected to the Board in May 2005 and has served as the Company’s non-executive Chairman of the Board since January 2010. Mr. Reed is presently
retired. He served as Chief Executive Ofﬁcer of Cable & Wireless Global from 2000 to 2003. Cable & Wireless Global, a subsidiary of Cable & Wireless plc, is a
provider of internet protocol (“IP”) and data services to business customers in the US, United Kingdom, Europe, and Japan. From June 1998 until May 2000, Mr. Reed
served Cable & Wireless in various other executive positions. Mr. Reed’s career includes 30 years at NYNEX Corporation (now part of Verizon), a regional telephone
operating company. From 1995 to 1997, Mr. Reed served NYNEX Corporation as President and Group Executive with responsibility for directing the company’s
regional, national, and international government affairs, public policy initiatives, legislative and regulatory matters, and public relations. Mr. Reed holds a BA. degree in
History from Virginia Military Institute.
Bret C. Griess
Mr. Griess’ biographical information is included in the “Executive Officers of the Registrant” section shown directly above.
David G. Barnes
Mr. Barnes, 55, was appointed to the Board in February 2014. He currently serves as Senior Vice President, Finance of Stantec Inc., a publicly traded global provider of
engineering, consulting, and construction services. From 2009 through 2016 he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MWH Global Inc., an
employee-owned engineering and construction ﬁrm. MWH Global Inc. was acquired by Stantec Inc. in 2016. From 2006 to 2008, he was Executive Vice President of
Western Union Financial Services. From 2004 to 2006, Mr. Barnes served as Chief Financial Ofﬁcer of Radio Shack Corporation. From 1999 to 2004, he was Vice
President, Treasurer and US. Chief Financial Officer for Coors Brewing Company. Mr. Barnes holds a MBA. degree from the University of Chicago and a BA. degree
from Yale University.
Ronald H. Cooper
Mr. Cooper, 60, was elected to the Board in November 2006. He is presently retired. He most recently served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Clear
Channel Outdoor Americas, Inc. from 2009 through 2012. Prior to this position, he was a Principal at Tufts Consulting LLC from 2006 through 2009. Previously, he
spent nearly 25 years in the cable and telecommunications industry, most recently at Adelphia Communications where he served as President and Chief Operating
Officer from 2003 to 2006. Prior to Adelphia, Mr. Cooper held a series of executive positions at AT&T Broadband, RELERA Data Centers & Solutions, MediaOne and
its predecessor Continental Cablevision, Inc. He has served on various boards of directors and committees with the National Cable Television Association, California
Cable & Telecommunications Association, Cable Television Association for Marketing, New England Cable Television Association, and Outdoor Advertising
Association of America. Mr. Cooper holds a BA. degree from Wesleyan University.
Marwan H. F awaz
Mr. Fawaz, 54, was appointed to the Board in March 2016. Mr. Fawaz is currently the CEO of Nest Labs, Inc., an Alphabet company. With more than 28 years of
experience in the media, cable, telecommunications and broadband industries, Mr. Fawaz offers a wealth of knowledge and expertise, developed from his time as
Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Google/Motorola Mobility from 2012 to 2013 and Executive Vice President of Strategy and Operations and
Chief Technology Officer of Charter Communications from 2006 to 2011. In addition, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of Adelphia
Communications from 2003 to 2006, and held leadership positions for other cable industry companies such as MediaOne, among others. In addition, he was the founder
and principal of Sarepta Advisors, a strategic advisory and consulting group supporting the technology, media and telecommunications industries. He holds a MS.
degree in Electrical and Communication Engineering and a BS. degree in Electrical Engineering, both from California State University at Long Beach.
16