complexity , and interdependencies of the various software and network environments impacted, combined with the increasing complexity of the clients’ underlying
business processes. In addition, the complexity of the implementations increases when the arrangement incl udes other vendors participating in the project, including but
not limited to, prime and subcontractor relationships with our company. For these reasons, implementations subject our clients’ to potential business disruption, which
could cause them to delay or even cancel future implementations.
As a result, there is a risk that we may experience cancellations, delays, or unexpected costs associated with implementations. In addition, our inability to complete
implementations in an efficient and effective manner could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, and could damage our reputation in the market
place, reducing our opportunity to grow our business with both new and existing clients.
The Delivery of Our Solutions is Dependent on a Variety of Computing Environments and Communications Networks Which May Not Be Available or May Be
Subject to Security Attacks.
Our solutions are generally delivered through a variety of third-party and internally-operated computing environments (collectively referred to hereafter in this section as
“Systems”). The end users are connected to our Systems through a variety of public and private communications networks, which we will collectively refer to herein as
“Networks.” Our solutions are generally considered to be mission critical customer management systems by our clients. As a result, our clients are highly dependent upon
the high availability and uncompromised security of our Networks and Systems to conduct their business operations.
Our Networks and Systems are subject to the risk of an extended interruption, outage, or security breach due to many factors such as: (i) planned changes to our Systems
and Networks for such things as scheduled maintenance and technology upgrades, or conversions to other technologies, service providers, or physical location of
hardware; (ii) defects in software program(s); (iii) human and machine error; (iv) acts of nature; and (v) intentional, unauthorized attacks from computer “hackers”, or
cyber-attacks. Most recently, the marketplace is experiencing an ever-increasing exposure to both the number and severity of cyber-attacks. In addition, we continue to
expand our use of the Internet with our product offerings thereby permitting, for example, our clients’ customers to use the Internet to review account balances, order
services or execute similar account management functions. Allowing access to our Networks and Systems via the Internet has the potential to increase their vulnerability
to unauthorized access and corruption, as well as increasing the dependency of our Systems’ reliability on the availability and performance of the Internet and end users’
infrastructure they obtain through other third party providers.
The method, manner, cause and timing of an extended interruption, outage, or security breach in our Networks or Systems are impossible to predict. As a result, there can
be no assurances that our Networks and Systems will not fail, not suffer a security breach or that our business continuity or remediation plans will adequately mitigate the
negative effects of a disruption or security breach to our Networks or Systems. Further, our property, technology errors and omissions, and business interruption
insurance may not adequately compensate us for losses that we incur as a result of such interruptions or security breaches. Should our Networks or Systems: (i)
experience an extended interruption or outage; (ii) have their security breached; or (iii) have their data lost, corrupted or otherwise compromised, it would impede our
ability to meet product and service delivery obligations, and likely have an immediate impact to the business operations of our clients. This would most likely result in an
immediate loss to us of revenue or increase in expense, as well as damaging our reputation. The loss of conﬁdential information could result in losing the customers’
confidence, as well as imposition of fines and damages. Any of these events could have an immediate, negative impact upon our financial position and our short-term
revenue and profit expectations, as well as our long-term ability to attract and retain new clients.
The Occurrence or Perception of a Security Breach or Disclosure of Confidential Personally Identiﬁable Information Could Harm Our Business.
In providing solutions to our clients, we process, transmit, and store conﬁdential and personally identifiable information (“PII”), including social security numbers and
financial information. Our treatment of such information is subject to contractual restrictions and federal, state, and foreign data privacy laws and regulations, which
continue to evolve resulting in greater scrutiny over the protection of PH. In response to these evolving restrictions and regulations, we leverage various data encryption
strategies and have implemented measures to protect against unauthorized access to such information, and comply with these laws and regulations. These measures
include standard industry practices (i.e. ISO-27002 guidelines), periodic security reviews of our systems by independent parties, network firewalls, procedural controls,
intrusion detection systems, and antivirus applications. Because of the inherent risks and complexities to defend against cybercrime, these measures may fail to
adequately protect this information. Any failure on our part to protect the privacy of personally identifiable information or comply with data privacy laws and regulations
may subject us to contractual liability and damages, loss of business, damages from individual claimants, fines, penalties, criminal prosecution, and unfavorable
publicity. Even the mere perception of a security breach or inadvertent disclosure of personally identifiable information could damage our reputation and inhibit market
acceptance of our solutions. In addition, third party vendors that we engage to perform services for us may unintentionally release personally identifiable information or
otherwise fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations. The occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, and
results of operations.
9