*** Conﬁdential Treatment Requested and the Redacted Material has been separately ﬁled with the Commission.
Stock, (B) subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights, convertible securities or other contracts, agreements or commitments of any kind
or character obligating the Company to issue, transfer or sell any of its Capital Stock, or (C) any equity equivalents or any agreements,
arrangements or understandings granting any Person any rights in the Company similar to Capital Stock. As of the Issue Date, there are
no outstanding obligations of the Company to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any of the Company’s Capital Stock. As of
*** , there were outstanding and unvested restricted stock units granted by the Company.
(h) Litigation . There is no action, suit, proceeding, arbitration, mediation, complaint, claim, charge or
investigation pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, currently threatened before any court, arbitrator, mediator or governmental
agency or instrumentality against the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any officer or director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries:
(i) that questions the validity of this Warrant or the Registration Rights Agreement or the right of the Company to enter into either of
them; or (ii) that would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
13. Miscellaneous .
(a) Notices. All notices and other communications from the Company to the Holder of this Warrant shall be
sufficiently made if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier (with tracking capability) or personal delivery to the mailing address
of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company maintained for such purpose (as changed by the Holder from time to time by like
notice). All notices and other communications from the Holder of this Warrant to the Company, including any Exercise Notice, shall be
sufficiently made if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier (with tracking capability), personal delivery or by e-mail to the
mailing or e-mail address, as applicable, of the Company at its principal offices as shown below or as changed by the Company from time
to time by like notice. Any notice and other communication in accordance with this Section 13(a) shall be deemed to be delivered, given
and received for all purposes as of: (i) if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (with tracking capability), the Business Day
immediately following the date sent, (ii) if delivered personally, the date so delivered, and (iii) if and to the extent permitted to be sent by
e-mail, the date sent (unless the sender receives an automatic error message from the server of the intended recipient indicating that the
applicable notice or communication has not been received by such intended recipient or delivery thereof is delayed for any reason
whatsoever).
(b) Nonwaiyeri. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder
on the part of the Company or the Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the rights, powers or remedies of
such Person.
(0) Limitation of Liability . No provision hereof, in the absence of affirmative action by the
Holder to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder hereof, shall give rise to any
liability of such Holder to pay the Exercise Price for any Warrant Shares other than pursuant to an exercise of this Warrant or give rise to
any status of or liability as a stockholder of the Company, whether such status or liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of
the Company.