infringed technology on reasonable pricing terms or at all, or substitute similar technology from another source, our business, financial position, and results of operations
could be adversely impacted. Our failure to adequately establish, maintain, and protect our intellectual property rights could have a material adverse impact on our
business, ﬁnancial position, and results of operations.
We May Incur Material Restructuring Charges in the Future.
In the past, we have recorded restructuring charges related to involuntary employee terminations, various facility abandonments, and various other restructuring and
reorganization activities. We continually evaluate ways to reduce our operating expenses through new restructuring opportunities, including more effective utilization of
our assets, workforce, and operating facilities. As a result, there is a risk, which is increased during economic downturns and with expanded global operations, that we
may incur material restructuring or reorganization charges in the future.
Substantial Impairment of Goodwill and Other Long-lived Assets in the Future May Be Possible.
As a result of various acquisitions and the growth of our company over the last several years, we have approximately $201 million of goodwill, and $104 million of long-
lived assets other than goodwill (principally, property and equipment, software, and client contracts) as of December 31, 2016. These long-lived assets are subject to
ongoing assessment of possible impairment summarized as follows:
° Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment on an annual basis. We have elected to do our annual test for possible impairment as of July 31 of each
year. In addition to this annual requirement, goodwill is required to be evaluated for possible impairment on a periodic basis (e. g., quarterly) if events
occur or circumstances change that could indicate a possible impairment may have occurred.
0 Long-lived assets other than goodwill are required to be evaluated for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable.
We utilize our market capitalization and/or cash ﬂow models as the primary basis to estimate the fair value amounts used in our goodwill and other long-lived asset
impairment valuations. If an impairment was to be recorded in the future, it could materially impact our results of operations in the period such impairment is recognized,
but such an impairment charge would be a non-cash expense, and therefore would have no impact on our cash ﬂows.
I tem 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
I tem 2. Properties
As of December 31, 2016, we were operating in over 25 leased sites around the world, representing approximately 550,000 square feet.
Our corporate headquarters is located in Englewood, Colorado. In addition, we lease office space in the US. in Atlanta, Georgia; Bloomfield, New Jersey; Chicago,
Illinois; Columbia, Maryland; Omaha, Nebraska; and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The leases for these offlce facilities expire in the years 2017 through 2025. We also
maintain leased facilities internationally in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Colombia, Denmark, France, India, Ireland, Malaysia, South Africa, Sweden, United Arab
Emirates, and the UK. The leases for these international office facilities expire in the years 2017 through 2025 . We utilize these office facilities primarily for the
following: (i) client services, training, and support; (ii) product and operations support; (iii) systems and programming activities; (iv) professional services staff; (v) R&D
activities; (vi) sales and marketing activities; and (vii) general and administrative functions.
Additionally, we lease two statement production and mailing facilities totaling approximately 176,000 square feet. These facilities are located in: (i) Omaha, Nebraska;
and (ii) Crawfordville, Florida. The leases for these facilities expire in the 2018 and 2019, respectively.
We believe that our facilities are adequate for our current needs and that additional suitable space will be available as required. We also believe that we will be able to
either: (i) extend our current leases as they terminate; or (ii) find alternative space without experiencing a significant increase in cost. See Note 9 to our Financial
Statements for information regarding our obligations under our facility leases.
14