*** Conﬁdential Treatment Requested and the Redacted Material has been separately ﬁled with the Commission.
“ Affiliate ” means, with respect to any Person as of any applicable date of determination, any other Person that
directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the first-mentioned
Person as of that date. For purposes of this definition, “control” (including the correlative terms “controlled by” and “under common
control with”) means the possession, directly or indirectly or as trustee or executor, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management or policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of stock, as trustee or executor, by contract, or otherwise.
“ Alternate Consideration ” has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 7(0).
“ Appraiser,” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the definition of “Fair Market Value”.
“ AttemptedExercise,” has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(e)(ii).
“ Board ” means the Board of Directors of the Company.
“ B,usiness,D,ay:” means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day on which banking institutions in the State of
New York generally are authorized or required by law or other governmental actions to close.
“ CapitaLStockj’ means, with respect to any Person, (i) any capital stock of such Person, (ii) any security
convertible, with or without consideration, into any capital stock of such Person, (iii) any other shares, interests, rights to purchase,
warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) the capital stock of such Person, or (iv) any
other equity interest in, or right to vote generally in elections of directors or the comparable governing body of, such Person.
“ ChangeiofiControL” means the acquisition by any Person, including any syndicate or group deemed to be a
“person” under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act of beneficial ownership (determined in accordance with Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5
under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, through a purchase, merger or other acquisition transaction or series of purchases,
mergers or other acquisition transactions, of shares of the Capital Stock of the Company (i) entitling that person to exercise >“"‘% or more
(but less than >“"‘%) of the total voting power of all shares of the Capital Stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in elections of
directors or (ii) comprising >“"‘% or more (but less than **%) of the total equity value of the Company, other than any acquisition by the
Company, any of its subsidiaries or any of its employee benefit plans.
“ Change of Control Election Notice ” has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(c)(ii).
“ Comcast,” means Comcast Cable Communications Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.
“ Commonjtook,” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.
“ Company: ” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.