Sales and Marketing. We organize our sales efforts to clients primarily within our geographically dispersed, dedicated account teams, with senior level account managers
who are responsible for new revenues and renewal of existing contracts within a client account. The account teams are supported by sales support personnel who are
experienced in the various products and services that we provide.
Competition. The market for business support solutions products and services in the communications industry, as well as in other industries we serve, is highly
competitive. We compete with both independent providers and in—house developers of customer management systems. We believe that our most significant competitors
in our primary markets are Amdocs Limited and NEC Corporation; network equipment providers such as Ericsson and Huawei; and internally-developed solutions. Some
of our actual and potential competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing, and technological resources than us and in some instances we may actually partner
and collaborate with our competitors on large opportunities and projects.
We believe service providers in our industry use the following criteria when selecting a vendor for the mission critical management of their revenue, customer
interactions and digital ecosystem: (i) functionality, scalability, ﬂexibility, interoperability, and architecture of the software assets; (ii) the breadth and depth of pre-
integrated product solutions; (iii) product quality, client service, and support; (iv) operational excellence and reliability; (v) quality of R&D efforts; and (vi) total cost of
ownership. We believe that our products and services allow us to compete effectively in these areas.
Proprietary Rights and Licenses
We rely on a combination of trade secret, copyright, trademark, and patent laws in the United States (“US”) and similar laws in other countries, and non-disclosure,
confidentiality, and other types of contractual arrangements to establish, maintain, and enforce our intellectual property rights in our solutions. Despite these measures,
any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, or misappropriated. Although we hold a limited number of patents and patent
applications on some of our newer solutions, we do not rely upon patents as a primary means of protecting our rights in our intellectual property. In any event, there can
be no assurance that our patent applications will be approved, that any issued patents will adequately protect our intellectual property, or that such patents will not be
challenged by third parties. Also, much of our business and many of our solutions rely on key technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and we may not be able
to obtain or continue to obtain licenses and technologies from these third parties at all or on reasonable terms. Our failure to adequately establish, maintain, and protect
our intellectual property rights could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For a description of the risks
associated with our intellectual property rights, see “Item 1A - Risk Factors - Failure to Protect Our Intellectual Property Rights or Claims by Others That We Infringe
Their Intellectual Property Rights Could Substantially Harm Our Business, Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
Employees
As of December 31, 2016, we had a total of 3,312 employees, an increase of 35 employees when compared to the number of employees we had as of December 31, 2015.
Our success is dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. We are subject to various foreign employment laws and regulations based on the
country in which our employees are located. We believe that our relations with our employees are good.
Available Information
Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy materials, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act are available free of charge on our website at www.csgi.com. Additionally, these reports are available
at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE., Washington, DC. 20549 or on the SEC’s website at wwwsec. gov. Information on the operation of the Public
Reference Room can be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.
Code of Conduct and Business Ethics
A copy of our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics (the “Code of Conduct”) is maintained on our website. Any future amendments to the Code of Conduct, or any
future waiver of a provision of our Code of Conduct, will be timely posted to our website upon their occurrence. Historically, we have had minimal changes to our Code
of Conduct, and have had no waivers of a provision of our Code of Conduct.
7