Our Business is Highly Dependent on the Global Communications Industry.
Since a large percentage of our revenues are generated from clients that operate within the global communications industry sector, we are highly dependent on the health
and the business trends occurring within this industry (in particular for our North American cable and satellite clients). Key factors within this industry that could
potentially impact our clients’ businesses, and thus, our business, are as follows:
0 Key Market Conditions: The global communications industry has undergone significant ﬂuctuations in growth rates and capital investment cycles in the past
decade. Current economic indices suggest a slow stabilization of the industry, but it is impossible to predict whether this stabilization will persist or be subject
to future instability.
In addition, changes in demand for traditional services for CSPS are causing them to seek new revenue sources, while also managing their cost structure and
quality of service delivery during their business transformation. The result is that many CSPs are delaying investment decision on maintaining/advancing
legacy systems, and/or making investments in new solutions to drive their business forward into new areas.
0 Market Consolidation: The pace of consolidation within the industry continues to accelerate as service providers look to increase the scale of their operations
and footprint within the entire communications ecosystem. Potential byproducts of this consolidation that could impact us are as follows: (i) there could be
fewer providers in the market, each with potentially greater bargaining power and economic leverage due to their larger size, which may result in our having
to lower our prices to remain competitive, retain our market share, or comply with the surviving client’s current more favorable contract terms, and (ii) the
controlling entity in a consolidation that is not our current client, may acquire one of our existing clients and choose to consolidate both entities onto the
controlling entity’s software platform, thus reducing and possibly eliminating our business with our existing client.
Also, as consolidated entities execute upon their revenue and operational synergies, there is generally a slowdown in decision-making on large
transformational projects, discretionary spending, and/or on new business initiatives. While this could be a timing issue only, it could impact quarterly and
annual results.
0 Increased Competition : Our clients operate in a highly competitive environment. Competitors range from traditional wireline and wireless providers to new
entrants like new digital lifestyle service providers such as Hulu, YouTube, Google, Netﬂix, Apple, and Amazon. Should these competitors be successful in
their strategies, it could threaten our clients’ market share, pricing power, and level of services delivered, all of which could negatively impact our clients’
revenues, putting pressure on our source of revenues, as generally speaking, these companies do not use our core solutions and there can be no assurance that
new entrants will become our clients. In addition, demand for spectrum, network bandwidth and content continues to increase and any changes in the
regulatory environment could have a significant impact to not only our clients’ businesses, but in our ability to help our clients be successful.
The above industry factors are impacting our clients’ businesses, and thus could cause delays, cancellations/loss of business, and/or downward pricing pressure on our
sales and services. This could cause us to either fall short of revenue expectations or have a cost model that is misaligned with revenues, either or both of which could
have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.
We May Not Be Able to Respond to Rapid Technological Changes.
The market for business support solutions, such as customer care and billing solutions, is characterized by rapid changes in technology and is highly competitive with
respect to the need for timely product innovations and new product introductions. As a result, we believe that our future success in sustaining and growing our revenues
depends upon: (i) our ability to continuously expand, adapt, modify, maintain, and operate our solutions to address the increasingly complex and evolving needs of our
clients without sacrificing the reliability or quality of the solutions; (ii) the integration of acquired technologies and their widely distributed, complex worldwide
operations; and (iii) creating and maintaining an integrated suite of customer care and billing solutions, which are portable to new verticals such as utilities, ﬁnancial
services, and content distribution. In addition, the market is demanding that our solutions have greater architectural ﬂexibility and interoperability, and that we are able
to meet the demands for technological advancements to our solutions at a greater pace. Our attempts to meet these demands subjects our R&D efforts to greater risks.
As a result, substantial and effective R&D and product investment will be required to maintain the competitiveness of our solutions in the market. Technical problems
may arise in developing, maintaining, integrating, and operating our solutions as the complexities are increased. Development projects can be lengthy and costly, and
may be subject to changing requirements, programming difficulties, a shortage of qualified personnel, and/or unforeseen factors which can result in delays. In addition,
we may be responsible for the implementation of new solutions and/or the conversion of clients to new solutions, and depending upon the speciﬁc solution, we may also
be responsible for operations of the solution.
10