*** Conﬁdential Treatment Requested and the Redacted Material has been separately ﬁled with the Commission.
)( * )-
“ Warrant ” means this Warrant and all other warrants issued upon transfer, division or combination of, or in
substitution for, this Warrant or such other warrants in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof.
“ Warrant Shares ” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.
(b) Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms
in the Master Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of any inconsistency between the definitions set forth herein and the
definitions set forth in the Master Agreement, the definitions set forth herein shall govern for purposes of this Warrant.
2. Method of Exercise .
(a) ExercisexNoticei. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, including the vesting milestones set
forth in Section 3(a), this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder at any time and from time to time during the Exercise Period for all or
any portion of the number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder; it being understood and agreed that this Warrant shall be void and all
rights represented hereby shall cease unless vested and exercised on or before the Expiration Date. In order to exercise this Warrant, in
whole or in part, the Holder shall deliver this Warrant, together with a duly executed copy of the form of notice of exercise attached
hereto as Exhibit A (together, the “ Exercise Notice ”), to the Company at its principal offices, which Exercise Notice shall specify the
number of Warrant Shares subject to such Exercise Notice (subject to the last sentence of Section 3(b)(ii), the date on which such delivery
shall have taken place being referred to as the “ Exercise Date ”). Each exercise of this Warrant shall be settled through Physical Delivery
or Net Share Settlement, as elected by the Holder in its sole discretion and set forth in the Exercise Notice, which may also include, at the
Holder’s sole discretion, a request for a settlement of such exercise through Net Cash Settlement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, including this Section 2, from and after the occurrence of a Fundamental Change, the exercise of this Warrant shall be governed
by Section 3(b).
(b) Physical Delivery:. Subject to Section 2(d) (if the Exercise Notice included a request for Net Cash
Settlement) and Section 3(e), if the Holder has elected to settle the exercise of this Warrant through physical delivery of Warrant Shares
upon cash payment of the Exercise Price by the Holder (“ PhysicaLDelixerL”) in accordance with Section 2(a), then, within three (3)
Business Days following the Exercise Date, the Holder shall deliver to the Company the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares
specified in the applicable Exercise Notice by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account or accounts designated by the
Company. The Warrant Shares to be issued and delivered to the Holder upon Physical Delivery shall be issued and delivered as provided
in Section 2(e).
(c) N eLSharenSettlemenL. Subject to Section 2(d) (if the Exercise Notice included a request for Net Cash
Settlement) and Section 3(e), if the Holder has elected to settle the exercise of this Warrant through a net, or “cashless”, exercise by using
certain Warrant Shares that the Holder otherwise would have received upon such settlement as payment of the Exercise Price