*** Conﬁdential Treatment Requested and the Redacted Material has been separately ﬁled with the Commission.
to the extent required from time to time to enable the Holder to, if permitted by the terms of this Warrant, sell this Warrant and the
Warrant Shares without registration under the Securities Act within the limitations of the exemptions provided by (A) Rule 144 under the
Securities Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time, or (B) any successor rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the
SEC. Upon the written request of the Holder, the Company will deliver to such Holder a written statement that it has complied with such
requirements.
(f) Registration Rights . The Holder shall be entitled to request registration of the Warrant
Shares under the Securities Act in accordance with that certain Registration Rights Agreement dated as of the Issue Date by and between
the Company and the Holder (the “ RegistrationRightsAgreement”).
(g) Survival . This Section 11 shall survive any exercise of this Warrant with respect to the
Warrant Shares issued upon such exercise.
12. Company Representations and Warranties . The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Holder that, as of
the Issue Date, except as set forth in the SEC Documents filed with the SEC on or prior to the Issue Date:
(a) Organization, Good Standing and Corporate Power . The Company is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Colorado. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, each of the Company’s subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization. The Company and each of its subsidiaries has all requisite corporate power and authority
to carry on its business as now conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted, except for any failure of any subsidiaries to have
such corporate power and authority as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has all
requisite corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Warrant and the Registration Rights
Agreement. The Company and each of its subsidiaries is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good
standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(b) Authorization,. All corporate action on the part of the Company (including its Board, officers and
stockholders) necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Warrant and the Registration Rights Agreement by
the Company has been taken (except to the extent that Stockholder Approval is required in accordance with Section 3(e)(ii)). This
Warrant and the Registration Rights Agreement constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the
Company in accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights
generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies, and
(iii) to the extent the indemnification provisions contained in the Registration Rights Agreement may be limited by applicable federal or
state securities laws.