Software and Services.
Our software and services revenue relates primarily to: (i) software license sales; and (ii) professional services to implement the software.
The accounting for software license arrangements, especially when software is sold in a multiple-element arrangement, can be complex and requires considerable
judgment. Key factors considered in accounting for software license and related services include the following criteria: (i) the identification of the separate elements of
the arrangement; (ii) the determination of whether any undelivered elements are essential to the functionality of the delivered elements; (iii) the assessment of whether
the software, if hosted, should be accounted for as a services arrangement and thus outside the scope of the software revenue recognition literature; (iv) the determination
of vendor specific objective evidence (“VSOE”) of fair value for the undelivered element(s) of the arrangement; (V) the assessment of whether the software license fees
are fixed or determinable; (Vi) the determination as to whether the fees are considered collectible; and (vii) the assessment of whether services included in the
arrangement represent signiﬁcant production, customization or modification of the software. The evaluation of these factors, and the ultimate revenue recognition
decision, requires significant judgments to be made by us. The judgments made in this area could have a significant effect on revenues recognized in any period by
changing the amount and/or the timing of the revenue recognized. In addition, because software licenses typically have little or no direct, incremental costs related to the
recognition of the revenue, these judgments could also have a significant effect on our results of operations.
The initial sale of software products generally requires significant production, modification or customization and thus falls under the guidelines of contract accounting. In
these software license arrangements, the elements of the arrangements are typically a software license, professional services, and maintenance. When we have VSOE of
fair value for the maintenance, which we generally do, we allocate a portion of the total arrangement fee to the maintenance element based on its VSOE of fair value, and
the balance of the arrangement fee is subject to contract accounting using the percentage-of-completion (“POC”) method of accounting. Under the POC method of
accounting, software license and professional services revenues are typically recognized as the professional services related to the software implementation project are
performed. We are using hours performed on the project as the measure to determine the percentage of the work completed.
In certain instances, we sell software license volume upgrades, which provide our clients the right to use our software to process higher transaction volume levels. In
these instances, if: (i) maintenance is the only undelivered element of the software arrangement; (ii) we have VSOE of fair value for the maintenance related to the
volume upgrade; and (iii) we meet the other revenue recognition criteria, we recognize the software license revenue on the effective date of the volume upgrade.
A portion of our professional services revenues does not include an element of software delivery (e.g., business consulting services, etc.), and thus, do not fall within the
scope of specific authoritative accounting literature for software arrangements. In these cases, revenues from fixed-price, professional service contracts are recognized
using a method consistent with the proportional performance method, which is relatively consistent with our POC methodology. Under a proportional performance
model, revenue is recognized by allocating revenue between reporting periods based on relative service provided in each reporting period, and costs are generally
recognized as incurred. We utilize an input-based approach (i.e., hours worked) for purposes of measuring performance on these types of contracts. Our input measure is
considered a reasonable surrogate for an output measure. In instances when the work performed on fixed price agreements is of relatively short duration, or if we are
unable to make reasonably dependable estimates at the outset of the arrangement, we use the completed contract method of accounting whereby revenue is recognized
when the work is completed.
Our use of the POC and proportional performance methods of accounting on professional services engagements requires estimates of the total project revenues, total
project costs and the expected hours necessary to complete a project. Changes in estimates as a result of additional information or experience on a project as work
progresses are inherent characteristics of the POC and proportional performance methods of accounting as we are exposed to various business risks in completing these
engagements. The estimation process to support these methods of accounting is more difficult for projects of greater length and/or complexity. The judgments and
estimates made in this area could: (i) have a significant effect on revenues recognized in any period by changing the amount and/or the timing of the revenue recognized;
and/or (ii) impact the expected profitability of a project, including whether an overall loss on an arrangement has occurred. To mitigate the inherent risks in using the
POC and proportional performance methods of accounting, we track our performance on projects and reevaluate the appropriateness of our estimates as part of our
monthly accounting cycle.
Revenues from professional services contracts billed on a time-and-materials basis are recognized as the services are performed and as amounts due from clients are
deemed collectible and contractually non-refundable.
Maintenance.
Our maintenance revenue relates primarily to support of our software once it has been implemented. Maintenance revenues are recognized ratably over the software
maintenance period. Our maintenance consists primarily of client and product support, technical updates (e.g., bug fixes, etc.), and unspecified upgrades or enhancements
to our software products. If specified upgrades or enhancements are offered in an arrangement, which is rare, they are accounted for as a separate element of the software
arrangement.
50