unfavorable adjustments of the accrual for any particular issue would be recognized as an increase or decrease to our income
tax expense in the period of a change in facts and circumstances. Our current tax accruals are presented in the consolidated
balance sheet within income and other taxes and long-term tax accruals are presented in the consolidated balance sheet within
other long-term liabilities.
Tax laws require items to be included in the tax return at different times than the items are reﬂected in the consolidated
financial statements. As a result, the income tax expense reﬂected in our consolidated financial statements is different than the
liability reported in our tax return. Some of these differences are permanent, which are not deductible or taxable on our tax
return, and some are temporary differences, which give rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets generally
represent items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in our tax return in future years for which we have already recorded
the tax benefit in our consolidated income statement. We establish valuation allowances for our deferred tax assets when the
amount of expected future taxable income is not likely to support the use of the deduction or credit. Deferred tax liabilities
generally represent items for which we have already taken a deduction on our tax return, but have not yet recognized as
expense in our consolidated financial statements. Our net deferred tax asset is recorded using currently enacted tax laws, and
may need to be adjusted in the event tax laws change.
The US. work opportunity credit is allowed for wages earned by employees in certain targeted groups. The actual amount of
creditable wages in a particular period is estimated, since the credit is only available once an employee reaches a minimum
employment period and the employee’s inclusion in a targeted group is certified by the applicable state. As these events often
occur after the period the wages are earned, judgment is required in determining the amount of work opportunity credits
accrued for in each period. We evaluate the accrual regularly throughout the year and make adjustments as needed.
Goodwill
We test goodwill for impairment annually and whenever events or circumstances make it more likely than not that an
impairment may have occurred. Generally accepted accounting principles require that goodwill be tested for impairment at a
reporting unit level. We have determined that our reporting units are the same as our operating and reportable segments. If we
have determined it is more likely than not the fair value for one or more reporting units is greater than their carrying value, we
may use a qualitative assessment for the annual impairment test.
In conducting the qualitative assessment, we assess the totality of relevant events and circumstances that affect the fair value or
carrying value of the reporting unit. Such events and circumstances may include macroeconomic conditions, industry and
competitive environment conditions, overall financial performance, reporting unit speciﬁc events and market considerations.
We may also consider recent valuations of the reporting unit, including the magnitude of the difference between the most recent
fair value estimate and the carrying value, as well as both positive and adverse events and circumstances, and the extent to
which each of the events and circumstances identified may affect the comparison of a reporting unit’s fair value with its
carrying value.
For reporting units where the qualitative assessment is not used, goodwill is tested for impairment using a two-step process. In
the first step, the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is compared to its carrying value. If the estimated fair value of a
reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the net assets assigned to a reporting unit, goodwill is not considered impaired and
no further testing is required. To derive the estimated fair value of reporting units, we primarily relied on an income approach.
Under the income approach, estimated fair value is determined based on estimated future cash ﬂows discounted by an
estimated weighted-average cost of capital, which reﬂects the overall level of inherent risk of the reporting unit being
measured. Estimated future cash ﬂows are based on our internal projection model. Assumptions and estimates about future
cash ﬂows and discount rates are complex and often subjective. They can be affected by a variety of factors, including external
factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our internal
forecasts.
If the carrying value of the net assets assigned to a reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair value of a reporting unit, a second
step of the impairment test is performed in order to determine the implied fair value of a reporting unit’s goodwill.
Determining the implied fair value of goodwill requires valuation of a reporting unit’s tangible and intangible assets and
liabilities in a manner similar to the allocation of purchase price in a business combination. If the carrying value of a reporting
unit’s goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, goodwill is deemed impaired and is written down to the extent of the difference.
We completed our annual impairment test for all reporting units with goodwill in the fourth quarter for the fiscal year ended
2016 and 2015 and determined that goodwill was not impaired. In 2016, we elected to perform a step one quantitative
assessment for the Americas Commercial, Americas PT, and OCG reporting units. In 2015, we elected to perform a step one
quantitative assessment for the Americas Commercial, Americas PT, OCG and APAC PT reporting units.
35