Our controlling stockholder exercises voting control over our company and has the ability to elect or remove from ofﬁce
all of our directors.
Terence E. Adderley, the Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board of our board of directors, and certain trusts with
respect to which he acts as trustee or co-trustee, control approximately 93% of the outstanding shares of Kelly Class B common
stock, which is the only class of our common stock entitled to voting rights. Mr. Adderley is therefore able to exercise voting
control with respect to all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election or removal from ofﬁce of all members
of the Board of Directors.
We are not subject to certain of the listing standards that normally apply to companies whose shares are quoted on the
NASDAQ Global Market.
Our Class A and Class B common stock are quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market. Under the listing standards of the
NASDAQ Global Market, we are deemed to be a “controlled company” by Virtue of the fact that Terence E. Adderley, the
Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board of our board of directors, and certain trusts of which he acts as trustee or co-
trustee have voting power with respect to more than ﬁfty percent of our outstanding voting stock. A controlled company is not
required to have a majority of its board of directors comprised of independent directors. Director nominees are not required to
be selected or recommended for the board’s selection by a majority of independent directors or a nominations committee
comprised solely of independent directors, nor do the NASDAQ Global Market listing standards require a controlled company
to certify the adoption of a formal written charter or board resolution, as applicable, addressing the nominations process. A
controlled company is also exempt from NASDAQ Global Market’s requirements regarding the determination of ofﬁcer
compensation by a majority of independent directors or a compensation committee comprised solely of independent directors.
A controlled company is required to have an audit committee composed of at least three directors who are independent as
deﬁned under the rules of both the Securities and Exchange Commission and the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ
Global Market further requires that all members of the audit committee have the ability to read and understand fundamental
ﬁnancial statements and that at least one member of the audit committee possess ﬁnancial sophistication. The independent
directors must also meet at least twice a year in meetings at which only they are present.
We currently comply with certain of the listing standards of the NASDAQ Global Market that do not apply to controlled
companies. Our compliance is voluntary, however, and there can be no assurance that we will continue to comply with these
standards in the future.
Provisions in our certiﬁcate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may delay or prevent an acquisition of our
company.
Our restated certiﬁcate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could make it harder for a third party to acquire us
without the consent of our board of directors. For example, if a potential acquirer were to make a hostile bid for us, the
acquirer would not be able to call a special meeting of stockholders to remove our board of directors or act by written consent
without a meeting. The acquirer would also be required to provide advance notice of its proposal to replace directors at any
annual meeting, and would not be able to cumulate votes at a meeting, which would require the acquirer to hold more shares to
gain representation on the board of directors than if cumulative voting were permitted.
Our board of directors also has the ability to issue additional shares of common stock which could signiﬁcantly dilute the
ownership of a hostile acquirer. In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law limits mergers and other
business combination transactions involving 15 percent or greater stockholders of Delaware corporations unless certain board
or stockholder approval requirements are satisﬁed. These provisions and other similar provisions make it more difﬁcult for a
third party to acquire us without negotiation.
Our board of directors could choose not to negotiate with an acquirer that it did not believe was in our strategic interests. If an
acquirer is discouraged from offering to acquire us or prevented from successﬁllly completing a hostile acquisition by these or
other measures, our shareholders could lose the opportunity to sell their shares at a favorable price.
The holders of shares of our Class A common stock are not entitled to voting rights.
Under our certiﬁcate of incorporation, the holders of shares of our Class A common stock are not entitled to voting rights,
except as otherwise required by Delaware law. As a result, Class A common stock holders do not have the right to vote for the
election of directors or in connection with most other matters submitted for the vote of our stockholders.
13