Risk Tolerance
Risk is inherent in the pursuit of any worthy business objective. Although risk cannot be eliminated, not all risks are justiﬁed
or appropriate. We are willing to accept appropriate business risks that are within our tolerance and assumed in pursuit of a
suitable reward. We have no appetite for activity that endangers our employees or others, puts Kelly’s ﬁnancial well-being at
risk, or is contrary to our Vision, Character, and Values.
We expect all Kelly employees to follow these principles as set forth in Kelly’s Risk Appetite and Tolerance Statement in their
daily business conduct.
Anti-Human Trafﬁcking,
Kelly has a zero-tolerance policy against all forms of human trafﬁcking and related activities. Kelly is committed to globally
protecting against trafﬁcking in any persons, including employees and candidates. Kelly’s policy statement regarding Human
Trafﬁcking is available on the Company’s website at hitp://kellyservices.com/Global/Human-Trafﬁcking-Pong;
Reporting Dishonest or Unethical Behavior:
When in doubt about the best course of action in a particular situation, employees should talk to their managers or other
appropriate personnel. Known or suspected violations of laws, rules, and regulations applicable to the Company, of this Code
or any Company policy, must be promptly reported to Kelly Services’ Business Conduct & Ethics Reporting Program at
877.978.0049 or https://www.integmy-helpline.com/kellyservicesjsp or hitps://Www.ﬁnancial-integritycom/
kellyserviceseu.j £1; for Europe. Subject to applicable laws, anonymous reporting will be permitted through Kelly’s Business
Code and Ethics Reporting Program. Retaliation of any kind against any director, ofﬁcer, or employee for reports made in
good faith is expressly prohibited and will result in corrective action, including termination of employment.
It is the Company’s responsibility to conduct a prompt investigation of any complaint of a violation or alleged violation of this
Code. If an employee does not feel that a reported violation has been addressed, he or she should follow up through the Kelly
Business Code and Ethics Reporting Program described above or directly with the Vice President, Internal Audit or the General
Counsel.
PubliciCiompany Reporting,
The Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, the Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, the Chief Accounting Ofﬁcer, and their designees (the “senior
ﬁnancial ofﬁcers”) have the additional responsibility to ﬁle with the US. Securities and Exchange Commission full, fair,
timely, and understandable reports and documents; these same disclosure requirements apply to all of the Company’s public
communications. In addition to the reporting requirements set forth elsewhere in this Code, senior ﬁnancial ofﬁcers must
report any known or suspected violations of the Code to the Audit Committee.
Global Policies:
Kelly maintains speciﬁc policies that cover various areas of conduct and governance. The following are global policies and
statements that all employees are expected to understand and honor. Links to those policies that can be found on our public
website are included below:
0 Anti-Bribery Training
° Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
° Corporate Disclosure and Communications
° Corporate Social Responsibility hitp://kellyservices.com/Global/Corporate-Social-Responsibility—Policy-Statement/
#.V3aE6E32aM8
4