Business Operations
Service Marks
We own numerous service marks that are registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Ofﬁce, the European Union
Community Trademark Ofﬁce and numerous individual country trademark ofﬁces.
Seasonalitjv
Our quarterly operating results are affected by the seasonality of our customers’ businesses. Demand for stafﬁng services
historically has been lower during the ﬁrst quarter, and typically increases during the remainder of the year.
Working Capital
Our working capital requirements are primarily generated from temporary employee payroll and customer accounts receivable.
Since receipts from customers generally lag payroll to temporary employees, working capital requirements increase
substantially in periods of growth.
Customers
We are not dependent on any single customer or a limited segment of customers. In 2016, an estimated 51% of total Company
revenue was attributed to 100 large customers. Our largest single customer accounted for approximately ﬁve percent of total
revenue in 2016.
Government Contracts
Although we conduct business under various federal, state, and local government contracts, no single one accounts for more
than three percent of total Company revenue in 2016.
Competition
The worldwide temporary stafﬁng industry is competitive and highly fragmented. In the United States, approximately 100
competitors operate nationally, and approximately 10,000 smaller companies compete in varying degrees at local levels.
Additionally, several similar stafﬁng companies compete globally. In 2016, our largest competitors were Adecco S.A.,
Randstad Holding NV, ManpowerGroup Inc., Allegis Group and Recruit Holdings.
Key factors that inﬂuence our success are quality of service, price and breadth of service.
Quality of service is highly dependent on the availability of qualiﬁed, competent talent, and our ability to recruit, screen, train,
retain and manage a pool of employees who match the skills required by particular customers. During an economic downturn,
we must balance competitive pricing pressures with the need to retain a qualiﬁed workforce. Price competition in the stafﬁng
industry is intense, particularly for ofﬁce clerical and light industrial personnel, and pricing pressure from customers and
competitors continues to be signiﬁcant.
Breadth of service, or ability to manage stafﬁng suppliers, has become more critical as customers seek a single supplier to
manage all their stafﬁng needs. Kelly’s talent supply chain management approach seeks to address this requirement for our
larger customers, enabling us to deliver talent wherever and whenever they need it around the world.
Environmental Concerns
Because we are involved in a service business, federal, state or local laws that regulate the discharge of materials into the
environment do not materially impact us.
Employees
We employ approximately 1,100 people at our corporate headquarters in Troy, Michigan, and approximately 6,400 staff
members in our US. and international network of branch ofﬁces. In 2016, we assigned nearly 500,000 temporary employees to
a variety of customers around the globe.
While services may be provided inside the facilities of customers, we remain the employer of record for our temporary
employees. We retain responsibility for employee assignments, the employer’s share of all applicable payroll taxes and the
administration of the employee’s share of these taxes.
5