Impairment charges relating to our goodwill and long-lived assets could adversely affect our results of operations.
We regularly monitor our goodwill and long-lived assets for impairment indicators. In conducting our goodwill impairment
testing, we compare the fair value of each of our reporting units with goodwill to the related net book value. In conducting our
impairment analysis of long-lived assets, we compare the undiscounted cash ﬂows expected to be generated from the long-
lived assets to the related net book values. Changes in economic or operating conditions impacting our estimates and
assumptions could result in the impairment of our goodwill or long-lived assets. In the event that we determine that our
goodwill or long-lived assets are impaired, we may be required to record a signiﬁcant non-cash charge to earnings that could
adversely affect our results of operations.
Unexpected changes in claim trends on our workers’ compensation, unemployment, disability and medical beneﬁt plans
may negatively impact our ﬁnancial condition.
We self-insure, or otherwise bear ﬁnancial responsibility for, a signiﬁcant portion of expected losses under our workers’
compensation program, disability and medical beneﬁts claims. Unexpected changes in claim trends, including the severity and
frequency of claims, actuarial estimates and medical cost inﬂation, could result in costs that are signiﬁcantly different than
initially reported. If future claims-related liabilities increase due to unforeseen circumstances, or if we must make unfavorable
adjustments to accruals for prior accident years, our costs could increase signiﬁcantly. In addition, unemployment insurance
costs are dependent on beneﬁt claims experience from employees which may vary from current levels and result in increased
costs. There can be no assurance that we will be able to increase the fees charged to our customers in a timely manner and in a
sufﬁcient amount to cover increased costs as a result of any changes in claims-related liabilities.
Our business is subject to extensive government regulation, which may restrict the types of employment services we are
permitted to offer or result in additional or increased taxes, including payroll taxes or other costs that reduce our
revenues and earnings.
The temporary employment industry is heavily regulated in many of the countries in which we operate. Changes in laws or
government regulations may result in prohibition or restriction of certain types of employment services we are permitted to
offer or the imposition of new or additional beneﬁt, licensing or tax requirements that could reduce our revenues and earnings.
In particular, we are subject to state unemployment taxes in the U.S., which typically increase during periods of increased
levels of unemployment. We also receive beneﬁts, such as the work opportunity income tax credit in the U.S., that regularly
expire and may not be reinstated. There can be no assurance that we will be able to increase the fees charged to our customers
in a timely manner and in a sufﬁcient amount to fully cover increased costs as a result of any changes in laws or government
regulations. Any future changes in laws or government regulations, or interpretations thereof, including additional laws and
regulations enacted at a local level may make it more difﬁcult or expensive for us to provide stafﬁng services and could have a
material adverse effect on our business, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
We may have additional tax or unclaimed property liabilities that exceed our estimates.
We are subject to a multitude of federal, state and local taxes in the jurisdictions we operate in, including the tax provisions of
the US. Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. We are
also subject to unclaimed or abandoned property (escheat) laws. Our tax expense could be materially impacted by changes in
tax laws in these jurisdictions, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in the mix of income by
country. The demographics of our workforce and the visibility of our industry may make it more likely we become a target of
government investigations, and we are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax and unclaimed
property estimates are reasonable, the ﬁnal determination of audits and any related litigation could be materially different from
our historical tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could materially harm our business.
Failure to maintain speciﬁed ﬁnancial covenants in our bank credit facilities, or credit market events beyond our
control, could adversely restrict our ﬁnancial and operating ﬂexibility and subject us to other risks, including risk of
loss of access to capital markets.
Our bank credit facilities contain covenants that require us to maintain speciﬁed ﬁnancial ratios and satisfy other ﬁnancial
conditions. During 2016, we met all of the covenant requirements. Our ability to continue to meet these ﬁnancial covenants,
particularly with respect to interest coverage (see Debt footnote in the notes to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements), may not
be assured. If we default under this or any other of these requirements, the lenders could declare all outstanding borrowings,
accrued interest and fees to be due and payable or signiﬁcantly increase the cost of the facility. In these circumstances, there
can be no assurance that we would have sufﬁcient liquidity to repay or reﬁnance this indebtedness at favorable rates or at all.
Events beyond our control could result in the failure of one or more of our banks, reducing our access to liquidity and
potentially resulting in reduced ﬁnancial and operating ﬂexibility. If broader credit markets were to experience dislocation, our
potential access to other ﬁlnding sources would be limited.
12