second quarter of 2016 in the Americas and EMEA to increase operational efﬁciency. In OCG, we continued to expand our
global client portfolio even as we invest for future growth.
Our 2016 results conﬁrm our growth strategy:
0 Earnings from operations for the full year of 2016 totaled $63.2 million, or $66.6 million excluding restructuring
expenses, compared to $66.7 million in 2015.
° Our OCG segment delivered gross proﬁt growth of nearly 12% and we continued to add resources in line with the
increased market demand for outsourced solutions with tempered earnings growth in 2016. OCG earned a full-year
operating proﬁt of $25.9 million, compared to $28.5 million last year.
0 Conversion rate, or return on gross proﬁt, continues to be a key metric to measure our drive for proﬁtable growth. Our
2016 conversion rate was 7.0%, or 7.4% excluding restructuring expenses, compared to 7.2% in 2015
0 Cash from operating activities and free cash ﬂow generation increased year over year and we ended the year with no
outstanding debt.
Kelly remains focused on executing our strategy with increased speed and precision, making the necessary investments and
adjustments to advance that strategy. We have set our sights on becoming an even more focused, consultative and proﬁtable
company, and we are reshaping our business to make that vision a reality. We will continue to rebalance our resources to align
with our goals for growth, intentionally focusing more of our workforce in roles that drive increased revenue and gross proﬁt
for the Company. We will primarily measure our progress against gross proﬁt growth and an improved conversion rate. The
goals we have established are based on the current economic and business environment, and may change as conditions warrant:
° We expect to grow PT and OCG revenue, creating a more balanced portfolio that yields beneﬁts from an improved
mix.
° We expect Commercial to remain a core component of our strategy.
° We expect to exercise strict control over our cost base, delivering structural improvements that create strong operating
leverage.
0 And, as a result, we expect our conversion rate to continue to improve.
Looking ahead, we are keeping a watchful eye on demand levels in the US. labor market while anticipating an increasing
demand for skilled workers. Despite uncertainties, we know that companies are relying more heavily on the use of ﬂexible
stafﬁng models; there is growing acceptance of free agents and contractual employment by companies and talent alike; and
companies are seeking more comprehensive workforce management solutions that lend themselves to Kelly’s talent supply
chain management approach. This shift in demand for contingent labor and strategic solutions plays to our strengths and
experience — particularly serving large companies whose needs span the globe and cross multiple labor categories.
21