KELLY SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
claimants seek class action certiﬁcation. While there is no expectation that any of these matters will have a material adverse
effect on the Company’s results of operations, ﬁnancial position or cash ﬂows, litigation is always subject to inherent
uncertainty and the Company is not able to reasonably predict if any matter will be resolved in a manner that is materially
adverse to the Company. At year-end 2016 and 2015, the gross accrual for litigation costs amounted to $9.2 million and $9.9
million, respectively, which are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet.
17. Segment Disclosures
The Company’s segments are based on the organizational structure for which ﬁnancial results are regularly evaluated by the
Company’s CODM (the Company’s Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and Chief Operating Ofﬁcer) to determine resource allocation and
assess performance. The Company’s seven reporting segments are: (1) Americas Commercial, (2) Americas Professional and
Technical (“Americas PT”), (3) Europe, Middle East and Africa Commercial (“EMEA Commercial”), (4) Europe, Middle East
and Africa Professional and Technical (“EMEA PT”), (5) Asia Paciﬁc Commercial (“APAC Commercial”), (6) Asia Paciﬁc
Professional and Technical (“APAC PT”) and (7) Outsourcing and Consulting Group (“OCG”).
The Commercial business segments within the Americas, EMEA and APAC regions represent traditional ofﬁce services,
contact-center stafﬁng, marketing, electronic assembly, light industrial and, in the Americas, substitute teachers. The PT
segments encompass a wide range of highly skilled temporary employees, including scientists, ﬁnancial professionals,
attorneys, engineers, IT specialists and healthcare workers. OCG includes recruitment process outsourcing (“RPO”),
contingent workforce outsourcing (“CWO”), business process outsourcing (“BPO”), payroll process outsourcing (“PPO”) and
career transition/outplacement services. Corporate expenses that directly support the operating units have been allocated to the
Americas, EMEA and APAC regions and OCG based on a work effort, volume, or in the absence of a readily available
measurement process, proportionately based on revenue from services.
The Company regularly assesses its organizational structure, product/service offerings and information evaluated by the CODM
to determine whether any changes have occurred that would impact its segment reporting structure. The completion of the TS
Kelly Asia Paciﬁc joint venture transaction (see Investment in TS Kelly Asia Paciﬁc footnote) and the results of its annual
strategic review will likely change how the Company allocates resources and analyzes performance, which may result in a
change to the Company’s segment reporting in 2017.
The following tables present information about the reported revenue from services and gross proﬁt of the Company by
segment, along with a reconciliation to consolidated earnings before taxes and equity in net earnings (loss) of afﬁliate, for
2016, 2015 and 2014. Segment information for 2016 is impacted by the transfer of the APAC Commercial, APAC PT and
certain OCG businesses to TS Kelly Asia Paciﬁc in the third quarter of 2016 as noted above. Additionally, OCG segment
SG&A expenses for 2016 include a $2.8 million out-of-period adjustment recorded in the fourth quarter related to certain aged
accounts receivable recorded prior to 2015 at a subsidiary in Germany. The correction did not have a material effect on any of
the periods impacted.
Asset information by reportable segment is not presented, since the Company does not produce such information internally nor
does it use such data to manage its business.
71