KELLY SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
carrying value of a reporting unit’s goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, goodwill is deemed impaired and is written down to
the extent of the difference.
Accounts Payable Included in accounts payable are book overdrafts, which are outstanding checks in excess of funds on
deposit. Such amounts totaled $8.8 million and $4.4 million at year-end 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Accrued Payroll and Related Taxes Included in accrued payroll and related taxes are book overdrafts, which are outstanding
checks in excess of funds on deposit. Such amounts totaled $18.4 million and $4.9 million at year-end 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Payroll taxes for temporary employees are recognized proportionately to direct wages for interim periods based
on expected full-year amounts.
Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes using the liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and
liabilities and their reported amounts. Valuation allowances are provided against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than
not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.
The US. work opportunity credit is allowed for wages earned by employees in certain targeted groups. The actual amount of
creditable wages in a particular period is estimated, since the credit is only available once an employee reaches a minimum
employment period and the employee’s inclusion in a targeted group is certified by the applicable state. As these events often
occur after the period the wages are earned, judgment is required in determining the amount of work opportunity credits
accrued for in each period. We evaluate the accrual regularly throughout the year and make adjustments as needed.
Uncertain tax positions that are taken or expected to be taken in a tax return are recognized in the financial statements when it
is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood of more than ﬁfty percent) that the position would be sustained upon examination by
tax authorities that have full knowledge of all relevant information. A recognized tax position is then measured at the largest
amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
Interest and penalties related to income taxes are classiﬁed as income tax expense.
Stock-Based Compensation The Company may grant restricted stock awards and units (collectively, “restricted stock”), stock
options (both incentive and nonqualified), stock appreciation rights and performance awards to key employees associated with
the Company’s Class A stock. The Company utilizes the market price on the date of grant as the fair value for restricted stock
and the market price on the date of grant less the present value of the expected dividends not received during the vesting period
for performance awards. The Company also estimates a fair value of performance awards related to relative total shareholder
return using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The Company estimates the fair value of stock option awards on the date of
grant using an option-pricing model. The value of awards that are ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the
requisite service periods in SG&A expense in the Company’s consolidated statements of earnings.
Earnings Per Share Restricted stock that entitle their holders to receive nonforfeitable dividends before vesting are considered
participating securities and, therefore, are included in the calculation of earnings per share using the two-class method. The
two-class method is an earnings allocation formula that determines earnings per share for each class of common stock and
participating security according to dividends declared and participation rights in undistributed earnings. Under this method,
earnings from continuing operations (or net earnings) is reduced by the amount of dividends declared, and the remaining
undistributed earnings is allocated to common stock and participating securities based on the proportion of each class’s
weighted average shares outstanding to the total weighted average shares outstanding. The calculation of diluted earnings per
share includes the effect of potential common shares outstanding in the average weighted shares outstanding.
Workers’ Compensation The Company establishes accruals for workers’ compensation claims utilizing actuarial methods to
estimate the undiscounted future cash payments that will be made to satisfy the claims. The estimates are based both on
historical experience as well as current legal, economic and regulatory factors. When claims exceed the applicable loss limit or
self-insured retention and realization of recovery of the claim from existing insurance policies is deemed probable, the
Company records a receivable from the insurance company for the excess amount. The receivable is included in prepaid
expenses and other current assets and other assets in the consolidated balance sheet at year end. The Company regularly
updates its estimates, and the ultimate cost of these claims may be greater than or less than the established accrual.
56