ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS;
We operate in a highly competitive industry with low barriers to entry and may be unable to compete successfully
against existing or new competitors.
The worldwide stafﬁng services market is highly competitive with limited barriers to entry. We compete in global, national,
regional and local markets with full-service and specialized temporary stafﬁng and consulting companies. While the majority
of our competitors are signiﬁcantly smaller than us, several competitors, including Adecco S.A., Randstad Holding NV,
ManpowerGroup Inc., Allegis Group and Recruit Holdings, are considerably larger than we are and have more substantial
marketing and ﬁnancial resources. Additionally, the emergence of online stafﬁng platforms or other forms of disintermediation
may pose a competitive threat to our services, which operate under a more traditional staffing business model. Price
competition in the stafﬁng industry is intense, particularly for the provision of ofﬁce clerical and light industrial personnel. We
expect that the level of competition will remain high, which could limit our ability to maintain or increase our market share or
proﬁtability.
The number of customers distributing their stafﬁng service purchases among a broader group of competitors continues to
increase which, in some cases, may make it more difﬁcult for us to obtain new customers, or to retain or maintain our current
share of business, with existing customers. We also face the risk that our current or prospective customers may decide to
provide similar services internally. As a result, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter increased competition in
the future.
Our business is signiﬁcantly affected by ﬂuctuations in general economic conditions.
Demand for stafﬁng services is signiﬁcantly affected by the general level of economic activity and employment in the United
States and the other countries in which we operate. When economic activity increases, temporary employees are often added
before full-time employees are hired. As economic activity slows, however, many companies reduce their use of temporary
employees before laying off full-time employees. Signiﬁcant swings in economic activity historically have had a
disproportionate impact on stafﬁng industry volumes. We may also experience more competitive pricing pressure during
periods of economic downturn. A substantial portion of our revenues and earnings are generated by our business operations in
the United States. Any signiﬁcant economic downturn in the United States or certain other countries in which we operate could
have a material adverse effect on our business, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
Technological advances may signiﬁcantly disrupt the labor market and weaken demand for human capital at a rapid
rate.
Our success is directly dependent on our customers’ demands for talent. As technology continues to evolve, more tasks
currently performed by people may be replaced by automation, robotics, machine learning, artiﬁcial intelligence and other
technological advances outside of our control. This trend poses a risk to the stafﬁng industry as a whole, particularly in lower-
skill job categories that may be more susceptible to such replacement.
We may not achieve the intended effects of our business strategy.
Our business strategy focuses on driving growth in higher margin specialties in our OCG segment and in Americas PT. We
have made targeted investments, adjusted our operating models and increased the resources necessary for driving sustainable
growth within our targeted higher-margin solutions. If we are unsuccessful in executing our strategy, we may not achieve
either our stated goal of strong revenue growth or the intended productivity improvements, which could negatively impact
proﬁtability.
We are at risk of damage to our brand, which is important to our success.
Our success depends, in part, on the goodwill associated with our brand. Because we assign employees to work under the
direction and supervision of our customer at work locations not under Kelly’s control, we are at risk of our employees engaging
in unauthorized conduct that could harm our reputation. Our Kelly Educational Stafﬁng product is particularly susceptible to
this exposure. An occurrence that damages Kelly’s reputation could cause the loss of current and future customers, additional
regulatory scrutiny and liability to third parties.
Our intellectual property assets could be infringed upon or compromised, and there are limitations to our ability to
protect against such events.
Our success is dependent in part on our proprietary business processes, our intellectual property and our thought leadership. To
protect those rights, we depend upon protections afforded by the laws of the various countries in which we operate, as well as
7