Cyber attacks or other breaches of network or information technology security could have an adverse effect on our
systems, services, reputation and ﬁnancial results.
We rely upon multiple information technology systems and networks, some of which are web-based or managed by third
parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes
and activities. Our networks and applications are increasingly accessed from locations and by devices not within our physical
control, and the speciﬁcs of our technology systems and networks may vary by geographic region. In the course of ordinary
business, we may store or process proprietary or conﬁdential information concerning our business and ﬁnancial performance
and current, past or prospective employees, customers, vendors and managed suppliers. The secure and consistent operation of
these systems, networks and processes is critical to our business operations. Moreover, our temporary employees may be
exposed to, or have access to, similar information in the course of their customer assignments. We routinely experience cyber
attacks, which may include the use of malware, computer Viruses, social engineering schemes and other means of attempted
disruption or unauthorized access.
The actions we take to reduce the risk of impairments to our operations or systems and breaches of conﬁdential or proprietary
data may not be sufﬁcient to prevent or repel future cyber events or other impairments of our networks or information
technologies. An event involving the destruction, modiﬁcation, accidental or unauthorized release, or theft of sensitive
information from systems related to our business, or an attack that results in damage to or unavailability of our key technology
systems or those of critical vendors, could result in damage to our reputation, ﬁnes, regulatory sanctions or interventions,
contractual or ﬁnancial liabilities, additional compliance and remediation costs, loss of employees or customers, loss of
payment card network privileges, operational disruptions and other forms of costs, losses or reimbursements, any of which
could materially adversely affect our operations or ﬁnancial condition. Our cyber security and business continuity plans may
not be effective in anticipating, preventing and effectively responding to all potential cyber risk exposures. Our insurance
coverage may not be sufﬁcient to cover all such costs or consequences, and there can be no assurance that any insurance that
we now maintain will remain available under acceptable terms.
Damage to our key data centers could affect our ability to sustain critical business applications.
Many business processes critical to our continued operation are housed in our data center situated within the corporate
headquarters complex as well as regional data centers in Asia-Paciﬁc and Europe. Those processes include, but are not limited
to, payroll, customer reporting and order management. While we have taken steps to protect these operations and have
developed remote recovery capabilities, the loss of a data center would create a substantial risk of business interruption which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
Our information technology projects may not yield their intended results.
We have a number of information technology projects in process or in the planning stages, including improvements to applicant
onboarding and tracking systems, order management, and improvements to ﬁnancial processes such as billing and accounts
payable through system consolidation and upgrades. Although the technology is intended to increase productivity and
operating efﬁciencies, these projects may not yield their intended results. Any delays in completing, or an inability to
successfully complete, these technology initiatives or an inability to achieve the anticipated efﬁciencies could adversely affect
our operations, liquidity and ﬁnancial condition. In addition, our information technology investments and strategy may not
provide the ability to keep up with evolving industry trends and customer expectations which could weaken our competitive
position. We also do not currently utilize a single enterprise resource planning system, which limits our ability and increases
the amount of investment and effort necessary to provide global service integration to our customers.
Failure to maintain adequate ﬁnancial and management processes and controls could lead to errors in our ﬁnancial
reporting.
Failure to maintain adequate ﬁnancial and management processes and controls could lead to errors in our ﬁnancial reporting. If
our management is unable to certify the effectiveness of our internal controls or if our independent registered public accounting
ﬁrm cannot render an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls over ﬁnancial reporting, or if material weaknesses in
our internal controls are identiﬁed, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny and a loss of public conﬁdence. In addition, if
we do not maintain adequate ﬁnancial and management personnel, processes and controls, we may not be able to accurately
report our ﬁnancial performance on a timely basis, which could have a negative effect on our stock price.
1 1