KELLY SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Nature of Operations Kelly Services, Inc. is a global workforce solutions provider operating throughout the world.
Fiscal Year The Company’s ﬁscal year ends on the Sunday nearest to December 31. The three most recent years ended on
January 1, 2017 (2016, which contained 52 weeks), January 3, 2016 (2015, which contained 53 weeks) and December 28, 2014
(2014, which contained 52 weeks). Period costs included in selling, general and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses are
recorded on a calendar-year basis. The Company’s operations in Brazil are accounted for on a one-month lag. The Company’s
equity investment in TS Kelly Asia Paciﬁc and TS Kelly Workforce Solutions are accounted for on a one-quarter lag (see
Investment in TS Kelly Asia Paciﬁc footnote). Any material transactions in the intervening period are disclosed or accounted
for in the current reportng period.
Principles of Consolidation The consolidated ﬁnancial statements include the accounts and operations of the Company and its
wholly owned subsidiaries. In connection with the Company’s investment in TS Kelly Asia Paciﬁc in the third quarter of 2016,
the Commercial and PT stafﬁng operations and certain OCG businesses in the APAC region were deconsolidated at that time.
Certain prior period amounts have been reclassiﬁed to conform to the current presentation. All intercompany accounts and
transactions have been eliminated.
Available-For—Sale Investment The Company’s available-for—sale investment, as further described in the Fair Value
Measurements footnote, is carried at fair value with the unrealized gains or losses, net of tax, included as a component of
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders’ equity. Realized losses and declines in value below cost
judged to be other-than-temporary, if any, are included as a component of asset impairments expense in the consolidated
statement of earnings. The fair value of the available-for-sale investment is based on quoted market prices.
Foreign Currency Translation All of the Company’s international subsidiaries use their local currency as their functional
currency, which is the currency in which they transact the majority of their activities. Revenue and expense accounts of foreign
subsidiaries are translated to US. dollars at average exchange rates, while assets and liabilities are translated to US. dollars at
year-end exchange rates. Resulting translation adjustments, net of tax, where applicable, are reported as accumulated foreign
currency translation adjustments in stockholders’ equity and are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive
income.
Revenue Recognition Revenue from services is recognized as services are provided by the temporary or contract employees.
Revenue from permanent placement services is recognized at the time the permanent placement candidate begins full-time
employment. Revenue from other fee-based services is recognized when the services are provided. Revenues from sales of
services and the related direct costs are recorded in accordance with the accounting guidance on reporting revenue gross as a
principal versus net as an agent. When we act as an agent, we report the revenues on a net basis. Provisions for sales
allowances (billing adjustments related to errors, service issues and compromises on billing disputes), based on historical
experience, are recognized at the time the related sale is recognized as a reduction in revenue from services.
Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts Receivable The Company records an allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable
based on historical loss experience, customer payment patterns and current economic trends. The reserve for sales allowances,
as discussed above, is also included in the allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable. The Company reviews the
adequacy of the allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable on a quarterly basis and, if necessary, increases or decreases
the balance by recording a charge or credit to SG&A expenses for the portion of the adjustment relating to uncollectible
accounts receivable, and a charge or credit to revenue from services for the portion of the adjustment relating to sales
allowances.
Cost of Services Cost of services are those costs directly associated with the earning of revenue. The primary examples of
these types of costs are temporary employee wages, along with associated payroll taxes, temporary employee beneﬁts, such as
service bonus and holiday pay, and workers’ compensation costs. These costs differ fundamentally from SG&A expenses in
that they arise speciﬁcally from the action of providing our services to customers whereas SG&A costs are incurred regardless
of whether or not we place temporary employees with our customers.
Advertising Expenses Advertising expenses, which are expensed as incurred and are included in SG&A expenses, were $7.6
million in 2016 and 2015 and $9.7 million in 2014.
Use of Estimates The preparation of ﬁnancial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements and
accompanying notes. Estimates are used for, but not limited to, the accounting for the allowance for uncollectible accounts
54