Financial Measures
The constant currency (“CC”) change amounts in the following tables refer to the year-over-year percentage changes resulting
from translating 2016 ﬁnancial data into U.S. dollars using the same foreign currency exchange rates used to translate ﬁnancial
data for 2015. We believe that CC measurements are a useful measure, indicating the actual trends of our operations without
distortion due to currency ﬂuctuations. We use CC results when analyzing the performance of our segments and measuring our
results against that of our competitors. Additionally, substantially all of our foreign subsidiaries derive revenues and incur cost
of services and selling, general and administrative expenses (“SG&A”) within a single country and currency which, as a result,
provide a natural hedge against currency risks in connection with their normal business operations.
CC measures are non-GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) measures and are used to supplement measures in
accordance with GAAP. Our non-GAAP measures may be calculated differently from those provided by other companies,
limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. Non-GAAP measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior
to, measures of ﬁnancial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Return on sales (earnings from operations divided by revenue from services) and conversion rate (earnings from operations
divided by gross proﬁt) in the following tables are ratios used to measure the Company’s operating efﬁciency.
Days sales outstanding (“DSO”) represents the numbers days that sales remain unpaid for the period being reported. DSO is
calculated by dividing average net sales per day (net sales excluding secondary supplier expense for a rolling three-month
period) into trade accounts receivable, net at the period end.
Free cash ﬂow measures the Company’s ability to generate the cash ﬂow in excess of that used to maintain operations. Free
cash ﬂow is calculated by subtracting capital expenditures from cash ﬂows from operating activities.
Stafﬁng Fee-Based Income
Stafﬁng fee-based income, which is included in revenue from services in the following tables, has a signiﬁcant impact on gross
proﬁt rates. There are very low direct costs of services associated with stafﬁng fee-based income. Therefore, increases or
decreases in stafﬁng fee-based income can have a disproportionate impact on gross proﬁt rates.
22