We monitor the credit ratings of our major banking partners on a regular basis and have regular discussions with them. Based
on our reviews and communications, we believe the risk of one or more of our banks not being able to honor commitments is
insigniﬁcant. We also review the ratings and holdings of our money market funds and other investment vehicles regularly to
ensure high credit quality and access to our invested cash.
Critical Accounting Estimates
We prepare our consolidated ﬁnancial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. In this process, it is necessary for us to make certain assumptions and related estimates affecting the amounts reported
in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements and the attached notes. Actual results can differ from assumed and estimated amounts.
Critical accounting estimates are those that we believe require the most difﬁcult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a
result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. We base our estimates on
historical experience and on various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of
which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
other sources. Judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those estimates may result in materially different
amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. We consider the following estimates to be
most critical in understanding the judgments involved in preparing our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
Workers ’ Compensation
In the U.S., we have a combination of insurance and self-insurance contracts under which we effectively bear the ﬁrst $1.0
million of risk per single accident. There is no aggregate limitation on our per-accident exposure under these insurance and
self-insurance programs. We establish accruals for workers’ compensation utilizing actuarial methods to estimate the
undiscounted future cash payments that will be made to satisfy the claims, including an allowance for incurred-but-not-reported
claims. Beginning in Q3 2016, we retained an independent consulting actuary to establish ultimate loss forecasts for the
current and prior accident years of our insurance and self-insurance programs. Previously, we performed such analysis
internally. The consulting actuary establishes loss development factors, based on our historical claims experience as well as
industry experience, and applies those factors to current claims information to derive an estimate of our ultimate claims
liability. In preparing the estimates, the consulting actuary also considers the nature, frequency and severity of the claims;
reserving practices of our third party claims administrators; performance of our medical cost management and return to work
programs; changes in our territory and business line mix; and current legal, economic and regulatory factors such as industry
estimates of medical cost trends. Where appropriate, multiple generally accepted actuarial techniques are applied and tested in
the course of preparing the loss forecast. We use the ultimate loss forecasts, as developed by the consulting actuary, to establish
total expected program costs for each accident year by adding our estimates of non-loss costs such as claims handling fees and
excess insurance premiums. When claims exceed the applicable loss limit or self-insured retention and realization of recovery
of the claim from existing insurance policies is deemed probable, we record a receivable from the insurance company for the
excess amount.
We evaluate the accrual regularly throughout the year and make adjustments as needed. The ultimate cost of these claims may
be greater than or less than the established accrual. While we believe that the recorded amounts are reasonable, there can be no
assurance that changes to our estimates will not occur due to limitations inherent in the estimation process. In the event we
determine that a smaller or larger accrual is appropriate, we would record a credit or a charge to cost of services in the period in
which we made such a determination. The accrual for workers’ compensation, net of related receivables which are included in
prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets in the consolidated balance sheet, was $59.7 million and $57.3
million at year-end 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Income Taxes
Income tax expense is based on expected income and statutory tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate.
Judgment is required in determining our income tax expense. We establish accruals for uncertain tax positions under generally
accepted accounting principles, which require that a position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return be recognized in the
consolidated ﬁnancial statements when it is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood of more than ﬁfty percent) the position
would be sustained upon examination by tax authorities who have full knowledge of all relevant information. A recognized tax
position is then measured at the largest amount of beneﬁt that is greater than ﬁfty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate
settlement.
Our effective tax rate includes the impact of accruals and changes to accruals that we consider appropriate, as well as related
interest and penalties. A number of years may lapse before a particular matter, for which we have or have not established an
accrual, is audited and ﬁnally resolved. While it is often difﬁcult to predict the ﬁnal outcome or the timing of resolution of any
particular tax matter, we believe that our accruals are appropriate under generally accepted accounting principles. Favorable or
34