ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISEJJ§§ION AND ANALYSISiOF FINANCIAL CQNDITION AND RESiULTSiOF
OPERATIONS.
Executive Overview
The Workforce Solutions Industry
The stafﬁng industry has changed dramatically over the last decade — transformed by globalization, competitive consolidation
and secular shifts in labor supply and demand. Global employment trends are reshaping and redeﬁning traditional employment
models, sourcing strategies and human resource capability requirements. In response, the industry has accelerated its evolution
from commercial into professional/technical and outsourced solutions.
The broader workforce solutions industry has continued to evolve to meet businesses’ growing demand for total workforce or
talent supply chain management (“TSCM”) solutions. As clients’ workforce solutions strategies move up the maturity model,
the TSCM concept seeks to manage all categories of talent (temporary, proj ect—based, outsourced and full-time) and thus
represents signiﬁcant market potential.
Strategic clients are increasingly looking for global, ﬂexible and holistic talent solutions that encompass all worker categories,
driving adoption of our TSCM approach covering temporary stafﬁng, Contingent Workforce Outsourcing (“CWO”),
Recruitment Process Outsourcing (“RPO”), Business Process Outsourcing (“BPO”), independent contractor management,
strategic workforce planning and more.
Across all regions, the structural shifts toward higher-skilled, project-based professional/technical talent continue to represent
long-term opportunities for the industry. In fact, professional/technical stafﬁng is projected to increase as a percent of the
global market, with demand for specialty stafﬁng projected to outpace commercial.
Our Business
Kelly Services is a global workforce solutions company, serving customers of all sizes in a variety of industries. Our staffing
operations are divided into three regions (Americas, EMEA and APAC), with commercial and professional/technical stafﬁng
businesses in each region. As the human capital arena has become more complex, we have also developed a suite of innovative
solutions within our global Outsourcing & Consulting Group (OCG). OCG delivers integrated talent management solutions to
meet customer needs across the entire spectrum of talent categories. Using talent supply chain strategies, we help customers
plan for and manage their acquisition of contingent and ﬁlll-time labor, and gain access to service providers and quality talent at
competitive rates with minimized risk. In July 2016, we transferred our APAC Commercial and APAC PT stafﬁng operations
to TS Kelly Asia Paciﬁc, an expanded joint venture with our long-time partner, Temp Holdings. OCG in the APAC region
remains wholly Kelly-owned and continues to provide holistic workforce solutions throughout the APAC region.
We earn revenues from the hourly sales of services by our temporary employees to customers, as a result of recruiting
permanent employees for our customers, and through our outsourcing activities. Our working capital requirements are
primarily generated from temporary employee payroll and customer accounts receivable. The nature of our business is such
that trade accounts receivable are our most signiﬁcant asset. Average days sales outstanding varies within and outside the US,
but is 53 days on a global basis as of the 2016 year end. Since receipts from customers generally lag temporary employee
payroll, working capital requirements increase substantially in periods of growth.
Our Strategy and Outlook
Our long-term strategic objective is to create shareholder value by delivering a competitive proﬁt from the best workforce
solutions and talent in the industry. To achieve this, we are focused on the following key areas:
0 Maintain our core strengths in commercial stafﬁng in key markets;
° Grow our professional and technical solutions;
0 Enhance our position as a market-leading provider of talent supply chain management in our OCG segment; and
° Lower our costs through deployment of efﬁcient service delivery models.
2016 was a year of progress as we pursued this strategy. Even in the face of slowing revenue, we improved on several
important key performance indicators, including improving our conversion rate and free cash ﬂow. In addition, we raised the
cash dividend for our shareholders based on our conﬁdence in our execution and completed the expansion of our joint venture
with Temp Holdings, forming one of the largest workforce solutions companies in the Asia-Paciﬁc region, TS Kelly Asia
Paciﬁc. We are running our stafﬁng operations more tightly in line with growth expectations, and we took actions during the
20