KELLY SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
receivable, workers’ compensation, goodwill and long-lived asset impairment, litigation costs and income taxes. Actual results
could differ materially from those estimates.
Cash and Equivalents Cash and equivalents are stated at fair value. The Company considers securities with original
maturities of three months or less to be cash and equivalents.
Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost and are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their
estimated useful lives. Cost and estimated useful lives of property and equipment by function are as follows:
7 Category 7 7 2016 7 7 2015 7 7 Life 7
(In millions of dollars)
[Land $ 3.8 $ 3.8 — 1
Work in process 0.8 2.5 —
lBuildings and improvements 61.1 60.2 15 to 45 years ‘
Computer hardware and software 145.0 229.5 3 to 12 years
lEquipment, furniture and ﬁxtures 33.8 34.0 5 years ‘
Leasehold improvements 25.5 31.8 The lesser of the life
of the lease or 5
years.
lTotal property and equipment $ 270.0 _ $ 361.8 ‘
The Company capitalizes external costs and internal payroll costs directly incurred in the development of software for internal
use as required by the Internal-Use Software Subtopic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting
Standards Codiﬁcation (“ASC”). Work in process represents capitalized costs for internal use software not yet in service.
Depreciation expense was $20.7 million for 2016, $21.4 million for 2015 and $20.3 million for 2014.
Operating Leases The Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. This includes the impact
of both scheduled rent increases and free or reduced rents (commonly referred to as “rent holidays”). The Company records
allowances provided by landlords for leasehold improvements as deferred rent in the consolidated balance sheet and as
operating cash ﬂows in the consolidated statements of cash ﬂows.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets
acquired. Purchased intangible assets with deﬁnite lives are recorded at estimated fair value at the date of acquisition and are
amortized over their respective useful lives (from 3 to 15 years) on a straight-line basis or, if appropriate, on an accelerated
basis commensurate with the related cash ﬂows.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets, Goodwill and Intangible Assets The Company evaluates long-lived assets and intangible
assets with deﬁnite lives for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an
asset may not be recoverable. When estimated undiscounted future cash ﬂows will not be sufﬁcient to recover the asset group’s
carrying amount, in which the long-lived asset being tested for impairment resides, the asset is written down to its estimated
fair value. Assets to be disposed of by sale, if any, are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or estimated fair value less
cost to sell.
We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually in the fourth quarter and whenever events or circumstances
make it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred. We have determined that our reporting units are the same
as our operating and reportable segments based on our organizational structure and the ﬁnancial information that is provided to
and reviewed by the chief operating decision makers (“CODM”). We may use a qualitative assessment for one or more
reporting units for the annual goodwill impairment test if we have determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value
of the reporting unit(s) is more than their carrying value.
For reporting units where the qualitative assessment is not used, goodwill is tested for impairment using a two-step process. In
the ﬁrst step, the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is compared to its carrying value. If the estimated fair value of a
reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the net assets assigned to a reporting unit, goodwill is not considered impaired and
no further testing is required.
If the carrying value of the net assets assigned to a reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair value of a reporting unit, a second
step of the impairment test is performed in order to determine the implied fair value of a reporting unit’s goodwill. If the
55