contractual language and our own enforcement initiatives. These defenses may not be sufﬁcient to fully protect us or to deter
infringement or other misappropriation of our trade secrets and other intellectual property. In addition, third parties may
challenge the validity or enforceability of our intellectual property rights. We also face the risk that third parties may allege
that the operation of our business infringes or otherwise misappropriates intellectual property rights that they own or license.
Losses or claims of this nature could cause us to incur signiﬁcant expense, harm our reputation, reduce our competitive
advantages or prevent us from offering certain services or solutions. The remedies available to us may be limited or leave us
without full compensation.
If we fail to successfully develop new service offerings, we may be unable to retain our current customers and gain new
customers and our revenues would decline.
The process of developing new service offerings requires accurate anticipation of customers’ changing needs and emerging
technological trends. This may require that we make long-term investments and commit signiﬁcant resources before knowing
whether these investments will eventually result in service offerings that achieve customer acceptance and generate the
revenues required to provide desired returns. If we fail to accurately anticipate and meet our customers’ needs through the
development of new service offerings, our competitive position could be weakened and that could materially adversely affect
our results of operations and ﬁnancial condition.
As we increasingly offer services outside the realm of traditional stafﬁng, including business process outsourcing, we are
exposed to additional risks which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Our business strategy focuses on growing our outsourcing and consulting business, including business process outsourcing,
where we provide operational management of our customers’ non-core functions or departments. This could expose us to
certain risks unique to that business, including product liability or product recalls. Although we have internal vetting processes
intended to control such risks, there is no assurance that these processes will be effective. Additionally, while we maintain
insurance in types and amounts we believe are appropriate in light of the aforementioned exposures, there can also be no
assurance that such insurance policies will remain available on reasonable terms or be sufficient in amount or scope of
coverage.
We are increasingly dependent on third parties for the execution of critical functions.
We do not maintain our own vendor management technology, and we have outsourced certain other critical applications or
business processes to external providers, including cloud-based services. We have elected to enter into supplier partnerships
rather than establishing or maintaining our own operations in some of the territories where our customers require our services.
We do not maintain a controlling interest in our expanded stafﬁng joint venture in Asia Paciﬁc (TS Kelly Asia Paciﬁc) and have
elected to rely on the joint venture to provide certain back ofﬁce and administrative services to our OCG operations in the
region. The failure or inability to perform on the part of one or more of these critical suppliers or partners could cause
signiﬁcant disruptions and increased costs.
Past and future acquisitions may not be successful.
From time to time, we acquire and invest in companies throughout the world. Acquisitions involve a number of risks, including
the diversion of management’s attention from its existing operations, the failure to retain key personnel or customers of an
acquired business, the failure to realize anticipated beneﬁts such as cost savings and revenue enhancements, the potentially
substantial transaction costs associated with acquisitions, the assumption of unknown liabilities of the acquired business and the
inability to successfully integrate the business into our operations. Potential impairment losses could result if we overpay for
an acquisition. There can be no assurance that any past or future acquired businesses will generate anticipated revenues or
earnings.
Investments in equity afﬁliates expose us to additional risks and uncertainties.
We participate, or may participate in the future, in certain investments in equity afﬁliates, such as joint ventures or other equity
investments with strategic partners, including TS Kelly Asia Pacific. These arrangements expose us to a number of risks,
including the risk that the management of the combined venture may not be able to fulﬁll their performance obligations under
the management agreements or that the joint venture parties may be incapable of providing the required ﬁnancial support.
Additionally, improper, illegal or unethical actions by the venture management could have a negative impact on the reputation
of the venture and our company.
8