PART I
Unless the context otherwise requires, throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K the words “Kelly,” “Kelly Services,” “the
Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Kelly Services, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.
ITEM 1. BUSINESS,
History and Development of Business
Founded by William R. Kelly in 1946, Kelly Services® has developed innovative workforce solutions for customers in a variety
of industries throughout our 70-year history. Our range of solutions has grown steadily over the years to match the changing
needs of our customers and to reﬂect the changing nature of our work.
We have evolved from a United States-based company concentrating primarily on traditional ofﬁce stafﬁng into a global
workforce solutions leader offering a full breadth of specialty services. While ranking as one of the world’s largest scientiﬁc
stafﬁng providers, we also place professional and technical employees at all levels in engineering, IT, law, healthcare and
ﬁnance. These specialty services complement our expertise in ofﬁce services, education, contact center, light industrial and
electronic assembly stafﬁng. As the human capital arena has become more complex, we have also developed a talent supply
chain management approach to help many of the world’s largest companies plan for and manage their workforce. Innovative
solutions supporting this approach span outsourcing, consulting, recruitment, career transition and vendor management
services.
Geographic Breadth of Services
Headquartered in Troy, Michigan, Kelly provides workforce solutions to a diversiﬁed group of customers in three regions: the
Americas; Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (“EMEA”); and Asia Paciﬁc (“APAC”). Our customer base spans a
variety of industries and includes 95 of the Fortune 1 OOTM companies.
In 2016, we assigned nearly 500,000 temporary employees to a variety of customers around the globe.
Description of Business Segments
Our operations are divided into seven principal business segments: Americas Commercial, Americas Professional and
Technical (“Americas PT”), EMEA Commercial, EMEA Professional and Technical (“EMEA PT”), APAC Commercial,
APAC Professional and Technical (“APAC PT”) and Outsourcing and Consulting Group (“OCG”). In July 2016, we
transferred our APAC Commercial and APAC PT stafﬁng operations to TS Kelly Asia Paciﬁc, an expanded joint venture with
our long-time partner, Temp Holdings. Kelly retains a 49% ownership interest in TS Kelly Asia Paciﬁc. OCG in the APAC
region remains wholly Kelly-owned and continues to provide holistic workforce solutions throughout the APAC region.
Americas Commercial
Our Americas Commercial segment specialties include: Ofﬁce, providing trained employees for data entry, clerical and
administrative support roles across numerous industries; Contact Center, providing staff for contact centers, technical support
hotlines and telemarketing units; Education, supplying schools nationwide with instructional and non-instructional employees;
Marketing, providing support staff for seminars, sales and trade shows; Electronic Assembly, providing assemblers, quality
control inspectors and technicians; and Light Industrial, placing maintenance workers, material handlers and assemblers. We
also offer a temporary-to-hire service that provides customers and temporary staff the opportunity to evaluate their relationship
before making a full-time employment decision, as well as a direct-hire placement service and vendor on-site management.
Americas PT
Our Americas PT segment includes a number of specialty stafﬁng services: Science, providing all levels of scientists and
scientiﬁc and clinical research workforce solutions; Engineering, supplying engineering professionals across all disciplines,
including aeronautical, chemical, civil/structural, electrical/instrumentation, environmental, industrial, mechanical, petroleum,
pharmaceutical, quality and telecommunications; Information Technology, placing IT specialists across all disciplines; Creative
Services, placing creative talent in the spectrum of creative services positions; Finance and Accounting, serving the needs of
corporate ﬁnance departments, accounting ﬁrms and ﬁnancial institutions with all levels of ﬁnancial professionals; Healthcare,
providing all levels of healthcare specialists and professionals; and Law, placing legal professionals including attorneys,
paralegals, contract administrators, compliance specialists and legal administrators. Our temporary-to-hire service, direct-hire
placement service and vendor on-site management are also offered in this segment.
3