ITEM 7A.7QIJANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISELCLSDRES ABOiUT MARKET RISK.
We are exposed to foreign currency risk primarily related to our foreign subsidiaries. Exchange rates impact the US. dollar
value of our reported earnings, our investments in subsidiaries, local currency denominated borrowings and intercompany
transactions with and between subsidiaries. Our foreign subsidiaries primarily derive revenues and incur expenses within a
single country and currency which, as a result, provide a natural hedge against currency risks in connection with normal
business operations. Accordingly, changes in foreign currency rates vs. the US. dollar generally do not impact local cash
ﬂows. Intercompany transactions which create foreign currency risk include services, royalties, loans, contributions and
distributions.
In addition, we are exposed to interest rate risks through our use of the multi-currency line of credit and other borrowings. A
hypothetical ﬂuctuation of 10% of market interest rates would not have had a material impact on 2016 earnings.
Marketable equity investments, representing our available-for-sale investment in Temp Holdings, are stated at fair value and
marked to market through stockholders’ equity, net of tax. Impairments in value below historical cost, if any, deemed to be
other than temporary, would be expensed in the consolidated statement of earnings. See the Fair Value Measurements footnote
in the notes to our consolidated financial statements of this Annual Report on Form lO-K for further discussion.
We are exposed to market risk as a result of our obligation to pay benefits under our nonqualified deferred compensation plan
and our related investments in company-owned variable universal life insurance policies. The obligation to employees
increases and decreases based on movements in the equity and debt markets. The investments in mutual funds, as part of the
company-owned variable universal life insurance policies, are designed to mitigate, but not eliminate, this risk with offsetting
gains and losses.
Overall, our holdings and positions in market risk-sensitive instruments do not subject us to material risk.
38