Our step one analysis used signiﬁcant assumptions by segment, including: expected ﬁlture revenue and expense growth rates,
proﬁt margins, cost of capital, discount rate and forecasted capital expenditures. Although we believe the assumptions and
estimates we have made are reasonable and appropriate, different assumptions and estimates could materially impact our
reported ﬁnancial results. Different assumptions of the anticipated future results and growth from these businesses could result
in an impairment charge, which would decrease operating income and result in lower asset values on our consolidated balance
sheet. As a measure of sensitivity, all three reporting units have an estimated fair value that is at least double the carrying value
in 2016. In addition, reducing our revenue growth rate assumptions by approximately 75% would not result in the estimated
fair value falling below book value for all three reporting units.
At year-end 2016 and 2015, total goodwill amounted to $88.4 million and $90.3 million, respectively (see the Goodwill
footnote in the notes to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements).
Litigation
Kelly is subject to legal proceedings and claims arising out of the normal course of business. Kelly routinely assesses the
likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters, as well as ranges of probable losses. A determination of the
amount of the accruals required, if any, for these contingencies is made after analysis of each known issue. Development of the
analysis includes consideration of many factors including: potential exposure, the status of proceedings, negotiations,
discussions with our outside counsel, results of similar litigation and, in the case of class action lawsuits, participation rates.
The required accruals may change in the ﬁlture due to new developments in each matter. For further discussion, see the
Contingencies footnote in the notes to our consolidated ﬁnancial statements. At year-end 2016 and 2015, the gross accrual for
litigation costs amounted to $9.2 million and $9.9 million, respectively, which are included in accounts payable and accrued
liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet.
Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts Receivable
We make ongoing estimates relating to the collectibility of our trade accounts receivable and maintain an allowance for
estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. In determining the amount of the
allowance, we consider our historical level of credit losses and apply percentages to certain aged receivable categories. We also
make judgments about the creditworthiness of signiﬁcant customers based on ongoing credit evaluations, and we monitor
historical trends that might impact the level of credit losses in the future. Historically, losses from uncollectible accounts have
not exceeded our allowance. Since we cannot predict with certainty future changes in the ﬁnancial stability of our customers,
actual future losses from uncollectible accounts may differ from our estimates. If the ﬁnancial condition of our customers were
to deteriorate, resulting in their inability to make payments, a larger allowance may be required.
In the event we determined that a smaller or larger allowance was appropriate, we would record a credit or a charge to SG&A
expenses in the period in which we made such a determination. In addition, for billing adjustments related to errors, service
issues and compromises on billing disputes, we also include a provision for sales allowances, based on our historical
experience, in our allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable. If sales allowances vary from our historical experience, an
adjustment to the allowance may be required, and we would record a credit or charge to revenue from services in the period in
which we made such a determination. As of year-end 2016 and 2015 , the allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable was
$12.5 million and $10.5 million, respectively.
36