A loss of major customers or a change in such customers’ buying behavior could have a material adverse effect on our
business.
Our business strategy is focused on serving large corporate customers through high volume global service agreements. While
our strategy is intended to enable us to increase our revenues and earnings from our major corporate customers, the strategy
also exposes us to increased risks arising from the possible loss of major customer accounts. The deterioration of the ﬁnancial
condition or business prospects of these customers could reduce their need for stafﬁng and OCG services and result in a
signiﬁcant decrease in the revenues and earnings we derive from these customers. Continuing merger and acquisition activity
involving our large corporate customers could put existing business at risk or impose additional pricing pressures. Since
receipts from customers generally lag payroll to temporary employees, the bankruptcy of a major customer could have a
material adverse impact on our ability to meet our working capital requirements. Additionally, most of our customer contracts
can be terminated by the customer on short notice without penalty. This creates uncertainty with respect to the revenues and
earnings we may recognize with respect to our customer contracts.
Our business with large customer accounts reﬂects a market-driven shift in buying behaviors in which reliance on a small
number of stafﬁng partners has shifted to reliance upon outsourced workforce solutions. The movement from single-sourced to
competitively sourced stafﬁng contracts may also substantially reduce our future revenues from such customers. While Kelly
has sought to address this trend with the adoption of talent supply chain strategies, including providing CWO services within
our OCG segment, we may not be selected or retained as the CWO service provider by our large customers. This may result in
a material decrease in the revenue we derive from providing stafﬁng services to such customers.
Our business with the federal government and government contractors presents additional risk considerations. We must comply
with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of federal government contracts. Failure to
meet these obligations could result in civil penalties, ﬁnes, suspension of payments, reputational damage, disqualiﬁcation from
doing business with government agencies and other sanctions or adverse consequences. Government procurement practices
may change in ways that impose additional costs or risks upon us or pose a competitive disadvantage. Our employees may be
unable to obtain or retain the security clearances necessary to conduct business under certain contracts, or we could lose or be
unable to secure or retain a necessary facility clearance. Government agencies may temporarily or permanently lose funding
for awarded contracts, or there could be delays in the start-up of projects already awarded and funded.
We conduct a signiﬁcant portion of our operations outside of the United States and we are subject to risks relating to
our international business activities, including ﬂuctuations in currency exchange rates and numerous legal and
regulatory requirements.
We conduct our business in most major stafﬁng markets throughout the world. Our operations outside the United States are
subject to risks inherent in international business activities, including:
0 ﬂuctuations in currency exchange rates;
0 restrictions or limitations on the transfer of funds;
0 government intrusions including asset seizures, expropriations or de facto control;
0 varying economic and political conditions;
0 differences in cultures and business practices;
0 differences in employment and tax laws and regulations;
0 differences in accounting and reporting requirements;
0 differences in labor and market conditions;
0 changing and, in some cases, complex or ambiguous laws and regulations;
° violations of US. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-corruption laws; and
0 litigation and claims.
Our operations outside the United States are reported in the applicable local currencies and then translated into US. dollars at
the applicable currency exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated ﬁnancial statements. Exchange rates for currencies of
these countries may ﬂuctuate in relation to the US. dollar and these ﬂuctuations may have an adverse or favorable effect on our
operating results when translating foreign currencies into US. dollars.
We depend on our ability to attract, develop and retain qualiﬁed permanent full-time employees to lead complex talent
supply chain sales solutions.
As we aim to expand the number of clients adopting a talent supply chain management approach in order to support our OCG
growth strategy, we are highly reliant on individuals who possess specialized knowledge and skills to lead complex talent
supply chain sales and operations. There can be no assurance that qualiﬁed personnel will continue to be available. Our
success is increasingly dependent on our ability to attract, develop and retain these experts.
9