KELLY SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
additional information about the nature of an organization’s leasing activities. This ASU is effective for annual periods, and
interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15 , 2018 and requires modiﬁed retrospective
application. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on our consolidated
ﬁnancial statements and related disclosures. As our branch operations are primarily conducted in leased facilities, this ASU
will likely have a material impact on our balance sheet, may have a material impact to our statement of earnings and will
require us to disclose additional information about our leasing activities. We plan to establish a cross-functional
implementation team in 2017 to further assess the impact of the standard.
In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01 amending the current guidance for how entities measure certain equity
investments, the accounting for ﬁnancial liabilities under the fair value option, and the presentation and disclosure requirements
relating to ﬁnancial instruments. The new guidance requires entities to use fair value measurement for equity investments in
unconsolidated entities, excluding equity method investments, and to recognize the changes in fair value in net income at the
end of each reporting period. Under the new standard, for any ﬁnancial liabilities in which the fair value option has been
elected, the changes in fair value due to instrument-speciﬁc credit risk must be recognized separately in other comprehensive
income. Presentation and disclosure requirements under the new guidance require public business entities to use the exit price
when measuring the fair value of ﬁnancial instruments measured at amortized cost. In addition, ﬁnancial assets and liabilities
must now be presented separately in the notes to the ﬁnancial statements and grouped by measurement category and form of
ﬁnancial asset. This ASU is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after
December 15, 2017. Early adoption is only permitted for the ﬁnancial liability provision. We are currently evaluating the
impact of the new guidance on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements and related disclosures. This standard will impact how we
recognize changes in the fair value of our available-for—sale investment and could have a material impact on our ﬁnancial
statements.
In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15 requiring management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events,
considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity’s ability to continue as a going concern, which is
currently performed by the external auditors. Management will be required to perform this assessment for both interim and
annual reporting periods and must make certain disclosures if it concludes that substantial doubt exists. This ASU is effective
for annual periods ending after December 15 , 2016 and for interim periods thereafter. The adoption of this guidance did not
have a material effect on our ﬁnancial statements.
In May 2014, the FASB issued new revenue recognition guidance under ASU 2014-09 that will supersede the existing revenue
recognition guidance under US. GAAP. The new standard focuses on creating a single source of revenue guidance for revenue
arising from contracts with customers for all industries. The objective of the new standard is for companies to recognize
revenue when it transfers the promised goods or services to its customers at an amount that represents what the company
expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. In July 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date by one year
(ASU 2015 -14). This ASU will now be effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning
on or after December 15 , 2017. Early adoption is permitted, but not before the original effective date of December 15 , 2016.
Since the issuance of the original standard, the FASB has issued several other subsequent updates including the following: 1)
clariﬁcation of the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations (ASU 2016-08); 2) further guidance on
identifying performance obligations in a contract as well as clariﬁcations on the licensing implementation guidance (ASU
2016-10); 3) rescission of several SEC Staff Announcements that are codiﬁed in Topic 605 (ASU 2016-11); 4) additional
guidance and practical expedients in response to identiﬁed implementation issues (ASU 2016-12); and 5) technical corrections
and improvements (ASU 2016-20). The new standard will be effective for us beginning January 1, 2018.
We established a cross-functional implementation team consisting of representatives from across our business segments and
various departments. We utilized a bottoms-up approach to analyze the impact of the standard on our various revenue streams
by reviewing our current contracts with customers, accounting policies and business practices to identify potential differences
that would result from applying the requirements of the new standard. In addition, we identiﬁed, and are in the process of
implementing, appropriate changes to our business processes, systems and controls to support recognition and disclosure under
the new standard.
We have been closely monitoring FASB activity related to the new standard to conclude on speciﬁc interpretive issues. During
2016, we made signiﬁcant progress toward completing our evaluation of the potential impact that adopting the new standard
will have on our consolidated results of operations, consolidated ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows. We expect to implement the
standard with the modiﬁed retrospective approach beginning January 1, 2018, which recognizes the cumulative effect of
application recognized on that date.
Revenue on the majority of our contracts with customers will continue to be recognized over time as services are rendered. The
impact of adopting ASU 2014-09 primarily relates to deferring contract costs and estimating variable (or contingent) consideration
when the estimation will not result in the reversal of that revenue in subsequent periods.
Management has evaluated other recently issued accounting pronouncements and does not believe that any of these
pronouncements will have a signiﬁcant impact on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements and related disclosures.
75