Exhibit 14
KELLY SERVICES, INC.
CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS
August 8, 2016
Kelly Services, Inc. (“the Company") is committed to doing the right thing, conducting ourselves in a legal, ethical, and
trustworthy manner, upholding our regulatory obligations, and complying with both the letter and spirit of our business policies
and applicable local laws in the countries where we operate. The Board of Directors (the "Board") of the Company has adopted
the following Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the “Code”) for itself and the officers and employees of the Company and
its subsidiaries.
The Code is intended to help us recognize and deal with ethical issues, deter wrongdoing, provide mechanisms to report, and
prevent dishonest or unethical conduct and foster a culture of honesty and accountability.
Each of us has a personal responsibility to conduct ourselves, and ensure that our suppliers, agents, and representatives are
aware of their obligation to conduct themselves, in a legal, ethical way and to comply with both the letter and the spirit of this
Code.
No code or policy can anticipate every situation that may arise. This Code is intended to serve as a guide. Employees are
encouraged to ask their manager questions about particular circumstances that may involve the provisions of this Code.
Employees also may present their questions to the Vice President, Internal Audit, or the General Counsel.
Conﬂict of Interest:
A "conﬂict of interest" occurs when our individual personal interests interfere, or appear to interfere, in any way with the
interests of the Company. Each of us must act with integrity and avoid any relationship or activity that might impair our ability
to make objective and fair decisions in the course of fulﬁlling our job responsibilities. The way we conduct ourselves in the
work environment impacts our reputation and the trust we maintain with customers, employees, candidates, applicants,
vendors, and suppliers. By avoiding conﬂicts of interest, this group of Kelly stakeholders clearly understands our commitment
to maintaining the integrity of the Company.
This Code does not attempt to describe all possible conﬂicts of interest which could develop. Some of the more common
conﬂicts from which we should refrain, are:
0 an employee or a family member receiving an improper personal beneﬁt as a result of the employee’s position with the
Company. A “family member” means a spouse, parents, children, siblings (whether by blood, marriage, or adoption),
or anyone who resides in an employee’s home;
0 knowingly engaging in any conduct or activity that is inconsistent with the Company's best interests or that disrupts or
impairs the Company's relationship with any person or entity with which the Company has or proposes to enter into a
business or contractual relationship;
0 accepting compensation, in any form, from any source other than the Company, which affects job performance in any
Way;
0 offering, giving, or receiving gifts to or from anyone who deals with the Company in cases where the gift is being
made to inﬂuence our actions in our position with the Company, or where acceptance of the gifts could create the
appearance of an impropriety.
Any situation that involves, or may reasonably be expected to involve, a conﬂict of interest with the Company must be
disclosed immediately to the Vice President, Internal Audit or the General Counsel.
Directors and executive ofﬁcers must seek determination and prior authorization or approval of potential conﬂicts of interest
from the Audit Committee.
1