If you communicate about Kelly externally using online social media, you are expected to observe the guidelines of Kelly’s
Social Media Policy.
Proteicﬁon and Proper Useiof Company Assets
We must each protect the Company's assets and ensure their efﬁcient use. No one is to use Company assets for personal
beneﬁt.
Fair Dealing
We have a responsibility to deal fairly with each other and our customers, employees, applicants, candidates, and suppliers. No
one must take unfair advantage of anyone else through manipulation, concealment, abuse of conﬁdential information,
misrepresentation of material facts, or any other unfair dealing practices.
Behavior in the Workplace
Kelly is committed to maintaining a work environment which promotes individual dignity and mutual respect and following all
applicable laws and legislation related to labor and human rights. Inappropriate behavior in the workplace, which extends to
business travel and after-hour Company sponsored events, will result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
It is the policy of Kelly to protect the employment rights of qualiﬁed applicants and employees regardless of an individual’s
race, color, age, religion, national origin, genetics, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, disability, and/or other
protected categories under applicable laws.
It is the policy of Kelly to comply with all applicable laws concerning the employment of persons with disabilities. Consistent
with that commitment, it is Kelly’s policy not to discriminate against qualiﬁed individuals with disabilities in regard to
application procedures, hiring, advancement, discharge, compensation, training, or other terms, conditions, and privileges of
employment.
Any hostile conduct directed at an individual based on his or her race, color, age, religion, national origin, ethnicity, gender,
sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, or disability is expressly prohibited. Sexual advances, requests for sexual
favors, other unwanted verbal or physical conduct, or communication of a sexual nature is considered inappropriate behavior in
the workplace and will not be tolerated.
To avoid perceptions of favoritism, conﬂicts of interest, lack of conﬁdentiality, unfair treatment, or potential liability, l)
a relative of an employee, 2) a person living in the household of an employee, or 3) a person in a dating, sexual, romantic, or
other intimate relationship with an employee, should not be hired or transferred into a position that results in him or her being
in the same chain of command as that employee without the prior written approval of the Chief Human Resources Ofﬁcer (the
“CHRO”) or HR Designee. In the event circumstances develop between employees that would have required the written
approval noted above, both employees are required to report the circumstance to the CHRO or HR Designee.
Kelly believes that violence in the workplace is unacceptable. In order to help protect our co-workers and ourselves, we have
an obligation to immediately report any situation involving violence, threats, bullying, or intimidation. If you have concerns
about the immediate safety of yourself or others, please contact local authorities before reporting the situation internally.
Kelly strives to ensure a safe workplace for all of its employees. We are each responsible for paying close attention to our
surroundings, following all safety rules, and reporting any unsafe conditions. The use of alcohol or illegal drugs while at work
is not permitted as it can prevent us from thinking clearly and can endanger the safety of others.
Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations:
Each of us shall, and shall ensure that our suppliers, agents, and representatives are aware of their obligation to, comply with all
laws, rules, regulations applicable to the Company including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other anti-corruption and
anti-bribery laws, labor and employment laws, antitrust laws, and insider trading laws, applicable health, safety, and
environmental laws, applicable data privacy and protection laws, and all policies established by the Company.
3