Anti-Bribcry/Anti-Ciorrupﬂm
We take pride in conducting our business with integrity and are committed to abiding by all applicable laws in the countries
where we operate. Each of us has an obligation to comply with the US. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“F CPA”) as well as all
other country speciﬁc anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. You may not give, promise, or offer anything of value, no matter
how small, to any customer, government employee, or other person for the purpose of improperly inﬂuencing a decision,
securing an advantage, avoiding a disadvantage, or obtaining or retaining business. If you engage in such behavior, you expose
yourself and the company to civil and/ or criminal liability, significant reputational harm, and undermine the trust that our
customers, shareholders, and communities have placed in us. Each of us is required to take the F CPA and anti-bribery training
provided by the Company and to certify compliance with the principles outlined in the training and this Code yearly. Any
suspected violation should be reported immediately through Kelly Services’ Business Conduct & Ethics Reporting Program at
877.978.0049 or https://www.integmy-helpline.com/kellyservices.j s1; or for Europe, https://www.ﬂnancial-integmy.com/
kellyserviceseu.j sp or to the Vice President, Internal Audit.
Insider Trading:
Individuals who have access to material non-public conﬁdential information are not permitted to use or share the information
for securities trading purposes (“insider trading”) or for any other purpose except the conduct of the Company’s business. It is
always illegal to trade in Kelly securities (class A and class B common stock) or any related options or other rights while in
possession of material non-public information, and it is also illegal to communicate or “tip” such information to others. Kelly
has adopted an Insider Trading Policy that includes procedures applicable to everyone and also those that apply to the
Company’s Board of Directors, executive officers, and other key employees (“Restricted Persons”). This document is also
posted on Kelly’s website and is sent periodically to Restricted Persons in connection with certiﬁcation of compliance.
Corporate Opportunities :
Each of us has a responsibility to the Company to advance its legitimate interests.
We must not:
° personally take for ourselves or divert to others opportunities that are discovered through the use of Company
property, information or our respective position;
° use Company employees, property, information, or our respective positions for personal gain; or
0 compete with the Company, directly or indirectly, for business opportunities.
Confidentiality and Privacy
Kelly is committed to safeguarding the integrity, availability, and confidentiality of Kelly’s information and information
systems, as well as those entrusted to Kelly by its customers, employees, candidates, applicants, vendors, and suppliers.
Accordingly, each of us are expected, as a condition of employment, to safeguard the data and systems from unauthorized use,
disclosure, modification, destruction, or loss, by complying with Kelly’s global Privacy Statement, which can be_found at
http://www.kellyservices.com.
Confidential and private information includes personal data, as well as Company information that has not been made public,
such as business plans, research or strategies, and inside financial information that could be used for personal gain. The
Company’s Corporate Disclosure and Communications Policy contains additional details about external communications and
the proper sharing of Company information.
As an employee of Kelly, you are personally responsible for any comments about, and on behalf of the Company, that you post
to a social media network (e. g., Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, YouTube, blogs, or forums). When identifying yourself on these
networks as a Kelly employee, you associate yourself with the Company, your colleagues, managers, and customers.
Therefore, be mindful that your postings will be available to the general public, reﬂect on the Company’s reputation and
business interests, and may not interfere with your work or create a conﬂict of interest between you and Kelly Services.
2