l 1
segment remains wholly owned by Kelly. we are now 1 1
positioned to accelerate our OCG investments in this
high—growth market with renewed speed and intensity. W E R E M n I N U S E D
sei2ing opportunities for higher margin growth in the O N P B G ,
regions outsourcing and consulting space.
CONNECTING COMPQNIES
Kelly's commitment to focusing on growth extends beyond
the joint venture. In 2016. our local U.S. branch network Q N D N T E D P E O P
ti htened its structure and made intentional investments in
9 WITH THE SQME EXCELLENCE
select key markets — a strategy that helped not only protect
Kelly's commercial stafﬁng core, but also perform well against Q N D | R H Q S
competitors in the face of slower demand. To accelerate ,
future OCG growth. we refocused our global sales teams and B E E N S H Q Q R K
added resources dedicated to capturing new business in the
OCG space. And throughout the Company. we are continually R V E Q
rebalancing our resources to align with our goals. intentionally : :
designing a workforce that is equipped to drive top—line
growth and increased gross proﬁt.
REQDV FOR THE ROQD AH EQD
RELENTLESSLV PURSUING GROWTH We believe Kelly is poised for continued progress in the
capturing the growth opportunities in the global workforce rema'h focused on prehtab'e ngth' and we are New to
solutions market. We are increasing the breadth and depth deliver that grOWth by COhheCtthg companies and talented
of our large account relationships. earning a seat at the people With the Same excellence and integrity that has
table and becoming embedded in our customers' talent been Kellys hallmark for 70 years-
strategies. At the same time. our local markets are becoming . . . . .
_ _ , As we strengthen our finanCIal p05ition. we re also
more targeted and competitive as they focus on the niches . . .
, _ _ advancmg the posmon of talented people and large and
where they can dominate and deliver world—class staffing. , . _
, , _ small busmesses around the world. We re connecting
We remain the leader in the K—12 U.S. stafﬁng market. and _ . . . .
, _ , , companies With workforces deSIgned around their bu5iness
Kelly Educational Staffing continues to deliver double— . . . .
_ _ , , _ _ strategies. and connecting people With work de5igned
digit revenue increases year over year. meriting industry . . . . . .
, , , around their lives. We take pride in knowmg that even in
attention and our ongomg investments. . .
uncertain times. we are a force for good — not only for our
Our OCG segment continues to respond to clients' complex Sharehelders' bUt also for the people Who work With and
demands for more holistic talent solutions. and we are lead the compah'es we empower-
conﬁdent e 'll rea the beneﬁts of e anded lar e
W W] , p _ , , Xp , 9 My personal thanks. as always. go out to Kelly shareholders
account relationships and significant new Wins our sales _ . . .
, . , _ _ , who trust us With their investments. and to the entire
teams secured in 2016. OCG s strategic direction is sound. .
, , _ _ , _ network of Kelly colleagues. suppliers. and workers who
and we remain committed to making intentional investments . . .
, _ , _ trust us With their time and talents.
to increase top- and bottom—line growth in this segment.
We have learned to adapt to the inevitable uncertainty
of today's labor markets. knowing that the growing trend
toward free agency favors Kelly's strengths — particularly
serving large companies. As businesses increasingly rely /-"
on ﬂexible stafﬁng models and seek more comprehensive I ‘
workforce management solutions, Kelly will continue to seize
opportunities to Win in the market and deliver those Wins C Q R L T C Q M D E N
with increased efﬁciency and focus that yields growth on president and Chief Executive amber
the bottom line. MARCH 2017