EMEA Commercial
Our EMEA Commercial segment provides a similar range of stafﬁng services as described for our Americas Commercial
segment above, including: Ofﬁce, Contact Center and our temporary-to-hire service. Additional service areas include: Catering
and Hospitality, providing chefs, porters and hospitality representatives; and Industrial, supplying manual workers to semi-
skilled professionals in a variety of trade, non-trade and operational positions.
EMEA PT
Our EMEA PT segment provides many of the same services as described for our Americas PT segment, including: Engineering,
Finance and Accounting, Healthcare, IT and Science.
APAC Commercial
Our APAC Commercial segment offered a similar range of commercial stafﬁng services as described for our Americas and
EMEA Commercial segments above, through stafﬁng solutions that included permanent placement, temporary stafﬁng and
temporary to full-time stafﬁng. The operations of this segment were transferred to TS Kelly Asia Paciﬁc in July 2016.
APAC PT
Our APAC PT segment provided many of the same services as described for our Americas and EMEA PT segments, including:
Engineering, IT and Science. The operations of this segment were transferred to TS Kelly Asia Paciﬁc in July 2016.
0C G
Our OCG segment delivers integrated talent management solutions to meet customer needs across multiple regions, skill sets
and the entire spectrum of talent categories. Using talent supply chain strategies, we help customers manage their full-time and
contingent labor spend, and gain access to service providers and quality talent at competitive rates with minimized risk.
Services in this segment include: Contingent Worlg’orce Outsourcing (“CWO”), providing globally managed service solutions
that integrate supplier and vendor management technology partners to optimize contingent workforce spend; Business Process
Outsourcing (“BPO ”), offering full stafﬁng and operational management of non-core functions or departments; Recruitment
Process Outsourcing (“RPO ”), offering end-to-end talent acquisition solutions, including customized recruitment projects;
Independent Contractor Solutions, delivering evaluation, classiﬁcation and risk management services that enable safe access to
this critical talent pool; Payroll Process Outsourcing (“PPO ”), providing centralized payroll processing solutions globally for
our customers; and Career Transition and Executive Coaching and Development, providing leadership in executive placement
in various regions throughout the world.
Financial information regarding our industry segments is included in the Segment Disclosures note to our consolidated
ﬁnancial statements presented in Part II, Item 8 of this report.
Business Objectives
Kelly’s philosophy is rooted in our conviction that our business can and does make a difference on a daily basis — for our
customers, in the lives of our employees, in the local communities we serve and in our industry. Our vision is “to provide the
world’s best workforce solutions.” We aspire to be a strategic business partner to our customers and strive to assist them in
operating more efﬁcient and proﬁtable organizations. Our solutions are customized to beneﬁt any scope or scale customers
require.
As the use of contingent labor, consultants and independent contractors becomes more prevalent and critical to the ongoing
success of our customer base, our core competencies are reﬁned to help them realize their respective business objectives. Kelly
offers a comprehensive array of outsourcing and consulting services, as well as world-class stafﬁng on a temporary, temporary-
to-hire and direct placement basis. Kelly will continue to deliver the strategic expertise our customers need to transform their
workforce challenges into opportunities.
4