KELLY SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
A summary of long-lived assets information by geographic area as of year-end 2016 and 2015 follows:
2016 2015
7 (In millions iof dollars) 7
{Long-Lived Assets: 1
United States $ 69.5 $ 75.8
lInternational 11.3 13.1 1
y Total ,$ 80.8 7 is 88.9 J
Long-lived assets include primarily property and equipment. No single foreign country’s long-lived assets represented more
than 10% of the consolidated long-lived assets of the Company.
18. New Accounting Pronouncements
In November 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”)
2016-18 amending the presentation of restricted cash within the statement of cash ﬂows. The new guidance requires that
restricted cash be included within cash and cash equivalents on the statement of cash ﬂows. The ASU is effective
retrospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We are currently
evaluating the impact of the new guidance on our consolidated financial statements.
In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15 clarifying how entities should classify certain cash receipts and payments on
the statement of cash ﬂows. The new guidance addresses classiﬁcation of cash ﬂows related to the following transactions: 1)
debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; 2) settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with
coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; 3) contingent consideration
payments made after a business combination; 4) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; 5) proceeds from the
settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies; 6) distributions received from equity method investees; and 7) beneficial
interests in securitization transaction. ASU 2016-15 also clarifies how the predominance principle should be applied when cash
receipts and cash payments have aspects of more than one class of cash ﬂows. This ASU is effective for annual periods, and
interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017 and requires retrospective application. Early
adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on our consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures.
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13 amending how entities will measure credit losses for most ﬁnancial assets and
certain other instruments that are not measured at fair value through net income. The guidance requires the application of a
current expected credit loss model which is a new impairment model based on expected losses. Under this model, an entity
recognizes an allowance for expected credit losses based on historical experience, current conditions and forecasted information
rather than the current methodology of delaying recognition of credit losses until it is probable a loss has been incurred. This
ASU is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019 with early adoption permitted for
annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on
our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. This ASU applies to trade accounts receivable and may have an
impact on our calculation of the allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09 amending several aspects of share-based payment accounting. This guidance
requires all excess tax benefits and tax deﬁciencies to be recorded in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled,
with prospective application required. The guidance also changes the classification of such tax benefits or tax deﬁciencies on
the statement of cash ﬂows from a financing activity to an operating activity, with retrospective or prospective application
allowed. Additionally, the guidance requires the classification of employee taxes paid when an employer withholds shares for
tax-withholding purposes as a financing activity on the statement of cash ﬂows, with retrospective application required. This
ASU is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15 , 2016.
Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on our consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 amending the existing accounting standards for lease accounting and
requiring lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities for all leases with lease terms of more than 12 months, including
those classiﬁed as operating leases. Both the asset and liability will initially be measured at the present value of the future
minimum lease payments, with the asset being subject to adjustments such as initial direct costs. Consistent with current US.
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”), the presentation of expenses and cash ﬂows will depend primarily on the
classification of the lease as either a finance or an operating lease. The new standard also requires additional quantitative and
qualitative disclosures regarding the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash ﬂows arising from leases in order to provide
74