We depend on our ability to attract and retain qualiﬁed temporary personnel (employed directly by us or through third-
party suppliers).
We depend on our ability to attract qualiﬁed temporary personnel who possess the skills and experience necessary to meet the
stafﬁng requirements of our customers. We must continually evaluate our base of available qualiﬁed personnel to keep pace
with changing customer needs. Competition for individuals with proven professional skills is intense, and demand for these
individuals is expected to remain strong for the foreseeable future. There can be no assurance that qualiﬁed personnel will
continue to be available in sufﬁcient numbers and on terms of employment acceptable to us and our customers. Our success is
substantially dependent on our ability to recruit and retain qualiﬁed temporary personnel.
We may be exposed to employment-related claims and losses, including class action lawsuits and collective actions,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
We employ and assign personnel in the workplaces of other businesses. The risks of these activities include possible claims
relating to:
0 discrimination and harassment;
° wrongful termination or retaliation;
° violations of employment rights related to employment screening or privacy issues;
0 apportionment between us and our customer of legal obligations as an employer of temporary employees;
0 classiﬁcation of workers as employees or independent contractors;
0 employment of unauthorized workers;
0 violations of wage and hour requirements;
0 retroactive entitlement to employee beneﬁts, including health insurance;
0 failure to comply with leave policy requirements; and
0 errors and omissions by our temporary employees, particularly for the actions of professionals such as attorneys,
accountants, teachers and scientists.
We are also subject to potential risks relating to misuse of customer proprietary information, misappropriation of funds, death
or injury to our employees, damage to customer facilities due to negligence of temporary employees, criminal activity and
other similar occurrences. We may incur ﬁnes and other losses or negative publicity with respect to these risks. In addition,
these occurrences may give rise to litigation, which could be time-consuming and expensive. In the US. and certain other
countries in which we operate, new employment and labor laws and regulations have been proposed or adopted that may
increase the potential exposure of employers to employment-related claims and litigation. In addition, such laws and
regulations are arising with increasing frequency at the state and local level in the US and the resulting inconsistency in such
laws and regulations results in additional complexity. There can be no assurance that the corporate policies and practices we
have in place to help reduce our exposure to these risks will be effective or that we will not experience losses as a result of
these risks. Although we maintain insurance in types and amounts we believe are appropriate in light of the aforementioned
exposures, there can also be no assurance that such insurance policies will remain available on reasonable terms or be sufﬁcient
in amount or scope of coverage. Additionally, should we have a material inability to produce records as a consequence of
litigation or a government investigation, the cost or consequences of such matters could become much greater.
A failure to maintain the privacy of information entrusted to us could have signiﬁcant adverse consequences.
In the normal course of business we control, we process or have access to personal information regarding our own employees
or employment candidates, as well as that of many of our customers or managed suppliers. Information concerning our
employees and candidates may also reside in systems controlled by third parties for purposes such as employee beneﬁts and
payroll administration. The legal and regulatory environment concerning data privacy is becoming more complex and
challenging, and the potential consequences of non-compliance have become more severe. Any failure to protect such personal
information from inappropriate access or disclosure, whether through social engineering or by accident or other cause, could
have severe consequences including ﬁnes, litigation, regulatory sanctions including loss of our status as a subscriber to the EU-
U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, reputational damage and loss of customers or employees. Although we have a program
designed to preserve the privacy of the personal data that we control or process, as well as personal data that we entrust to third
parties, there can be no assurance that our program will meet all current and ﬁiture regulatory requirements, anticipate all
potential methods of unauthorized access, or prevent all inappropriate disclosures. Our insurance coverage may not be
sufﬁcient to cover all such costs or consequences, and there can be no assurance that any insurance that we now maintain will
remain available under acceptable terms.
10