ITEM 2. PROPERTIES;
We own our headquarters in Troy, Michigan, where corporate, subsidiary and divisional ofﬁces are currently located. The
original headquarters building was purchased in 1977. Headquarters operations were expanded into additional buildings
purchased in 1991, 1997 and 2001.
The combined usable ﬂoor space in the headquarters complex is approximately 345,000 square feet. Our buildings are in good
condition and are currently adequate for their intended purpose and use. We also own undeveloped land in Troy and northern
Oakland County, Michigan.
Branch ofﬁce business is conducted in leased premises with the majority of leases being ﬁxed for terms of generally three to
ﬁve years in the US. and Canada and ﬁve to ten years outside the US. and Canada. We own virtually all of the ofﬁce fumiture
and the equipment used in our corporate headquarters and branch ofﬁces.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS,
The Company is a party to a pending nationwide class action lawsuit entitled Hillson et.al. v Kelly Services. The suit alleges
that current and former temporary employees of Kelly Services are entitled to monetary damages for violation of the F air
Credit Reporting Act requirement that the notice and disclosure form provided to employees for purposes of conducting a
background screening be a standalone document. On April 20, 2016, the parties entered into a formal settlement agreement.
The parties still must secure court approval of the settlement. In light of amounts previously expensed and anticipated
recoveries from third parties, Kelly recorded an accrual in the fourth quarter of 2015 of $4.1 million (in accounts payable and
accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet) to reﬂect the expected cost of the tentative settlement.
The Company is continuously engaged in litigation arising in the ordinary course of its business, such as matters alleging
employment discrimination, alleging wage and hour violations or enforcing the restrictive covenants in the Company’s
employment agreements. The Company has recently experienced an increase in its litigation volume, including cases where
claimants seek class action certiﬁcation. While there is no expectation that any of these matters will have a material adverse
effect on the Company’s results of operations, ﬁnancial position or cash ﬂows, litigation is always subject to inherent
uncertainty and the Company is not able to reasonably predict if any matter will be resolved in a manner that is materially
adverse to the Company.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES,
Not applicable.
15