CQDE OF BUiSINESiSiCiONDUiCT AND ETHICS;
We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our directors, ofﬁcers and employees, including our
principal executive ofﬁcer, principal ﬁnancial ofﬁcer and principal accounting ofﬁcer or controller or persons performing
similar functions. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is included as Exhibit 14 in the Index to Exhibits on page 79. We
have posted our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on our website at www.kellyservices.com. We intend to post any
changes in or waivers from our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to any of these ofﬁcers on our website.
ITEM 12. SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN S,
Equity Compensation Plan Information
The following table shows the number of shares of our Class A common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of
outstanding options, warrants and rights, the weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights, and
the number of securities remaining available for future issuance under our equity compensation plans as of the ﬁscal year end
for 2016.
Number of
securities
remaining
available for
Number of future issuance
securities to be under equity
issued upon Weighted-average compensation
exercise of exercise price of plans (excluding
outstanding outstanding securities
options, warrants options, warrants reﬂected in the
and rights and rights ﬁrst column) (2)
’Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) — $ — 2,759,351 ‘
Equity compensation plans not approved by security
holders (3) 7 —7 7 —7 7 —7
’Total 7, —, is —i f 2,759,351 l
(l) The equity compensation plans approved by our stockholders include our Equity Incentive Plan, Non-Employee
Directors Stock Option Plan and Non-Employee Directors Stock Plan.
The number of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights excludes 653,243 shares
of restricted stock, 287,896 shares of financial measure performance awards earned but not yet vested, as well as
497,250 shares of ﬁnancial measure performance awards and 415,750 shares of total shareholder return performance
awards at maximum level (200%) granted to employees and not yet earned or vested at January 1, 2017.
(2) The Equity Incentive Plan provides that the maximum number of shares available for grants, including stock options
and restricted stock, is 15 percent of the outstanding Class A common stock, adjusted for plan activity over the
preceding ﬁve years.
The Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan provides that the maximum number of shares available for settlement
of options is 250,000 shares of Class A common stock.
The Non-Employee Directors Stock Plan provides that the maximum number of shares available for awards is one-
quarter of one percent of the outstanding Class A common stock.
(3) We have no equity compensation plans that have not been approved by our stockholders.
41