Our services revenue includes revenue earned from Participation games, other gaming machine services and table
product leasing and licensing. We categorize our Participation gaming machines as (1)WAP, premium and daily fee
Participation games and (2) other leased and Participation games.
WAP, premium and daily fee Participation games
° WAP Participation games: WAP Participation games are electronically linked gaming machines that are located
across multiple casinos within a single gaming jurisdiction or across Native American gaming jurisdictions.
Players across linked gaming machines contribute to and compete for system-wide progressive jackpots that are
designed to increase gaming machine play for participating casinos by giving the players the opportunity to win a
larger jackpot than on a non-WAP gaming machine. We are responsible for funding WAP jackpots. We create
WAP games using our pr0prietary brands and also using licensed brands. We operate our WAP systems in six
states throughout the US. as well as in certain Native American casinos.
Premium and daily fee Participation games: We offer two categories of non-WAP premium and daily fee
Participation games: LAP and standalone. LAP games are gaming machines that are located within a single casino
and are electronically linked to a progressive jackpot for that speciﬁc casino. Our LAP gaming machines feature
games including those offered as WAP as well as our prOprietary brands such as Jackpot Party Progressive®, Life
of Luxury® Progressive, 88 F ortunes®, 5 T reasures®, and Cash Spin. Our LAP products leverage both exclusive
brand names and game play intellectual property, and typically offer players the chance to win multiple
progressive jackpots, all of which tend to result in higher play volumes. We also provide certain standalone
Participation games that are not linked to other gaming machines. Our standalone games feature titles, among
others, under the licensed MONOPOLY brand and our pr0prietary brands, as well as other licensed brands in those
jurisdictions where we do not operate a WAP system. Our standalone Participation gaming machines generally
feature larger, more elaborate top-boxes and provide game play experiences not possible on a single screen game
or on gaming machines that we sell.
9ther leased and Participation games
° Server-based gaming: We provide wide-area gaming operators, such as LBOs, bingo halls and arcades, a
comprehensive package of server-based products and services under long term contracts that typically include
gaming machines, remote management of game content and management information, central computer systems,
secure data communication and field support services. We are typically paid a fee based on the Net win generated
by these gaming machines (subject to certain adjustments as may be speciﬁed in a particular contract, including
adjustments for taxes and other fees). Our business in this category is primarily based in the UK.
° VLTs: Certain customers lease our multi-game and single-game VLTs, which include video gaming machines,
mechanical reel gaming machines and video poker games. Our VLTs may be operated as standalone units or may
interface with central monitoring systems operated by government agencies. Our VLTs are typically located in
places where casino-style gaming is not the only attraction, such as racetracks, bars and restaurants.
° Class II and centrally determined systems: We offer video and mechanical-reel gaming machines and VLTs for
Class II and certain VLT jurisdictions where the game outcome is determined by a central server system that we
provide. These Class II and centrally determined systems primarily operate in Native American casinos in
Washington, Florida, Alabama and Oklahoma. We receive either a fixed daily fee or a percentage of the Net win
generated by the gaming machines or VLTs connected to the central determination system and a small daily fee
for the central determination system.
Gaming Systems
Our comprehensive suite of technology solutions provides gaming operations of every size with a wide range of
marketing, data management and analysis, accounting, player tracking, security and other applications and tools to more
effectively manage their operations. Gaming systems revenues are highly dependent on new installations.
48