upon a number of factors, including their capital budgets. Virtually all sectors of the gaming industry are impacted by changes
in economic conditions that impact players’ disposable incomes.
Four large bookmakers operate approximately 88% of the LBOs in the UK. For the year ended December 31, 2016,
our contracts with two of the large U.K. bookmakers represented a significant portion of our UK. LBO server-based gaming
business. Our current contract with Ladbrokes plc (“Ladbrokes”) commenced on October 22, 2013 and is scheduled to expire
on March 31, 2019. Our current contract with Gala Coral Group Ltd. (“Gala Coral”) commenced on January 1, 2010 and is set
to expire on December 31, 2017. We expect to participate in the bidding process to continue to serve these customers after the
expiration of their current contracts, although we cannot predict the outcome of that process. In October 2016, Ladbrokes and
Gala Coral merged. The UK. Competition and Markets Authority ("CMA") has reviewed and approved the merger pending
these operators having completed the divestiture of the required number of betting shops. As these two operators are the largest
customers of our UK. gaming business, their merger and any divestitures relating thereto, could negatively impact our
business.
Competition
The gaming machine sector is highly competitive and is characterized by the continuous introduction of new games,
gaming machines and related technologies. We compete primarily with International Game Technology ("IGT"), a subsidiary of
International Game Technology PLC (the successor of Gtech S.p.A), Ainsworth Game Technology, Aristocrat Leisure Ltd,.
("Aristocrat"), Aruze Gaming America, Inc., Franco Gaming Ltd., Inspired Gaming Group Limited, Konami Digital
Entertainment, Inc. ("Konami"), Multimedia Games, Inc. (which is a subsidiary of EVERI Inc.) and the Novomatic Group of
Companies. Our principal direct competitor in our UK. LBO business is Inspired Gaming Group Limited.
The casino-management systems business is also highly competitive. Product features and functionality, accuracy,
reliability, service level and pricing are among the factors that determine how successful systems providers are in selling their
systems. Our principal competitors in casino-management systems include Aristocrat, IGT and Konami. Competition for these
products is intense due to the number of providers and the limited number of casinos and jurisdictions in which they operate.
With respect to our table products, we compete on the basis of the breadth of our Shufﬂer products and services and
PTGs, product reliability, service, the strength of our intellectual property and our extensive sales, regulatory and distribution
channels. Our automated Shufﬂers also compete against hand shuffling, which remains the most competitive shufﬂing option
for casino card games around the world. Finally, since the need for our Shufﬂer products depends upon the casino's use of live
table games, our Shufﬂers also compete against any products that live table games compete against.
Competition for PTG content is based on player appeal, brand recognition, price and the strength of the underlying
intellectual property. We compete on this basis, as well as on the strength of our extensive sales, service, marketing and
distribution channels. We also compete with non-pr0prietary table games such as blackjack and baccarat, as well as several
companies that primarily develop and license PTGs such as Galaxy Gaming, Inc. and Masque Publishing, Inc. Finally, some of
our product lines may compete against each other for space on the casino ﬂoor.
Lotter Segment
There are approximately 180 lotteries throughout the world, operated by US. and international governmental
authorities and their licensees. Governments typically authorize lotteries as a means of generating revenues without imposing
additional taxes. Many jurisdictions have come to rely on the proceeds from lottery game sales as a signiﬁcant source of
funding for programs for which net lottery proceeds are designed to fund. Although there are many types of lottery games
worldwide, the two principal categories of products offered are draw lottery games and instant lottery games. Currently, 44
US. jurisdictions offer instant game lotteries, and 46 US. jurisdictions offer draw lotteries. Lottery operations in international
jurisdictions can vary widely depending on the number of new lotteries entering the market, the number of lottery licenses
issued within each market and the discontinuance of lotteries and operating licenses.
An instant lottery game is typically played by removing a scratch-off protective coating from a preprinted ticket to
reveal if it is a winner. Draw lottery games, such as P0 WERBALL® and MEGA MILLIONS®, are based on a random selection
of a series of numbers, and prizes are generally based on the number of winners who share the prize pool, although set prizes
are also offered. Draw lottery games are generally provided through a lottery system in which lottery terminals in retail outlets
are continuously connected to a central computer system for the sale and validation of lottery games and related functions. A
9