REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Scientific Games Corporation
Las Vegas, Nevada
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Scientific Games Corporation and subsidiaries (the
"Company") as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss,
stockholders' (deﬁcit) equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016. Our audits also
included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15. These financial statements and financial statement
schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial
statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. We did not audit the ﬁnancial statements of Lotterie Nazionali
S.r.l. (“LNS”), the Company's investment in which is accounted for by use of the equity method, for the year ended December
31, 2014. The accompanying 2014 consolidated ﬁnancial statements of the Company include its equity earnings in LNS of
$17.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The financial statements of LNS for the year ended December 31, 2014,
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board, were audited by other auditors whose report has been furnished to us, and our opinion, insofar as it relates to the
amounts included for the Company's equity earnings in LNS, on the basis of International Financial Reporting Standards as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, is based on the report of the other auditors. We have applied auditing
procedures to the adjustments to reﬂect the Company's equity earnings in LNS in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ﬁnancial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall ﬁnancial statement presentation. We believe that our audits and the
report of the other auditors provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, based on our audits and the report of the other auditors, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of Scientiﬁc Games Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and
2015, and the results of their operations and their cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such
ﬁnancial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole,
presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on the criteria established in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
and our report dated March 3, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over ﬁnancial reporting
based on our audit.
/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
Las Vegas, Nevada
March 3, 2017
71