SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(amounts in USD, table amounts in millions, except per share amounts)
covenant, which is based on our consolidated net first lien leverage. Following these designations, the social gaming
subsidiaries remain wholly owned direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company.
Debt issuance costs
We capitalize debt issuance costs associated with long-term financing arrangements and amortize ratably the deferred
debt issuance costs over the term of the arrangement. The capitalized debt issuance costs associated with long-term debt
ﬁnancing, other than line-of—credit arrangements, is presented as a direct reduction from the carrying value of long-term debt,
consistent with the treatment of unamortized debt discount.
Terms of Outstanding Debt
Restrictive covenants
Our only financial maintenance covenant is contained in our credit agreement. This covenant is tested at the end of
each fiscal quarter and requires us to not exceed a maximum consolidated net first lien leverage ratio of 5.5x Consolidated
EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement) for the quarter ended December 31, 2016. In connection with the amendments to
the credit agreement as part of the February 2017 Financing, this ratio will be 6.0x for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, then
stepping down to 5.5x for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 and 5.0x for the quarter ended June 30, 2019.
The credit agreement, 2018 Notes Indenture, 2020 Notes Indenture, 2021 Notes Indenture, Unsecured Notes Indenture,
and Secured Notes Indenture also contain certain covenants that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, limit
SGC'S and its restricted subsidiaries' (including SGI) ability to incur additional indebtedness or guarantees, pay dividends or
make distributions or certain other restricted payments, purchase or redeem capital stock, prepay junior indebtedness or modify
certain debt instruments, make investments or extend credit, engage in certain transactions with affiliates, engage in sale-
leaseback transactions, consummate certain assets sales, effect a consolidation or merger, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise
dispose of assets, create certain liens and other encumbrances on assets, enter into arrangements that restrict the ability to pay
dividends or change fiscal years. These agreements also contain events of default customary for agreements of their type (with
customary grace periods, as applicable).
We were in compliance with the financial covenants under our debt agreements as of December 31, 2016.
(17) Fair Value Measurements
Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price)
in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset and liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
the measurement date. We estimate the fair value of our assets and liabilities when required using an established three-level
hierarchy in accordance with ASC 820.
The fair value of our financial assets and liabilities is determined by reference to market data and other valuation
techniques as appr0priate. We believe the fair value of our ﬁnancial instruments, which are principally cash and cash
equivalents, accounts receivable, other current assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, approximates their recorded
values. Our assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are described below
Interest rate swap contracts
We record derivative financial instruments on the balance sheet at their respective fair values. We currently use swap
contracts as described below to mitigate gains or losses associated with the change in expected cash ﬂows due to ﬂuctuations in
interest rates on our variable rate debt.
We hedge a portion of our interest expense associated with our variable rate debt to eﬁectively fix the interest rates
that we pay. We have interest rate swap contracts designated as cash ﬂow hedges under ASC 815. Under these hedges, we pay
105