material amounts of liquidated damages could be imposed on us in the future, which could, if imposed, have a material adverse
effect on our business prospects, results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition.
We may be liable for product defects or other claims relating to our products.
Our products could be defective, fail to perform as designed or otherwise cause harm to our customers, their
equipment or their products. If any of our products are defective, we may be required to recall the products and/or repair or
replace them, which could result in substantial expenses and affect our proﬁtability. Any problem with the performance of our
products, such as an instant lottery game misprint or false jackpot or other prize, could harm our reputation, which could result
in a loss of sales to customers and/or potential customers. In addition, the occurrence of errors in, or fraudulent manipulation
of, our products or software may give rise to claims by our customers or by our customers’ patrons, including claims by our
customers for lost revenues and related litigation that could result in significant liability. Any claims brought against us by
customers may result in diversion of management’s time and attention, expenditure of large amounts of cash on legal fees and
payment of damages, lower demand for our products or services, or injury to our reputation. Our insurance may not sufficiently
cover a judgment against us or a settlement payment and is subject to customary deductibles, limits and exclusions. In addition,
a judgment against us or a settlement could make it difficult for us to obtain insurance in the coverage amounts necessary to
adequately insure our businesses, or at all, and could materially increase our insurance premiums and deductibles. In addition,
software bugs or malfunctions, errors in distribution or installation of our software, failure of our products to perform as
approved by the appropriate regulatory bodies or other errors or malfunctions, may subject us to investigation or other action
by gaming regulatory authorities, including fines.
Labor disputes and union organizing activities may have an adverse eﬂect on our operations.
Certain of our employees are represented by unions or works councils, including employees in Europe, South America
and Canada. In particular, the majority of our employees at our printing facilities in the UK, Chile and Quebec and a small
number of employees in the US. are represented by unions. While we believe our relations with our employees are satisfactory,
we cannot predict whether we will be successful in negotiating new collective bargaining agreements without any disruptions
in our operations or higher labor costs.
We cannot assure that we will not encounter conﬂicts or strikes with any labor unions that represent our employees or
union organizing activities at our non-unionized facilities. Any of the foregoing could adversely impact our results of
operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition or our customers’ operations, could cause us to lose customers, or could increase
our labor costs.
Risks Relating to our Capital Structure
Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
We are a highly leveraged company. As of December 31, 2016, we had total indebtedness of $8,074.2 million,
consisting primarily of borrowings under our credit agreement, Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes, net of unamortized
discounts and deferred financing costs. In addition, as of December 31, 2016, there was approximately $516.5 million of
availability under our revolving credit agreement.
Our level of indebtedness could affect our ability to obtain ﬁnancing or reﬁnance existing indebtedness; require us to
dedicate a signiﬁcant portion of our cash ﬂow from operations to interest and principal payments on our indebtedness, thereby
reducing the availability of cash ﬂow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes;
increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic, industry or competitive developments or conditions; and limit our
ﬂexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the industries in which we operate or in pursuing our
strategic objectives. In addition, we are exposed to the risk of higher interest rates as a significant portion of our borrowings are
at variable rates of interest. If interest rates increase, the interest payment obligations under our non-hedged variable rate
indebtedness would increase even if the amount borrowed remained the same, and our results of operations, cash ﬂows and
ﬁnancial condition would be negatively impacted. All of these factors could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to
competitors that may have less debt than we do.
34