products and services are difficult to predict and may not grow at the rates we expect, and we cannot assure that these products
and services will be successful in the long term.
In general, our ability to successfully pursue our interactive gaming and lottery strategy depends in part on the laws
and regulations relating to wagering through interactive channels. Until 2011, there was uncertainty as to whether the Federal
Wire Act of 1961 prohibited states from conducting intrastate lottery transactions via the internet if such transactions crossed
state lines. In late 2011, the Office of Legal Counsel of the DOJ issued an opinion to the effect that state lottery ticket sales over
the internet to in-state adults do not violate the Wire Act. The opinion provided an impetus for some states to authorize forms of
interactive gaming or interactive lottery in order to generate additional revenue. However, to the extent states wish to pursue
interactive gaming or interactive lottery, such states may be required or otherwise deem it advisable to enact enabling
legislation or new regulations addressing the sale of lottery tickets or the offering of other forms of gaming through interactive
channels, such as the actions taken by Delaware, Nevada and New Jersey to authorize various forms of internet gaming.
Despite the 2011 DOJ opinion, there are still very significant forces working to limit or prohibit interactive gaming and
interactive lottery in the US. Although these efforts have generally not been successful, we cannot assure that laws restricting
interactive gaming or interactive lottery sales will not be passed at either the federal or state level. For instance, in May 2015,
the Minnesota legislature passed an amendment to the state’s lottery law prohibiting the sale of instant win lottery tickets over
the internet. Furthermore, changes in the executive branches of government at the state and federal level could affect federal
and state policies on interactive gaming and interactive lottery as well, including a reversal of the 2011 DO] opinion. The
enactment of internet gaming legislation that federalizes significant aspects of the regulation of internet gaming and/or limits
the forms of internet wagering that are permissible at the state or federal level could have an adverse impact on our ability to
pursue our interactive strategy in the U.S.
Internationally, laws relating to internet gaming are evolving, particularly in Europe. To varying degrees, a number of
European governments have taken steps to change the regulation of internet wagering through the implementation of new or
revised licensing and taxation regimes, including the possible imposition of sanctions on unlicensed providers. We cannot
predict the timing, scope or terms of any such state, federal or foreign laws and regulations, or the extent to which any such
laws and regulations will facilitate or hinder our interactive strategy.
With respect to our social gaming business, although largely unregulated at this time, there are movements in some
jurisdictions to review social gaming and possibly implement social gaming regulations. We cannot predict the likelihood,
timing, scope or terms of any such regulation or the extent to which they may affect our social gaming business. Both the social
and RMG businesses are subject to evolving regulations and the status of any particular jurisdiction may change at any time.
The regulatory structure surrounding certain aspects of these businesses is currently in ﬂux in some jurisdictions.
In jurisdictions that authorize internet gaming, we cannot assure that we will be successful in offering our technology,
content and services to internet gaming operators as we expect to face intense competition from our traditional competitors in
the gaming and lottery industries as well as a number of other domestic and foreign providers (or, in some cases, the operators
themselves), some of which have substantially greater financial resources and/or experience in this area than we do. In addition,
there is a risk that the authorization of the sale of gaming and lottery offerings via interactive channels in a particular
jurisdiction could, under certain circumstances, adversely impact our Gaming and Lottery offerings through traditional
channels in such jurisdiction. Any such adverse impact would be magniﬁed to the extent we are not involved in, and generating
revenue from, the provision of interactive gaming and lottery products or services in such jurisdiction. Know-your-customer
and geo-location programs and technologies supplied by third parties are an important aspect of certain internet and mobile
gaming products and services because they confirm certain information with respect to players and prospective players, such as
age, identity and location. Payment processing programs and technologies, typically provided by third parties, are also a
necessary feature of interactive wagering products and services. These programs and technologies are costly and may have an
adverse impact on our results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition. Additionally, we cannot assure that products
containing these programs and technologies will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, or that they will
perform accurately or otherwise in accordance with our required specifications.
24