The gaming and lottery industries are generally subject to extensive and evolving regulation that customarily includes
some form of licensing or regulatory screening of operators, suppliers, manufacturers and distributors and their applicable
affiliates, as well as their major shareholders, oﬁicers, directors and key employees. In addition, certain of our gaming products
and technologies must be certified or approved in certain jurisdictions in which we operate. Regulators review many facets of
an applicant or holder of a license, including its ﬁnancial stability, integrity and business experience. Any failure to receive a
license or the loss of a license that we currently hold could have a material adverse effect on us or on our results of operations,
cash ﬂow or financial condition.
While we believe that we are in compliance with all material gaming and lottery laws and regulatory requirements
applicable to us, we cannot assure that our activities or the activities of our customers will not become the subject of any
regulatory or law enforcement proceeding or that any such proceeding would not have a material adverse impact on us or our
results of operations, cash ﬂow or financial condition.
We have developed and implemented a rigorous internal compliance program in an effort to ensure that we comply
with legal requirements imposed in connection with our Gaming and Lottery activities, as well as legal requirements generally
applicable to all publicly traded companies. The compliance program is run on a day-to-day basis by our chief compliance
officer with legal advice provided by attorneys in our legal and compliance departments as well as outside experts. The
compliance program is overseen by the compliance committee of our board of directors, which is comprised of employee and
non-employee directors and a non-employee gaming law expert. While we are firmly committed to full compliance with all
applicable laws, we cannot assure that our compliance program will prevent the violation of one or more laws or regulations, or
that a violation by us or an employee will not result in the imposition of a monetary fine or suspension or revocation of one or
more of our licenses.
In the EU, various judgments by the Court of Justice of the European Union ("CJEU") have addressed the approaches
adopted by certain member states to restrict and/or regulate gaming. Topics addressed in those judgments include the ability of
member states to grant, or to maintain, monopolies for gaming and lottery activities and the power of member states to limit
access by gaming and/or lottery providers established elsewhere in the EU. Several cases on these subjects are currently
pending in the CJEU.
While we believe that we have developed appropriate procedures and policies to comply with the requirements of
these evolving laws and legal pronouncements, we cannot assure that our activities or the activities of our customers will not
become the subject of law enforcement proceedings or that any such proceedings would not have a material adverse impact on
us or our business plans. Furthermore, laws and regulations applicable to lotteries and gaming in US. and international
jurisdictions are subject to change and the effect of such changes on our ongoing and potential operations cannot be predicted
with certainty.
From time to time, we retain government affairs representatives in various US. and international jurisdictions to
advise elected and appointed oﬁicials and the public concerning our views on gaming and lottery-related legislation, as well as
to monitor such legislation and to advise us in our relations with gaming and lottery authorities.
Gaming
We provide our games, gaming machines, gaming systems, table products and related products and services in legal
gaming jurisdictions worldwide. The manufacture, distribution, provision and operation of our gaming products and services is
subject to regulation and approval by various city, county, state, provincial, federal, tribal and foreign agencies. The primary
purposes of these rules are to (1) ensure the responsibility, ﬁnancial stability and character of the parties involved in these
activities through licensing requirements, (2) ensure the integrity and compliance of our gaming products and services and (3)
prohibit the use of gaming products and services at unauthorized locations or for the benefit of undesirable parties.
Typically, gaming regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate are established by statute and are administered
by a regulatory agency with broad authority to interpret gaming regulations and to regulate gaming activities. Among other
things, gaming authorities in the various jurisdictions in which we are licensed:
- adopt additional rules and regulations under the implementing statutes;
- investigate violations of gaming regulations;
1 3