manufacturer of business and special mission aircraft. Earlier in her career, Ms. Tj on served as Director, Senior Director and
Managing Director at Alvarez & Marsal, LLC, a leading independent global professional services firm specializing in business
turnaround and performance improvement.
Michael A. Quartieri serves as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary.
Previously he served as the Company’s Vice President and Corporate Controller. Prior to joining SGC, Mr. Quartieri served
nine years with Las Vegas Sands Corp., ending his tenure as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Global
Controller. Prior to that, he had a 13-year tenure at Deloitte & Touche LLP, rising to the position of Director of Audit and
Assurance Services and specializing in gaming and hospitality clients.
Michael F. Winterscheidt has served as Chief Accounting Officer since February 2017. Previously he served as the
Company's Vice President and Corporate Controller. Prior to joining SGC, Mr. Winterscheidt served three years with Caesars
Entertainment Corporation, ending his tenure as Vice President and Corporate Controller. Prior to that, he had leadership roles
leading the corporate accounting and financial reporting organizations of Delta Airlines, Inc. and Microsoft Corporation. He
was previously a manager in the audit practice of the global accounting firm of Arthur Andersen LLP.
David W Smail has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since August 2015. Prior to this role,
he served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Morgans Hotel Group Co., an international hospitality company.
Prior to that, he was Executive Vice President and Group General Counsel at Havas SA, a Paris-based global advertising and
communications services company. Earlier in his career, he was a partner with the international law firm Hogan Lovells, where
he worked in Paris, France and Washington DC.
James C. Kennedy has served as Executive Vice President and Group Chief Executive of Lottery since September
2013. Prior to this role, Mr. Kennedy served as President of Printed Products and Chief Marketing Officer. From 2005 to 2011,
Mr. Kennedy served as Senior Vice President of SGI, and prior to that, Mr. Kennedy served as Vice President of US. Sales for
SGI. Prior to joining SGC in 1985, Mr. Kennedy was a Systems Engineer for Computer Task Group.
Derik Mooberry serves as Executive Vice President and Group Chief Executive of Gaming. Mr. Mooberry joined SGC
from Bally in November 2014. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President of Games, Table Game Products and Interactive
Research & Development for Bally. He has also held roles as Bally’s Vice President of Systems Operations, Vice President of
Strategic Planning, Vice President of System Sales-Western North America, Vice President of North America Game Sales, as
well as Vice President of Sales-Americas since joining Bally in 2001.
Larry A. Potts has served as Senior Vice President, Chief Compliance Officer and Director of Corporate Security since
March 2015. Previously he served as Vice President, Chief Compliance Officer and Director of Security since February 2006.
Mr. Potts joined SGC in September 2004 as Vice President, Security and Compliance. Previously, he was the Chief Operating
Officer of an international consulting and investigative company in Washington, DC. Prior to that, he served as a Special Agent
of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for over 23 years, where he served in a number of management positions, including
Deputy Director.
Access to Public Filings
We file annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports, proxy statements and other documents with the SEC under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Copies of any materials we file with the SEC are also
available at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE. Washington, DC. 20549. Information on the operation of
the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet
site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with
the SEC at wwwsec. gov.
We make the following information available free of charge through the Investors link on our website at
www.5cientiﬁcgamescom:
° our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to
those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed electronically with or furnished to the SEC;
° Section 16 ownership reports filed by our executive officers, directors and 10% stockholders on Forms 3, 4 and 5 and
amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after they are ﬁled electronically with the SEC; and
16