products, hardware and systems technology and functionality to enhance player entertainment and customer proﬁtability. We
are also focused on expanding use of the internet and other interactive technologies to increase play. Our gaming machines are
usually designed and programmed by our internal engineering staff and internal and external game development studios with
the input and cooperation of our customers.
We have Gaming R&D personnel located in our Las Vegas and Chicago facilities. A large portion of our Lottery R&D
team is based in our Alpharetta, Georgia facilities. We have Interactive personnel located primarily in Chicago, Illinois; Cedar
Falls, Iowa; Austin, Texas; and Tel Aviv, Israel. We also have game development studios in Las Vegas, Nevada, Sydney,
Australia, Manchester, England and India (including Bangalore, Chennai and Pune), with additional R&D staff in other
locations, including Reno, Nevada and Vienna, Austria. During the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, our R&D
expense totaled $204.8 million, $183.9 million and $117.0 million, respectively.
Intellectual Property
Many of our products use intellectual property rights, including trademarks, trade dress, copyrights, patents and trade
secrets. We consider our intellectual property rights to be, in the aggregate, material to our business. We protect our investment
in research and development by seeking intellectual property protection as appropriate for our technologies and content. We
also acquire and license intellectual property from third parties.
The terms of our patents vary based on the date and jurisdiction of filing. The term of US. patents generally expires
20 years from the date of filing of the first non-provisional patent application in a family of patents. The actual protection
afforded by a patent depends upon the type of patent, the scope of its coverage and the availability of legal remedies in the
applicable country. Certain technologies, which are material to our businesses, are the subject of patents issued and patent
applications currently pending in the US. and certain other countries. Our Lottery business uses our patented and patent-
pending technologies in the production, secure printing, validation and distribution of instant lottery games. Our Gaming and
Interactive businesses use our patented and patent-pending technologies in games and associated platforms and systems.
We market many of our products under trademarks and copyrights that provide product differentiation and recognition
and promote our portfolio of product offerings. All of our games feature elements subject to copyright rights and protection. In
addition, we generally obtain trademark protection and often seek to register trademarks for the names and designs under which
we market and license our products and games. Protections for trademarks exist in many countries, including the U.S., for as
long as the trademark is registered and/or used. Registrations are generally issued for ﬁxed, but renewable terms, although
trademark rights may exist whether or not a mark is registered and the duration of the registrations varies by country.
We believe that our use of both our own and third party licensed brand names and related intellectual property
contributes to the appeal and success of our products, and that our future ability to license, acquire or develop new brand names
is important to our continued success. Therefore, we continue to invest in the recognition of our brands and brands that we
license. Certain of our games are based on popular brands licensed from third parties, such as Hasbro International, Inc.,
Fremantle Media North America, CBS Studios Inc., Turner Entertainment Co., Warner Bros. Consumer Products Inc., Harley-
Davidson, Playboy Enterprises International, Inc., Paramount Pictures Corporation, Hearst Holdings Inc., King Features
Syndicate Division, Twentieth Century Fox Licensing and Merchandising, Major League Baseball and National Basketball
Association.
IGT administers a pool of patents relating to "ticket-in ticket-out" technology that enables casino patrons to cash out
from a gaming machine and receive a printed ticket instead of coins. This technology is used in substantially all of our gaming
machines. We have a license for certain patents related to this technology through the expiration date of the relevant patents.
From time to time we become aware of potential infringement of our intellectual property by competitors and other
third parties and consider what action, if any, to take in that regard, including litigation where appr0priate. We are also subject
to threatened or actual intellectual property-related claims by third parties from time to time.
1 l