Our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be affected by natural events in the locations in which
we or our customers, suppliers or regulators operate.
We may be impacted by severe weather and other geological events, including hurricanes, earthquakes, ﬂoods or
tsunamis that could disrupt our operations or the operations of our customers, suppliers, data service providers and regulators.
Natural disasters or other disruptions at any of our facilities or our suppliers’ facilities may impair or delay delivery of our
products and services. Additionally, disruptions experienced by our regulators due to natural disasters or otherwise could delay
our introduction of new products or entry into new jurisdictions where regulatory approval is necessary. While we insure
against certain business interruption risks, we cannot assure that such insurance will compensate us for any losses incurred as a
result of natural or other disasters. Any serious disruption to our operations, or those of our customers, our suppliers or our
regulators, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition.
We may not succeed in realizing the anticipated beneﬁts of our strategic equity investments and relationships.
Under certain circumstances we pursue growth through strategic equity investments, including joint ventures, as a
means to, among other things, gain access to new and important geographies, business opportunities and technical expertise,
while simultaneously offering the potential for reducing capital requirements.
Our strategic equity relationships currently include investments in LNS, Northstar Illinois, Northstar New Jersey,
Hellenic Lotteries, GLB, ITL, CSG and RCN. For additional information regarding our equity investments, see Note 13.
We may not realize the anticipated benefits of these strategic equity investments and relationships and other strategic
investments and relationships that we may make or enter into, or may not realize them in the timeframes expected. These
arrangements pose signiﬁcant risks that could have a negative eﬁect on our operations, including: the potential diversion of our
management’s attention from our core business; the potential failure to realize anticipated synergies, economies of scale or
other value associated with these arrangements; unanticipated costs and other unanticipated events or circumstances, including
losses for which we may be responsible for our pro rata portion; possible adverse effects on our operating results during any
integration process; impairment charges if our strategic equity investments or relationships are not as successful as we
originally anticipate; and our potential inability to achieve the intended objectives of these arrangements.
Furthermore, our strategic equity investments and other strategic relationships pose risks arising from our reliance on
our partners and our lack of sole decision-making authority, which may give rise to disputes between us and our partners. For
instance, our investments in LNS, Northstar Illinois and Northstar New Jersey are minority investments in ventures whose
largest equity holder is Gtech and, although certain corporate actions require our prior consent, we do not unilaterally control
decisions relating to the governance of these entities. We are party to strategic agreements with a subsidiary of Playtech
Limited relating to gaming machines that contemplate our license of, and reliance on, the subsidiary’s back-end technology
platform in certain jurisdictions, particularly in the UK. Our equity partners, licensors and other third parties with which we
have strategic relationships may have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our interests and goals,
take actions contrary to our objectives or policies, undergo a change of control, experience ﬁnancial and other difficulties or be
unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations under our arrangements.
The failure to avoid or mitigate the risks described above or other risks associated with such arrangements could have
a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition.
Our inability to complete acquisitions and integrate those businesses successfully could limit our growth or disrupt our
plans and operations.
From time to time, we pursue strategic acquisitions. Our ability to succeed in implementing our strategy will depend
to some degree upon our ability to identify and complete commercially viable acquisitions. We cannot assure that acquisition
opportunities will be available on acceptable terms or at all, or that we will be able to obtain necessary ﬁnancing or regulatory
approvals to complete potential acquisitions.
We may not be able to successfully integrate any businesses that we acquire, or do so within the intended timeframes.
We could face significant challenges in managing and integrating our acquisitions and our combined operations, including
acquired assets, operations and personnel. In addition, the expected cost synergies associated with such acquisitions may not be
fully realized in the anticipated amounts or within the contemplated timeframes or cost expectations, which could result in
29