betting shops prior to consummating the merger. As these two operators are the largest customers of our UK. gaining business,
if we are not able to continue to supply our products and services to the purchasers of the divested betting shops, it could
negatively impact our business.
Gaming opponents persist in their efforts to curtail the expansion of legalized gaming, which, if successful, could limit the
growth of our operations.
There is significant debate over, and opposition to, land-based and interactive real money gaming. We cannot assure
that this opposition will not succeed in preventing the legalization of gaming in jurisdictions where it is presently prohibited,
prohibiting or limiting the expansion of gaming where it is currently permitted or causing the repeal of legalized gaming in any
jurisdiction. Any successful effort to curtail the expansion of, or limit or prohibit, legalized gaming could have an adverse effect
on our results of operations, cash ﬂows and ﬁnancial condition.
In addition, there is significant opposition to interactive social gaming. Some states or countries could introduce a
regulatory framework to govern interactive social gaming. These regulations could result in a prohibition on interactive social
gaming altogether or substantially increase our costs to comply with these regulations, all of which could have an adverse effect
on our results of operations, cash ﬂows and ﬁnancial condition.
Our success depends upon our ability to adapt to, and ojfer products and services that keep pace with, changing technology
and evolving industry standards.
Our ability to anticipate or respond to changing technology and evolving industry standards and to develop and
introduce new and enhanced products and services, including, but not limited to, gaming and lottery content, gaming machines,
casino-management systems, table products and interactive gaming products and services, on a timely basis or at all is a
significant factor affecting our ability to remain competitive, retain existing contracts or business and expand and attract new
customers and players. We cannot assure that we will achieve the necessary technological advances or have the ﬁnancial
resources needed to introduce new products or services on a timely basis or at all.
Introducing new and innovative products and services requires us to adapt and reﬁne our manufacturing, operations
and delivery capabilities to meet the needs of our product innovation. If we cannot efficiently adapt our manufacturing
infrastructure to meet the needs associated with our product innovations, or if we are unable to upgrade our production capacity
in a timely manner, our business could be negatively impacted. In the past, we have experienced delays in launching new
products and services due to the complex or innovative technologies embedded in our products and services. Such delays can
adversely impact our results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition.
We invest significant resources in our R&D efforts, which may not lead to successful or commercially viable new
technologies or products.
We have invested, and intend to continue to invest, significant resources in R&D eﬁorts. We invest in a number of
areas, including product development for game and system-based hardware, software and game content. In addition, because of
the sophistication of our newer products and the resources committed to their development, they are generally more expensive
to produce and, for our interactive products, to maintain. If our new products do not gain market acceptance or the increase in
the average selling price of these new products is not proportionate to the increase in production cost, in each case as compared
to our prior products, or if the average cost of production does not go down over time, whether by reason of long-term
customer acceptance, our ability to find greater efficiencies in the manufacturing process as we reﬁne our production
capabilities or a general decrease in the cost of the technology, our margins will suffer and could negatively impact our
business, results of operations, cash ﬂows and ﬁnancial condition. We cannot assure that our investment in R&D will lead to
successful new technologies or products. If a new product is not successful, we may not recover our development, regulatory
approval or promotion costs.
Our success depends on our ability to produce new and innovative products and services that respond to customer demand
and create strong and sustained player appeal.
Our success depends upon our ability to respond to dynamic customer demand by producing new and innovative
products and services. The process of developing new products and services is inherently complex and uncertain. If we fail to
20