accurately anticipate customer needs and end user preferences through the development of new products and services, we could
lose business to our competitors, which would adversely affect our results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition.
Our businesses develop and source game content both internally and through third-party suppliers. We also seek to
secure third-party brands for incorporation into our game content. We believe that creative and appealing game content
produces more revenue for our gaming machine customers and provides them with a competitive advantage, which in turn
enhances our revenue and our ability to attract new business and to retain existing business. In our Lottery business, we believe
that innovative game concepts and game content, such as multiplier games and game content that incorporates licensed brands,
can enhance the revenue of our lottery customers and distinguish us from our competitors. We cannot assure that we will be
able to sustain the success of our existing game content or effectively develop or obtain from third parties game content or
licensed brands that will be widely accepted both by our customers and players.
Our success also depends on creating products and services with strong and sustained player appeal. We are under
continuous pressure to anticipate player reactions to, and acceptance of, our new products, avoid declining play levels on
smaller jackpots and continue to provide successful products that generate a high level of play. In some cases, a new game or
gaming machine will only be accepted by our casino or interactive gaming customers if we can demonstrate that it is likely to
produce more revenue and Net win and/or has more player appeal than our existing products and services or our competitors’
products and services. WAP, premium and daily fee Participation gaming machines are replaced on short notice by casino
operators if they do not meet and sustain revenue and profitability expectations. Customers may cancel pending orders with us
if our products are not performing to expectations at other casinos.
In addition, the social gaming landscape is rapidly evolving and is characterized by major ﬂuctuations in the
popularity of social products and platforms, such as the dramatic increase in the popularity of mobile platforms. We may be
unable to develop products at a rate necessary to respond to these changes, or at all, or that anticipate the interests of social
players. Likewise, our social gaming offerings operate largely through Facebook, Google Play for Android devices, Apple iOS
platform, Amazon Kindle platform and Microsoft Windows. If alternative platforms increase in popularity, we could be
adversely impacted if we fail to timely create compatible versions of our products.
We and our industries are subject to strict government regulations that may limit our existing operations and have an
adverse impact on our ability to grow.
In the US. and many other countries, the provision of Gaming and Lottery products and services is subject to
extensive and evolving regulation. These regulatory requirements vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Therefore, we are
subject to a wide range of complex laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we are licensed or operate. Most
jurisdictions require that we be licensed, that our key personnel and certain of our security holders be found suitable or be
licensed, and that our products be reviewed and approved before placement. Licenses, approvals or findings of suitability may
be revoked, suspended or conditioned. If a license, approval or finding of suitability is required by a regulatory authority and
we fail to seek or do not receive the necessary approval, license or finding of suitability, or if it is granted and subsequently
revoked, then we may be prohibited from providing our products or services for use in the particular jurisdiction. In addition,
the loss of a license in one jurisdiction could trigger the loss of a license, or affect our eligibility for a license, in other
jurisdictions. We may also become subject to regulation in any new jurisdictions in which we decide to operate in the future,
including due to expansion of a customer ’s operations. Gaming authorities may levy fines against us or seize certain of our
assets if we violate gaming regulations. We cannot assure that we will be able to obtain or maintain the necessary licenses or
approvals or that the licensing process will not result in delays or adversely aﬁect our operations. The failure to obtain or retain
a required license or approval in any jurisdiction would decrease the geographic areas where we are permitted to operate and
generate revenue, may limit our ability to obtain a license in other jurisdictions and may put us at a disadvantage relative to our
competitors.
We cannot assure that authorities will not seek to restrict our business in their jurisdictions or institute enforcement
proceedings against us. We cannot assure that any instituted enforcement proceedings will be favorably resolved, or that such
proceedings will not have a material adverse impact on our ability to retain and renew existing licenses or to obtain new
licenses in other jurisdictions. Our reputation may also be damaged by any legal or regulatory investigation, regardless of
whether or not we are ultimately accused of, or found to have committed, any violation.
2 l