connection with their use of our technology. A successful challenge to, or invalidation of, one of our intellectual property
interests, a successful claim of infringement by a third party against us, our products or services, or one of our licensees in
connection with the use of our technologies, or an unsuccessful claim of infringement made by us against a third party or its
products or services could adversely affect our business or cause us financial harm. Any such claim and any resulting litigation,
should it occur, could:
° be expensive and time consuming to defend or require us to pay significant amounts in damages;
- invalidate our proprietary rights;
- cause us to cease making, licensing or using products or services that incorporate the challenged intellectual property;
- require us to redesign, reengineer or rebrand our products or services or limit our ability to bring new products and
services to the market in the future;
- require us to enter into costly or burdensome royalty, licensing or settlement agreements in order to obtain the right to
use a product, process or component;
- impact the commercial viability of the products and services that are the subject ofthe claim during the pendency of
such claim; or
- require us by way of injunction to remove products or services on lease or stop selling or leasing new products or
services.
We depend on the security and integrity of the systems and products we offer, and security breaches or other disruptions
could compromise our information or the information of our customers and expose us to liability, which would cause our
business and reputation to suffer.
We believe that our success depends, in large part, on providing secure products, services and systems to our
customers. Despite our security measures, our products, services and systems may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers,
customers, retailers, vendors or employees or breached due to malfeasance or other disruptions. Our ability to prevent
anomalies and monitor and ensure the quality and integrity of our products and services is periodically reviewed and enhanced,
but may not be sufficient to prevent future attacks, breaches or disruptions. Similarly, we regularly assess the adequacy of our
security systems to protect against any material loss to any of our customers and the integrity of our products and services to
end users. Expanded use of the internet and other interactive technologies may result in increased security risks for us and our
customers. We cannot assure that our business will not be affected by a security breach or lapse, which could have a material
adverse impact on our results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition.
Our success depends on our ability to avoid, detect, replicate and correct software and hardware anomalies and
fraudulent manipulation of our products and services. All of our products and services are designed with security features to
prevent fraudulent activity. However, we cannot guarantee that these security features will effectively stop all fraudulent
activities. If our security features do not prevent fraud, we could be adversely affected.
Our gaming machines have experienced anomalies and fraudulent manipulation in the past. Games and gaming
machines may be replaced by casinos and other gaming machine operators if they do not perform according to expectations or
they may be shutdown by regulators. The occurrence of anomalies in, or fraudulent manipulation of, our gaming machines or
our other Gaming and Lottery products and services (including our Interactive gaming products and services), may give rise to
claims from players and claims for lost revenue and profits and related litigation by our customers and may subject us to
investigation or other action by regulatory authorities, including suspension or revocation of our licenses or other disciplinary
action. Additionally, in the event of the occurrence of any such issues with our products and services, substantial engineering
and marketing resources may be diverted ﬁom other projects to correct these issues, which may delay other projects and the
achievement of our strategic objectives.
We rely on information technology and other systems, and any failures in our systems could disrupt our business and
adversely impact our results.
We rely on information technology systems that are important to the operation of our business, some of which are
managed by third parties. These systems are used to process, transmit and store electronic information, to manage and support
our business operations and to maintain internal controls over our financial reporting. We could encounter difficulties in
27