SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(amounts in USD, table amounts in millions, except per share amounts)
ASC 606 will signiﬁcantly increase revenue disclosure requirements; however, many of these newly required
disclosures, including disaggregation of revenue, discussion of deferred revenue and certain required policy disclosures are
included in our current Note 3. Upon adoption, we anticipate further increased disclosure requirements for new concepts arising
from ASC 606 such as disclosures about variable consideration, contract assets, performance obligations, recognition over time
versus at a point-in-time and when our customers control the goods or services delivered.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The amended guidance is intended to
increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet
and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The adoption of this guidance is expected to result in a significant
portion of our operating leases, where we are the lessee, to be recognized on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. The guidance
requires lessees and lessors to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified
retrospective approach. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods
within those fiscal years, with earlier adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact and timing of adopting this
guidance.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements
to Employee Share-Based PaymentAccounting. The amended guidance is intended to simplify several aspects of accounting for
share-based payment award transactions, including income tax consequences, accounting for forfeitures, classiﬁcation of
awards as either equity or liabilities and classification in the statement of cash ﬂows. ASU 2016-09 has separate transition
guidance for each element of the new standard and will be adopted in the first quarter of 2017. We do not expect a material
effect on our financial statements.
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326). The new
guidance replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reﬂects expected credit
losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates.
For trade and other receivables, loans, and other financial instruments, we will be required to use a forward-looking expected
loss model rather than the incurred loss model for recognizing credit losses which reﬂects losses that are probable. The new
standard will be eﬁective for us beginning January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted beginning January 1, 2018.
Application of the amendments is through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the effective date. We are
currently evaluating the impact and timing of adopting this guidance.
In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simpliﬁ/ing the
Test for Goodwill Impairment. The amended guidance simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2
from the goodwill impairment test. Under the amended guidance, we will perform our annual or interim goodwill impairment
test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying value, and an impairment charge is recognized for the
amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated
to that reporting unit. This guidance is effective for annual or any interim goodwill impairment tests in ﬁscal years beginning
after December 15, 2021, with early adoption permitted for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing
dates after January 1, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact and timing of adopting this guidance, but anticipate early
adoption in 2017.
We do not expect that any other recently issued accounting guidance will have a signiﬁcant effect on our financial
statements.
(2) Business Segments
We report our operations in three business segments - Gaming, Lottery and Interactive - representing our different
products and services. Our Gaming business segment generally sells gaming machines, VGTS, VLTs and conversion kits and
parts, leases or otherwise provides gaming machines, server-based systems and content, sells and supports casino-management
systems-based software and hardware, and sells and leases PTG content and Shuﬁlers to commercial, tribal and governmental
gaming operators. Our Lottery business segment provides instant and draw lottery games and related value-added services, as
79