7 Years Ended December 31, 7
7 2016 f f 2015 f f 2014 7
Supplemental cash ﬂow information:
] Cash paid for interest s 621.5 s 596.3 s 185.3 l
Income tax reﬁinds received (21.9) (34.1) (24.7)
jNon—cash investing and ﬁnancing transactions: j
Disposal of fully depreciated assets 159.2 59.9 —
LNon—cash additions to intangible assets related to license agreements _ 78.3_ 15.4_ 116.3j
Non-cash capital lease asset and minimum lease liability — — 42.8
i Non-cash capital contribution — — 10.8 i
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
(1) Description of the Business and Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Description of the business
We are a leading developer of technology-based products and services and associated content for the worldwide
gaming, lottery and interactive gaming industries. Our portfolio includes gaming machines and game content, casino-
management systems, table game products and services, instant and draw-based lottery games, server-based gaming and lottery
systems, sports betting technology, lottery content and services, loyalty and rewards programs, interactive gaming and social
casino solutions. We report our operations in three business segments—Gaming, Lottery and Interactive.
Basis of presentation and principles of consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with US. GAAP. The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of SGC and its wholly owned subsidiaries, as well as
those subsidiaries in which we have a controlling financial interest. Investments in other entities in which we do not have a
controlling financial interest but we exert significant inﬂuence are accounted for in our consolidated financial statements using
the equity method of accounting. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Use of estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US. GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could diﬁer from those estimates.
Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Additional accounting policy disclosures are provided within the applicable notes to the consolidated financial statements.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include all cash balances and highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three
months or less. We place our temporary cash investments with high credit quality financial institutions. At times, such
investments in US. accounts may be in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limit.
Restricted cash
We are required by gaming regulations to maintain sufficient reserves in restricted cash accounts to be used for the
purpose of funding payments to WAP jackpot winners. Restricted cash balances are based primarily on the jackpot meters
displayed to slot players or for previously won jackpots and vary by jurisdiction. Compliance with maintaining adequate
restricted cash balances and complying with appropriate investment guidelines for jackpot funding is periodically reported to
gaming authorities.
76