SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(amounts in USD, table amounts in millions, except per share amounts)
management for a product that is not yet sold. For these types of arrangements (or portions of arrangements) falling within
software revenue recognition standards and that do not involve significant production, modification, or customization, revenue
for each software or software-related element is recognized when we have VSOE of the selling price of all of the undelivered
elements and applicable revenue recognition criteria have been met for the delivered elements. The establishment of VSOE
requires judgment as to whether there is a sufficient quantity of items sold on a stand-alone basis or substantive post-contract
customer support ("PCS") contract renewals and whether the prices or PCS renewal rates demonstrate an appropriate level of
concentration to conclude that VSOE exists.
Gaming operations
Gaming operations revenues are generated by providing customers with proprietary land-based gaming equipment,
table game products and VLTs under a variety of recurring revenue arrangements, including consideration based upon
percentage of Coin-in, a percentage of Net win, or a ﬁxed daily/monthly fee. Fees earned under operating contracts are
recognized as revenue in the period earned and are classified as services revenue when all of the criteria outlined above are met.
Payments from customers under operating contracts are typically due on a monthly basis.
Gaming machine sales
These arrangements include the sale of gaming machines, including game content, electronic table game products and
parts (including game themes and electronics conversion kits). Our credit terms are predominately short term in nature. We also
grant extended payment terms under contracts where the sale is secured by the related equipment sold. Revenue from the sale of
gaming machines is recognized based upon the contractual terms of each arrangement, but predominately upon delivery or
acceptance of gaming machines. If the sale of gaming machines includes multiple elements, these arrangements are accounted
for under multiple element arrangement accounting described above.
Lottery instant games
Our instant games revenue (included in instant products) is primarily generated under long-term contracts to supply
instant games and provide related services to our lottery customers. Revenue ﬁom the sale of instant games that are sold on a
price-per—unit basis is recognized when the customer accepts the product pursuant to the terms of the contract. Revenue from
the sale of instant games that are sold on a Participation basis is recognized as retail sales are generated. We believe that
products and services provided under these arrangements are delivered contemporaneously and are not separate units of
account; therefore, as the services offered are a comprehensive solution in exchange for Participation-based or price-per—unit
based compensation, this revenue is recognized under the general revenue recognition policy above.
Lottery systems
Our Lottery segment offers our customers a number of related, value-added services as part of an integrated product
offering. These services include lottery systems, including point-of-sale terminals and other equipment, software, data
communication services and support and instant game validation systems, as well as software, hardware and related services for
sports wagering and keno systems. Revenue related to lottery system sales is recognized based upon the contractual terms of
each arrangement, but predominately upon delivery or acceptance of goods. The following are specific revenue recognition
policies for our services revenue within our Lottery segment:
- Revenue from the provision of lottery system services provided on a Participation basis is recognized when the retail
sales of draw lottery games are generated. Some lottery systems contracts also result in recognition of revenue when
retail sales of instant tickets through the system are generated.
- Revenue from the perpetual licensing of customized lottery software is recognized under the percentage of completion
method of accounting, based on the ratio of costs incurred to estimated costs to complete.
- Revenue derived from maintenance on lottery software and lottery terminals is recognized ratably over the
maintenance period.
83