increased costs and have an adverse effect on our prospects, results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition. We expect
to incur incremental costs and capital expenditures related to our contemplated integration activities.
Acquisition transactions may disrupt our ongoing business. The integration of acquisitions will require significant time
and focus from management and may divert attention from the day-to-day operations of the combined business or delay the
achievement of our strategic objectives.
We have incurred, and may continue to incur, restructuring costs, the beneﬁts of which are unpredictable and may not be
achieved.
On November 3, 2016, we announced that we began implementing a new business improvement initiative, which we
expect will streamline our organization, increase our efficiencies, and significantly reduce our operating costs. These expected
cost savings will encompass a combination of headcount reductions, facilities streamlining, and reductions in other operating
costs. We may also engage in additional restructuring initiatives in the future. Because we are not able to predict with certainty
when we will reorganize portions of our business, we cannot predict the extent, timing and magnitude of additional
restructuring charges. We may also not realize the anticipated reduction in operating costs.
Our products and services may be subject to complex revenue recognition standards, which could materially affect our
ﬁnancial results.
We may enter into transactions that include multiple-element arrangements and/or software components and
applicable accounting principles or regulatory product approval delays could impact when we recognize revenue with respect
to such transactions and could adversely affect our ﬁnancial results for any given period. In addition, ﬂuctuations may occur in
our revenue and related deferred revenue as a result of multiple-element arrangements that include both hardware and software.
See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Critical Accounting Estimates-
Revenue recognition for multiple-element arrangements" in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Note 3 for
additional information.
We may be required to recognize additional impairment charges.
We review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the
carrying value may not be recoverable. We test goodwill and other indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least
annually. Factors that may indicate a change in circumstances, such that the carrying value of our goodwill or amortizable
intangible assets may not be recoverable, include a decline in our stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash
ﬂow estimates, and slower growth rates in industry segments in which we participate. We may be required to record a
significant charge in our consolidated ﬁnancial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or
intangible assets is determined, which would negatively affect our results of operations. For example, during ﬁscal year 2016
we recorded a charge of $69.0 million, and during ﬁscal 2015 we recorded charges of $1,002.6 million and $128.6 million for
the impairment of goodwill and trade name assets, respectively. We cannot predict the occurrence of impairments, and we
cannot assure that we will not have to record additional impairment charges in the future.
Our results of operations ﬂuctuate due to seasonality and other factors and, therefore, our periodic operating results are not
guarantees of future performance.
Our results of operations can ﬂuctuate due to seasonal trends and other factors. Sales of our gaming machines to
casinos are generally strongest in the spring and slowest in the summer, while revenue from our Participation gaming machines
is generally strongest in the spring and summer. Player activity in our Interactive business is generally slower in the second and
third quarters of the year, particularly during the summer months. Certain other seasonal trends and factors that may cause our
results to ﬂuctuate include: the geographies where we operate; holiday and vacation seasons; climate; weather; economic and
political conditions; timing of the release of new products; significant equipment sales or the introduction of gaming or lottery
activities in new jurisdictions or to new customers; the size and duration of draw lottery game jackpots; and other factors.
In light of the foregoing, results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved in
another quarter or for the full fiscal year. We cannot assure that the seasonal trends and other factors that have impacted our
historical results will repeat in future periods as we cannot inﬂuence or forecast many of these factors.
30