bet and receiving the bet is authorized by that state's law, provided the underlying regulations establish appropriate age and
location verification.
Within the past few years, state-authorized internet casino gaming has been launched in Delaware and New Jersey and
state authorized online poker has been launched in Nevada. A number of other states are also considering adopting legislation
to specifically authorize interactive gaming or online poker. Additionally, two state lotteries oﬁer (and other lotteries are
considering offering) internet instant game sales to in-state lottery customers and a number of other states allow subscription
sales of draw games over the internet.
There have been various bills proposed recently in the US. to restrict or prohibit interactive gaming and lottery sales.
Very significant resources are being devoted to supporting these efforts. Although these efforts have generally not been
successful, we cannot assure that laws restricting interactive gaming or lottery sales will not be passed at either the federal or
state level. For instance, in May 2015, the Minnesota legislature passed an amendment to the state’s lottery law prohibiting the
sale of instant win lottery tickets over the internet. Furthermore, changes in the executive branches of government at the state
and federal level could affect federal and state policies on gaming as well.
To varying degrees, a number of European governments have taken steps to change the regulation of internet wagering
through the implementation of new or revised licensing and taxation regimes, some of which include the imposition of
sanctions on unlicensed providers. Countries outside Europe and the US. have also begun evaluating interactive gaming
regulation and an increase in regulated markets outside of the US. and Europe is likely to continue. Some of our competitors
may be more willing to provide internet wagering in countries where the relevant laws and regulations are unclear or not
uniformly enforced, putting us at a competitive disadvantage if we do not provide services related to internet wagering in such
countries.
We continue to devote significant attention to monitoring these developments. However, we cannot predict the timing,
scope or terms of any state, federal or foreign regulations relating to Interactive gaming and Lottery sales.
Additional Information Regarding Government Regulations
We are subject to speciﬁc gaming requirements in the different jurisdictions in which we operate. For additional
information, we have filed a summary of the gaming regulations that govern our businesses as an exhibit to this Annual Report
on Form lO-K. See Exhibit 99.12 (Gaming Regulations). In addition, see "Risk Factors" in Item 1A of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K for a discussion of risk factors related to gaming, lottery and RMG regulations to which we may be subject.
Executive Ofﬁcers of the Company
Certain information regarding each of our executive officers is set forth below.
iName 7 iAge 7 Position
1 Kevin Sheehan 63 Chief Executive Officer 1
Karin-Joyce Tjon 54 Chief Operating Officer and President
I Michael A. Quartieri 48 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary l
Michael F. Winterscheidt 46 Chief Accounting Ofﬁcer
I David W. Smail 51 Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer l
James C. Kennedy 60 Executive Vice President and Group Chief Executive, Lottery
lDerik J. Mooberry 44 Executive Vice President and Group Chief Executive, Gaming l
Larry A. Potts 69 Senior Vice President, Chief Compliance Officer and Director of Security
Kevin Sheehan has served as Chief Executive Ofﬁcer since August 2016. Previously he served as Chief Executive
Oﬁicer and President of Norwegian Cruise Line Holding Ltd. Prior to that, Mr. Sheehan served as Chief Executive Ofﬁcer of
Vehicle Services, which included global responsibilities of Avis, Budget, PHH Vehicle Management Services and Wright
Express. Earlier in his career, Mr. Sheehan served as President of STT Video Partners and was instrumental in the creation and
launch of Telemundo.
Karin-Joyce Ij'on has served as Chief Operating Officer and President since February 2017. Previously she served as
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer at Epiq Systems, Inc, a worldwide provider of legal services and
technology. Prior to that, Ms. Tj on served as Chief Financial Ofﬁcer of Hawker Beechcraft Corporation, an international
1 5