SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(amounts in USD, table amounts in millions, except per share amounts)
deemed to be non-performing, the note is placed on non-accrual status and interest income is recognized on a cash basis. The
amount of our non-performing notes was immaterial at December 31, 2016 and 2015.
In certain international jurisdictions, we offer extended payment terms ranging between 18 to 36 months. Sales with
extended payment terms typically result in a higher selling price and, if extended over periods longer than one year, incur
interest.
In our Gaming machine sales business, we file UCC-l financing statements domestically in order to retain a security
interest in the gaming machines that underlie a signiﬁcant portion of our domestic accounts and notes receivable until the
receivable balance is fully paid. However, the value of the gaming machines, if repossessed, may be less than the balance of the
outstanding receivable. For international customers, depending on the country and our historic collection experience with the
customer, we may obtain pledge agreements, bills of exchange, guarantees, post-dated checks or other forms of security
agreements designed to enhance our ability to collect the receivables, although a majority of our international accounts and
notes receivables do not have these features. In our Gaming operations business, because we own the Participation gaming
machines that are leased or otherwise provided to the customer, in a bankruptcy the customer has to generally either accept or
reject the lease or other agreement and, if rejected, our gaming machines are returned to us. Our accounts and notes receivable
related to revenue earned on Participation gaming machines and all other revenue sources are typically unsecured claims.
Due to the significance of our gaming machines to the on—going operations of our casino customers, we may be
designated as a key vendor in any bankruptcy ﬁling by a casino customer, which can enhance our position above other creditors
in the bankruptcy. Due to our successful collection experience and our continuing relationship with casino customers and their
businesses, it is infrequent that we repossess gaming machines from a customer in partial settlement of outstanding accounts or
notes receivable balances. In those unusual instances where repossession occurs to mitigate our exposure on the related
receivable, the repossessed gaming machines are subsequently resold in the used gaming machine market; however, we may
not fully recover the receivable from this re-sale.
We monitor the credit quality of our accounts and notes receivable by reviewing an aging of customer invoices.
Invoices are considered past due if a scheduled payment is not received within agreed-upon terms. We also review a variety of
other relevant qualitative information such as collection experience, economic conditions and customer-specific financial
conditions to evaluate credit risk in recording the allowance for doubtful accounts or as an indicator of an impaired loan. Where
possible, we seek payment deposits, collateral, pledge agreements, bills of exchange, foreign bank letters of credit, post-dated
checks or personal guarantees with respect to notes receivable from our customers.
We continuously assess our notes receivable using the information stated above for impairment, especially in cases
where macroeconomic conditions could indicate that our ability to collect all amounts due under our contractual agreements is
unlikely. Consistent with our policy with respect to past due receivables, for impaired notes receivable, we generally recognize
interest on notes receivable until the note receivable is deemed impaired, which we define as a note where payments have not
been received within 180 days of the agreed-upon terms. When a note receivable is deemed to be impaired, we write the note
down to its net realizable value, which approximates fair value. Accordingly, on impaired notes we cease recognizing interest
income and instead recognize any payments on a cash basis.
We have certain concentrations of outstanding notes receivable in international locations that impact our assessment of
the credit quality of our notes receivable. We monitor the macroeconomic and political environment in each of these locations
in our assessment of the credit quality of our notes receivable. We have not identified changes in the aforementioned factors in
the twelve months ended December 31, 2016 that require a reassessment of our receivable balances. The international locations
with significant concentrations (generally deemed to be exceeding 10%) of our notes receivable are as follows:
- Mexico - Our accounts and notes receivable, net, from certain customers in Mexico at December 31, 2016 was $33.9
million. We collected $30.9 million of outstanding receivables from these customers during the year ended
December 31, 2016.
87