future may negatively impact the validity or enforceability of certain of our patents, our ability to protect our inventions,
innovations and new technology and the value of our substantial patent portfolio.
Our intellectual property protects the integrity of our games, systems, products and services. For example, our
intellectual property is designed to ensure the security of the printing of our instant lottery games and to provide simple and
secure validation of our lottery tickets. Competitors may independently develop similar or superior products, software or
systems, which could negatively impact our results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition. In cases where our
technology or product is not protected by enforceable intellectual property rights, such independent development may result in
a significant diminution in the value of such technology or product.
We also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how. We enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees
and independent contractors regarding our trade secrets and proprietary information, but we cannot assure that the obligation to
maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets and proprietary information will be honored.
We are currently making, and in the future may make, claims of infringement, invalidity or enforceability against third
parties. For example, with the emergence of interactive gaming, we have increased enforcement against parties that infringe our
intellectual property. This enforcement could:
- cause us to incur greater costs and expenses in the protection of our intellectual property;
° potentially negatively impact our intellectual property rights;
- cause one or more of our patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property interests to be ruled or rendered
unenforceable or invalid; or
- divert management’s attention and our resources.
We rely on the ability to use the intellectual property rights of thirtl parties.
We rely on products, technologies and intellectual property that we license from third parties, including from our
competitors, for use in our Gaming, Lottery and Interactive businesses. Substantially all of our Gaming machines and our
Interactive products and services use intellectual property licensed from third parties. The future success of our business may
depend, in part, on our ability to obtain, retain and/or expand licenses for popular technologies and games in a competitive
market. We cannot assure that these third-party licenses, or support for such licensed products and technologies, will continue
to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. In the event that we cannot renew and/or expand existing
licenses, we may be required to discontinue or limit our use of the products that include or incorporate the licensed intellectual
property.
Some of our license agreements contain minimum guaranteed royalty payments to the third party. If we are unable to
generate sufficient revenue to offset the minimum guaranteed royalty payments, it could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition. Our license agreements typically contain restrictions on our ability to
use or transfer the licensed rights in connection with certain strategic transactions. Certain of our license agreements grant the
licensor rights to audit our use of their intellectual property. Disputes with licensors over uses or terms could result in the
payment of additional royalties or penalties by us, cancellation or non-renewal of the underlying license or litigation.
The intellectual property rights of others may prevent as from developing new products and services, entering new markets
or may expose as to liability or costly litigation
Our success depends in part on our ability to continually adapt our products and systems to incorporate new
technologies and to expand into markets that may be created by new technologies. If technologies are protected by the
intellectual property rights of others, including our competitors, we may be prevented from introducing products based on these
technologies or expanding into markets created by these technologies. If the intellectual property rights of others prevent us
from taking advantage of innovative technologies, our prospects, results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition may
be adversely affected.
We cannot assure that our business activities, games, products, services and systems will not infringe upon the
proprietary rights of others, or that other parties will not assert infringement claims against us. In addition to infringement
claims, third parties may allege claims of invalidity or unenforceability against us or against our licensees or manufacturers in
26