SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(amounts in USD, table amounts in millions, except per share amounts)
2015 SG Gaming Impairment Charge
During the third quarter of 2015, we identified certain events and circumstances, which impacted our SG Gaming
reporting unit and required the performance of an interim goodwill impairment test. Specifically, market-related factors
negatively impacting gaming machine unit demand and the number of gaming machines leased by our customers coupled with
fewer than anticipated new casino openings and expansions had resulted in continued declines in our gaming machine sales and
participation game revenues. A prolonged reduction in customer spending on new gaming machine units, a lack of new casino
openings, economic and political conditions impacting unit sales and participation game revenues in certain international
jurisdictions and cost reduction initiatives undertaken by certain of our customers during the third quarter of 2015 had all
negatively impacted our SG Gaming reporting unit.
We estimated the fair value of the SG Gaming reporting unit using both an income approach that analyzed projected
discounted cash ﬂows and a market approach that considered both comparable public companies as well as comparable industry
transactions. In determining the fair value of our SG Gaming reporting unit, we had given more weight to the income approach
than to the market approach due to a relatively small number of comparable companies within our industry and absence of a
significant volume of recent comparable industry transactions. Additionally, under the market approach, we used other
significant observable inputs including various peer company comparisons.
The following key estimates and assumptions were used in the discounted cash ﬂow analysis:
- A terminal revenue growth rate of 2.0% based on long term nominal growth rate potential;
- A terminal profit margin percentage reﬂecting our historical and forecasted profit margins;
- Assumptions regarding future capital expenditures reﬂective of maintaining our installed base of leased gaming machines
and facilities under normalized operations; and
- An overall discount rate of 9% based on our weighted average cost of capital for the SG Gaming reporting unit.
Based on the results of our goodwill impairment analysis for our SG Gaming reporting unit, we recorded a $935.0
million non-cash impairment charge with no tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2015.
2015 US. Lottery Systems Impairment Charge
Based on the results of our annual goodwill impairment test for our US. Lottery Systems reporting unit, we recorded a
goodwill impairment charge of $67.6 million, which resulted in a tax benefit of $24.9 million during the fourth quarter of 20 1 5.
The impairment charge resulted from an accumulation of various internal and external factors, including our consideration of
the US lottery industry outlook, our failure to win anticipated new US. lottery system contracts, intense price-based
competition and requirements for up-front cash-based payments.
We estimated the fair value of the US. Lottery Systems reporting unit using both an income approach that analyzed
projected discounted cash ﬂows and a market approach that considered comparable public companies. In determining the fair
value of our US. Lottery Systems reporting unit, we had given more weight to the income approach than to the market
approach due to a relatively small number of comparable companies within our industry. The key estimates and assumptions
used in the discounted cash ﬂows analysis included a 2.0% terminal revenue growth rate and an overall discount rate of 8%.
Other long-lived assets and intangible assets with ﬁnite useful lives
Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized over two to sixteen years using the straight-line method, which
materially approximates the pattern of the assets' use. Factors considered when assigning useful lives include legal, regulatory
and contractual provisions, product obsolescence, demand, competition and other economic factors.
We assess the recoverability of long-lived assets and intangible assets with ﬁnite useful lives whenever events arise or
circumstances change that indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets (or
asset groups) to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying value of the asset (or asset group) to the expected
net future undiscounted cash ﬂows to be generated by that asset (or asset group). The amount of impairment of other long-lived
assets and intangible assets with finite lives is measured by the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds the fair
market value of the asset.
95