We may not have sufficient cash flows from operating activities, cash on hand and available borrowings under our credit
agreement to finance required capital expenditures under new contracts and meet our other cash needs. These obligations
require a significant amount of cash.
Our Gaming Participation and Lottery systems businesses generally require signiﬁcant upfront capital expenditures for
gaming machine or lottery terminal assembly, software customization and implementation, systems and equipment installation
and telecommunications configuration. In connection with a renewal or bid of a Gaming machine or Lottery systems contract, a
customer may seek to obtain new equipment or impose new service requirements, which may require additional capital
expenditures in order to retain or win the contract. Historically, we have funded these upfront costs through cash ﬂows
generated from operations, available cash on hand and borrowings under our credit agreement. In addition, we have seen an
increase in lottery RFPs, some involving PMAs, which include economic terms that expose the Company to increased risk,
such as requiring the guarantee of speciﬁc income thresholds or significant upfront payments. Our ability to generate revenue
and to continue to procure new contracts will depend on, among other things, our then present liquidity levels or our ability to
obtain additional ﬁnancing on commercially reasonable terms.
If we do not have adequate liquidity or are unable to obtain financing for these upﬁont costs and our other cash needs
on favorable terms or at all, we may not be able to bid on certain contracts, which could result in our losing business or restrict
our ability to grow which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition.
Moreover, we may not realize the return on investment that we anticipate on new or renewed contracts due to a variety of
factors, including lower than anticipated retail sales or amounts wagered, higher than anticipated capital or operating expenses
and unanticipated regulatory developments or litigation. We may not have adequate liquidity to pursue other aspects of our
strategy, including bringing our products and services to new customers or new or underpenetrated geographies (including
through equity investments) or pursuing strategic acquisitions. In the event we pursue significant acquisitions or other
expansion opportunities, conduct significant repurchases of our outstanding securities, or refinance or repay existing debt, we
may need to raise additional capital either through the public or private issuance of equity or debt securities or through
additional borrowings under our existing ﬁnancing arrangements, which sources of funds may not necessarily be available on
terms acceptable to us, if at all.
We may not have suﬂicient cash flows from operating activities to service all of our indebtedness and other obligations, and
may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations, which may not be successful
Our ability to make payments on and to reﬁnance our indebtedness and other obligations depends on our results of
operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition, which in turn are subject to general economic, ﬁnancial, competitive,
legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash ﬂows from
operating activities suﬁicient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness as well as our
other obligations.
We are required to make scheduled payments of principal on the term loans borrowed under our credit agreement, and
our credit agreement requires that a portion of our excess cash ﬂow be applied to prepay amounts borrowed under our credit
agreement. We may also, from time to time, repurchase, or otherwise retire or reﬁnance our debt, through our subsidiaries or
otherwise. Such activities, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, contractual restrictions and other factors, and the
amounts involved may or may not be material. If we need to refinance all or part of our indebtedness at or before maturity, we
cannot assure that we will be able to obtain new financing or to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable
terms or at all.
Our lenders, including the lenders participating in our revolving credit facility under our credit agreement, may
become insolvent or tighten their lending standards, which could make it more difficult for us to borrow under our revolving
credit facility or to obtain other ﬁnancing on favorable terms or at all. Our results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial
condition would be adversely aﬁected if we were unable to draw funds under our revolving credit facility because of a lender
default or to obtain other cost-eﬁective ﬁnancing. Any default by a lender in its obligation to fund its commitment under our
revolving credit facility (or its participation in letters of credit) could limit our liquidity to the extent of the defaulting lender ’s
commitment. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash ﬂow in the future to meet our commitments, we will be required to
adopt one or more alternatives, such as reﬁnancing or restructuring our indebtedness, selling material assets or operations or
seeking to raise additional debt or equity capital. We cannot assure that any of these actions could be completed on a timely
35