devalued in a jurisdiction in which we are paid in such currency, we may require our customers to pay higher amounts for our
products, which they may be unable or unwilling to pay.
Our operations in foreign jurisdictions subject us to additional risks customarily associated with such operations,
including: the complexity of foreign laws, regulations and markets; the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in foreign
jurisdictions; the impact of foreign labor laws and disputes; the economic, tax and regulatory policies of local governments;
compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws; and the ability to attract and retain key personnel in foreign jurisdictions. In
addition, our international business operations could be interrupted and negatively affected by terrorist activity, political unrest
or other economic or political uncertainties. For example, recent government actions and challenges affecting the gaming
industry in Mexico have increased the credit quality risk with respect to certain of our current Mexico customers. In addition,
foreign jurisdictions could impose tariffs, quotas, trade barriers and other similar restrictions on our international sales.
In addition, our ability to expand successfully in foreign jurisdictions involves other risks, including difficulties in
integrating foreign operations, risks associated with entering jurisdictions in which we may have little experience and the
day-to-day management of a growing and increasingly geographically diverse company. Our investment in foreign jurisdictions
within the Lottery segment often entails entering into joint ventures or other business relationships with locally based entities,
which can involve additional risks arising from our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on a partner ’s financial
condition, inconsistency between our business interests or goals and those of our partners and disputes between us and our
partners.
We may not realize the operating efficiencies, competitive advantages or financial results that we anticipate from our
investments in foreign jurisdictions and our failure to eﬁectively manage the risks associated with our operations in foreign
jurisdictions could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial
condition.
The affirmative vote in the UK. to withdraw from the EU may adversely affect our business.
On June 23, 2016, the UK. held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the EU, commonly referred to
as "Brexit". As a result of the referendum, it is expected that the British government will begin negotiating the terms of the
U.K.'s future relationship with the EU. The Brexit vote may result in regulatory uncertainty throughout the region and could
adversely affect business activity, restrict the movement of capital and the mobility of personnel, and otherwise impair political
stability and economic conditions in the UK, the EU and elsewhere. Any of these developments could have a material adverse
effect on business activity in the UK. or the EU. Given that we conduct a substantial portion of our business in continental
Europe and the UK. any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, results of
operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition.
The uncertainty concerning the timing and terms of the Brexit could have a negative impact on the growth of the UK.
and EU economies and cause greater volatility in the British Pound Sterling, the Euro and other currencies. Changes in
currency exchange rates may reduce the reported value of our revenues outside the US. The announcement of Brexit has
caused significant volatility in global stock markets and currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations, including the strengthening of the
US. dollar against foreign currencies.
Brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the UK. determines
which EU laws to replace or replicate. Additionally, Brexit could allow the UK. to significantly alter its regulations affecting
our industry, which may result in significant costs and potentially lost opportunities for us. It may also be time-consuming and
expensive for us to alter our internal operations in order to comply with new regulations. Changes to UK. border and
immigration policy could likewise occur as a result of Brexit, affecting our ability to recruit and retain employees from outside
the UK.
Changes in tax laws or tax rulings, or the examination of our tax positions, could materially ajfect our ﬁnancial condition
and results of operations.
The US. Congress and the current administration have expressed a desire to reform current US. corporate income tax
laws. Our existing corporate structure and intercompany arrangements have been implemented in a manner we believe is in
compliance with current prevailing tax laws. However, the tax benefits that we intend to eventually derive could be undermined
due to potential US. tax reform. Certain contemplated changes to US. tax laws, if enacted, including a reduction to the 35
32