lottery system may also be used to activate, sell and validate instant lottery games to conﬁrm that a ticket is a winner and
prevent duplicate payments. In some jurisdictions, separate instant game validation systems may be installed.
Lotteries may offer a range of other games. In the US, some lotteries offer high ﬁequency games such as keno, which
is typically played every four to five minutes in restricted social settings, such as bars, and is usually offered as an extension of
the lottery system.
The table below lists our more significant lottery contracts representing approximately 33% of our Lottery revenue.
Also included are instant or draw lottery game retail sales (as applicable), if publicly available, for each jurisdiction.
Fiscal 2016
State Instant Expiration Date of
Game Current Contract Current
or Lottery Systems Commencement (before any exercise Renewal
Retail Sales Type of Date of of remaining Options
Lottery/Operator (in millions) Contract Current Contract renewal options) Remaining
j Florida 3,960 Instant Games - Paiicjpiation October 2008 September 2018 None
Georgia 55 3,091 Instant Games - Participation September 2003 September 2025 None
i Pennsylvania 55 4,172 Lottery—Systems January 2009 December 2018 None ‘
Pennsylvania 55 2,809 Instant Games - Participation August 2007 August 2017 None
I Maryland $ 1,921 Lottery _Systems October 2005 June 2017 None l
LNS (Italy) € 8,978 Instant Games - Price—per—unit October 2010 September 2019 1 nine-year
’ Camelot Group plc (U .K.) £ 2,566 Instant Games - Participation November 2013 January 2023 None ‘
Competition
The instant lottery game sector is highly competitive and continues to be subject to intense price-based competition.
Our principal instant games competitors in the US. are IGT and Pollard Banknote Limited. Internationally, a number of instant
lottery game vendors compete with us including the competitors noted above as well as diversified printers in India, China and
Latin America. Our principal competitors in the supply of lottery-related licensed games, promotional entertainment and loyalty
or rewards programs are Alchemy3 LLC, ePrize LLC, IGT, Pollard Banknote Limited and Intralot SA.
The lottery systems business is also highly competitive and continues to be subject to intense price-based competition.
Our principal competitors in this business are IGT, Intralot SA. and Tattersalls Group. We also compete with various suppliers
of lottery system components, such as terminals and computer systems, as well as lottery operators that internally develop their
own systems.
As countries liberalize gaming regulations, lotteries may expand their scope by offering sports wagering, gaming
machines, interactive gaming or other forms of gaming, which may introduce new suppliers that compete with us for lottery
customers. In some jurisdictions, the liberalization of gaming regulations has included the privatization or outsourcing of all or
a portion of the lottery operations via a competitive bidding process. We believe Camelot Group plc, the Tattersalls Group, IGT
and Intralot, SA. to be among those competitors who may also bid on such opportunities.
Interactive Segment
Our Interactive business segment includes social (non-wagering) gaming and interactive RMG. Through our
Interactive segment, we make available WMS®, Bally®, SHFL®, BarcrestTM and third-party branded content directly to players
of social gaming, or—in the case of RMG—directly to online casino operators. Our SG UniverseTM service features multiple
platforms which enable land-based casinos to increase engagement with their players. Our Interactive gaming business is
increasingly focused on products and services that operate on both mobile and desktop products and platforms.
Competition
In our social gaming business, we compete for the leisure time and discretionary spending of consumers with other
interactive gaming entertainment companies. Our primary competitors include DoubleDown Interactive, a subsidiary of IGT,
Playtika (acquired by a group of investors led by Shanghai Giant Network Technology Co. in 2016), Big Fish Games Inc., a
subsidiary of Churchill Downs, Inc., GSN/Bash Gaming, Product Madness, a subsidiary of Aristocrat and Zynga Inc. In our
RMG business, our primary competitors are Playtech Limited, Net Entertainment, Microgaming Software Systems Ltd., IGT,
NYX Gaming Group and High 5 Games.
Research and Product Development
We believe our ability to attract new gaming, lottery and interactive gaming customers and retain existing customers
depends in part on our ability to evolve and continue to develop our product line by continually developing differentiating
10