Services Product Sales Instant Games
Instant products — N/A N/A Designing, printing and selling
participation and instant lottery games
' - - ' (1)
price per unlt Providing instant game-related
services, such as game design, sales
and marketing support and inventory
management
Instant products — N/A N/A Supplying player loyalty programs,
licensing and merchandising services and
player loyalty interactive marketing campaigns
Sublicensing brands for lottery
products and providing lottery-related
promotional products
Lottery systems — Providing software, hardware and Providing lottery systems hardware to N/A
services related services for lottery operations: customers where we have an ongoing
including draw systems, instant ticket services arrangement
validation systems, sports wagering
and keno systems
Lottery systems — Lottery systems software Providing lottery systems, including N/A
sales maintenance and support hardware, software, and instant game
validation systems
(1) See Instant Lottery Games below.
Instant Lottery Games
We generate revenue from the sale of instant lottery games. Some of our contracts bundle the design and
manufacturing of instant lottery games, instant game management systems and marketing and other services, such as the design
and installation of game management software, inventory and distribution, sales, accounting, training and advisory services,
market research and retailer training and recruitment. We are typically paid on a Participation basis under these contracts. We
believe these services help lotteries effectively manage and support their operations, achieve higher retail sales and lower
operating costs. We also provide licensed games and promotional and interactive marketing services to the lottery industry.
We market instant lottery games and related services to US. and international lotteries and commercial customers. We
supply instant lottery games to 38 of the 44 US. jurisdictions that sell instant lottery games and have sold instant lottery games
to customers in approximately 50 countries. Our US. instant lottery game contracts customarily have an initial term of three to
ﬁve years and frequently include multiple renewal options for additional periods ranging from one to five years, which our
customers have generally exercised in the past. We usually sell our instant lottery games on a price-per—unit (meaning instant
games sold to customer at a ﬁxed price per unit) or Participation basis. Certain of our international customers purchase instant
lottery games as needed rather than under multi-game supply contracts.
We provide lotteries with access to some of the world's most popular entertainment brands on lottery products, which
we believe helps increase our customers' instant game sales. Our licensed entertainment brands include AMC®- THE WALKING
DEAD®, HARLEY-DA VIDSON®, LOT ERIATM, MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL®, M4RGARI TA VILLE®, MONOPOLY,
NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION®, THE PRICE IS RIGHT® and SLINGO®. We also provide branded merchandise,
advertising, promotional support, drawing management services and prize fulﬁllment programs. In addition, we offer lotteries
interactive marketing services through our Properties Plus® program which features players clubs, reward programs, second
chance promotional websites, interactive games and subscription systems that enable players to purchase lottery games
securely over the internet.
5 3