regulatory authorities such as the National Indian Gaming Commission, and, among other things, any such review could
require substantial modiﬁcations to any such agreement we enter into with a Native American tribe customer.
Our businesses are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations governing data privacy
and security, including with respect to the collection, storage, use, transmission and protection of personal information and
other consumer data. In particular, the EU has adopted strict data privacy regulations. Following recent developments such as
the European Court of Justice’s 2015 ruling that the transfer of personal data from the EU to the US. under the EU/U.S. Safe
Harbor was an invalid mechanism of personal data transfer, the adoption of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield as a replacement for the
Safe Harbor, and the upcoming effective date of the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation, data privacy and security
compliance in the EU are increasingly complex and challenging. The scope of data privacy and security regulations continues
to evolve, and we believe that the adoption of increasingly restrictive regulations in this area is likely within the US. and other
jurisdictions. Compliance with data privacy and security restrictions could increase the cost of our operations and failure to
comply with such restrictions could subject us to criminal and civil sanctions as well as other penalties.
We are subject to the provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws that generally
prohibit U.S. persons and companies and their agents from offering, promising, authorizing or making improper payments to
foreign government oﬁicials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Certain of these anti-corruption laws also
contain provisions that require accurate record keeping and further require companies to devise and maintain an adequate
system of internal accounting controls. Although we have policies and controls in place that are designed to ensure compliance
with these laws, if those controls are ineffective or an employee or intermediary fails to comply with the applicable regulations,
we may be subject to criminal and civil sanctions as well as other penalties. Any such violation could disrupt our business and
adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition.
We have developed and implemented an internal compliance program in an effort to ensure that we comply with legal
requirements imposed in connection with our Gaming and Lottery activities, as well as legal requirements generally applicable
to all publicly traded companies. The compliance program is run on a day-to-day basis by our chief compliance officer with
legal advice provided by attorneys in our legal and compliance departments and outside experts. The compliance program is
overseen by the compliance committee of our board of directors, consisting of our chief executive officer, three non-employee
directors and a non-employee gaming law expert. We cannot assure that such steps will prevent the violation of one or more
laws or regulations, or that a Violation by us or an employee will not result in the imposition of a monetary ﬁne, suspension or
revocation of one or more of our licenses or other penalties.
The regulatory environment in any particular jurisdiction may change in the future, including changes that limit some
or all of our existing operations in that jurisdiction, and any such change could materially and adversely affect our results of
operations, cash ﬂow, financial condition, business or prospects. Moreover, we cannot assure that our activities will be
approved by additional jurisdictions or that those jurisdictions in which these activities are currently permitted will continue to
permit such activities. Laws and regulations relating to our Interactive gaming businesses are evolving. For additional
discussion regarding risks associated with the evolving interactive gaming regulatory landscape, see the risk factor below
captioned "We may not be able to capitalize on the expansion of internet or other forms of interactive gaming or other trends
and changes in the gaming and lottery industries, including due to laws and regulations governing these industries."
See Exhibit 99.12 (Gaming Regulations) for additional information regarding certain of the regulations that govern our
Gaming business.
We may not be able to capitalize on the expansion of internet or other forms of interactive gaming or other trends
and changes in the gaming and lottery industries, including due to laws and regulations governing these industries.
We participate in the new and evolving interactive gaming and lottery industries through our social, RMG and other
interactive gaming and lottery products. Part of our strategy is to take advantage of the liberalization of interactive gaming,
both within the US. and internationally. These industries involve signiﬁcant risks and uncertainties, including legal, business
and financial risks. The success of these industries and of our interactive gaming and lottery products and services may be
affected by future developments in social networks, including F acebook, mobile platforms, regulatory developments, data
privacy laws and other factors that we are unable to predict and are beyond our control. This fast-changing environment can
make it difficult to plan strategically and can provide opportunities for competitors to grow their businesses at our expense.
Consequently, our future results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition relating to our Interactive gaming and Lottery
23