- enforce gaming regulations and impose disciplinary sanctions for violations of such laws, including ﬁnes, penalties
and revocation of gaming licenses;
- review the character and fitness of manufacturers, distributors and operators of gaming products and services and
make determinations regarding their suitability or qualiﬁcation for licensure;
- grant licenses for the manufacture, distribution and operation of gaming products and services;
- review and approve transactions (such as acquisitions, material commercial transactions, securities offerings and debt
transactions); and
- establish and collect related fees and/or taxes.
We believe we hold all of the licenses and permits necessary to conduct our business. We are authorized to sell, lease
or operate our gaming products and services in approximately 450 jurisdictions worldwide (including jurisdictions that do not
require licensing), including approximately 170 international gaming jurisdictions.
In addition, a number of US. states authorize wagering on VLTs at state regulated and licensed facilities. Although
some states restrict VLTs to already existing wagering facilities, others permit these machines to be placed at venues such as
bars, restaurants, truck stops and other specifically licensed gaming facilities. In addition, all of the Canadian provinces and
various other international jurisdictions have authorized VLTs.
Regulatory requirements vary among jurisdictions, but the majority of jurisdictions require licenses, permits or
ﬁndings of suitability for our company, individual oﬁicers, directors, major stockholders and key employees. Our gaming
hardware and software also must be approved either by a gaming authority laboratory or a private laboratory authorized by the
gaming authority.
Lottery
Currently, 44 US. jurisdictions offer instant game lotteries, and 46 US. jurisdictions oﬁer draw lotteries. The
operation of lotteries in the US. and internationally is subject to extensive regulation. Although certain features of a lottery,
such as the percentage of gross revenues that must be paid back to players in prize money, are usually set by legislation, lottery
regulatory authorities generally exercise significant discretion, including with respect to the determination of the types of
games played, the price of each wager, the manner in which the lottery is marketed and the selection of suppliers of equipment,
technology and services and retailers of lottery products.
To ensure the integrity of contract awards and lottery operations, most jurisdictions require detailed background
disclosure on a continuous basis from, and conduct background investigations of, vendors and their officers, directors,
subsidiaries, afﬁliates and principal stockholders. Background investigations of the vendors' employees who will be directly
responsible for the operation of lottery systems are also generally conducted and most states reserve the right to require the
removal of employees who they deem to be unsuitable or whose presence they believe may adversely affect the operational
security or integrity of the lottery. Certain jurisdictions also require extensive personal and financial disclosure and background
checks from persons and entities beneﬁcially owning a speciﬁed percentage (typically five percent or more) of a vendor's
securities. The failure of such beneﬁcial owners of our securities to submit to background checks and provide such disclosure
could result in the imposition of penalties upon these beneﬁcial owners and could jeopardize the award of a lottery contract to
us or provide grounds for termination of an existing lottery contract.
The award of lottery contracts and ongoing operations of lotteries in international jurisdictions are also extensively
regulated, although international regulations typically vary from those prevailing in the US. Restrictions are ﬁequently
imposed on foreign companies seeking to do business in such jurisdictions and, as a consequence, we have in a number of
instances allied ourselves with local companies when seeking international lottery contracts.
Interactive
In the United States, the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act of 2006 ("UIGEA") prohibits among other
things, the acceptance by a business of a wager by means of the internet where such wager is prohibited by any applicable law
where initiated, received or otherwise made. Under UIGEA severe criminal and civil sanctions may be imposed on the owners
and operators of such systems and on financial institutions that process wagering transactions. The law contains a safe harbor
for wagers placed within a single state (disregarding intermediate routing of the transmission) where the method of placing the
14