SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(amounts in USD, table amounts in millions, except per share amounts)
Oregon State Lottery matter
On December 31, 2014, a representative of a purported class of persons alleged to have been financially harmed by
relying on the "auto hold" feature of various manufacturers' video lottery terminals played in Oregon, ﬁled suit in the Circuit
Court of Multnomah County, Oregon, against the Oregon State Lottery and various manufacturers, including WMS Gaming
Inc. The suit alleges that the auto hold feature of video poker games is perceived by players as providing the best possible
playing strategy that will maximize the odds of the player winning, when such auto hold feature does not maximize the players'
odds of winning. The plaintiffs are seeking in excess of $134.0 million in monetary damages.
In April 2015, the court granted the Oregon State Lottery’s motion to dismiss, stating the plaintiffs had not satisfied the
Oregon Tort Claims Act. As a result of the dismissal, the court indicated that all claims against WMS Gaming Inc. were moot.
In June 2015, plaintiffs filed an appeal and in August 2016 oral arguments were held on the appeal. The parties are awaiting the
court's ruling.
We intend to vigorously defend against the claims asserted in the lawsuit.
Shuﬂle Tech matter
In April 2015, Shuﬁle Tech International, LLC, Aces Up Gaming, Inc. and Poydras-Talrick Holdings LLC brought a
civil action in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against the Company, Bally Technologies,
Inc. and Bally Gaming, Inc., alleging monopolization of the market for card shufﬂers in violation of federal antitrust laws,
fraudulent procurement of patents on card shuﬁlers, unfair competition and deceptive trade practices. Specifically, the plaintiffs
claim that the defendants used certain shuffler patents in a predatory manner to create and maintain a monopoly in the relevant
shufﬂer market. The plaintiffs seek no less than $100.0 million in compensatory damages; treble damages; and injunctive and
declaratory relief. In June 2015, the defendants ﬁled a motion to dismiss. In October 2015, the court dismissed all of the
plaintiffs” claims against Bally Technologies, Inc. and Bally Gaming, Inc. with prejudice, except for the claims of violation of
antitrust laws related to the fraudulent procurement of patents on card shuﬁlers. We intend to vigorously defend against the
claims asserted in the lawsuit.
(23) Financial Information for Guarantor Subsidiaries and Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries
We conduct substantially all of our business through our US. and foreign subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2016,
SGI's obligations under the 2020 Notes, the 2021 Notes, the Secured Notes and the Unsecured Notes were fully and
unconditionally and jointly and severally guaranteed by SGC and the Guarantor Subsidiaries other than SGI. As of December
31, 2016, our 2018 Notes, which were issued by SGC, were fully and unconditionally and jointly and severally guaranteed by
the Guarantor Subsidiaries. The guarantees of our 2018 Notes, 2020 Notes, 2021 Notes, Secured Notes and Unsecured Notes
will terminate under the following customary circumstances: (1) the sale or disposition of the capital stock of the guarantor
(including by consolidation or merger of the guarantor into another person); (2) the liquidation or dissolution of the guarantor;
(3) the defeasance or satisfaction and discharge of the notes; (4) the release of the guarantor ﬁom any guarantees of
indebtedness of SGC and SGI (or, in the case of the 2018 Notes, the release of the guarantor from any guarantees of
indebtedness of SGC); and (5) in the case of the 2020 Notes, the 2021 Notes and the Secured Notes and the Unsecured Notes,
the proper designation of the guarantor as an unrestricted subsidiary pursuant to the indenture governing the respective Notes.
Presented below is condensed consolidating financial information for (1) SGC, (2) SGI, (3) the Guarantor Subsidiaries
and (4) the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and for the years ended December
31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. The condensed consolidating ﬁnancial information has been presented to show the nature of assets
held, results of operations and cash ﬂows of SGC, SGI, the Guarantor Subsidiaries and the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries
assuming the current guarantee structures of the 2018 Notes, the 2020 Notes, the 2021 Notes, the Secured Notes and the
Unsecured Notes were in effect at the beginning of the periods presented.
1 19