upon management’s evaluation of the information available at the reporting date. To be recognized in the financial statements, a
tax benefit must be at least more likely than not of being sustained based on technical merits. The benefit for positions meeting
the recognition threshold is measured as the largest benefit more likely than not of being realized upon ultimate settlement with
a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. Signiﬁcant judgment is required in making these
determinations and adjustments to uncertain tax positions may be necessary to reﬂect actual taxes payable upon settlement.
Adjustments related to positions impacting the effective tax rate affect the provision for income taxes. Adjustments related to
positions impacting the timing of deductions impact deferred tax assets and liabilities.
Our income tax positions and analysis are based on currently enacted tax law Future changes in tax law could
significantly impact the provision for income taxes, the amount of taxes payable, and the deferred tax asset and liability
balances in future periods. Deferred tax assets generally represent tax benefits for tax deductions or credits available in future
tax returns. Certain estimates and assumptions are required to determine whether it is more likely than not that all or some
portion of the benefit of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. In making this assessment, management analyzes and
estimates the impact of future taxable income, available carry-backs and carry-forwards, reversing temporary differences and
available prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. Should a change in facts or circumstances lead to a change in judgment
about the ultimate realizability of a deferred tax asset, we record or adjust the related valuation allowance in the annual period
that the change in facts and circumstances occurs, along with a corresponding increase or decrease in the provision for income
taxes.
A provision for US. income taxes has not been recorded on historical undistributed profits of certain of our non-US.
subsidiaries that we have determined to be indefinitely reinvested outside the US. If management intentions or US. tax law
changes in the future, there may be a significant negative impact on the provision for income taxes to record an incremental tax
liability in the period the change occurs.
Legal contingencies
We are subject to certain legal proceedings, as well as demands, claims and threatened litigation that arise in the
normal course of our business. We review the status of each significant matter quarterly and assess our potential ﬁnancial
exposure. If the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably
estimated, we record a liability and an expense for the estimated loss. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the
range of the loss can be reasonably estimated, then we disclose the range of the possible loss. Significant judgment is required
in the determination of whether a potential loss is probable, reasonably possible, or remote as well as in the determination of
whether a potential exposure is reasonably estimable. Our accruals are based on the best information available at the time. As
additional information becomes available, we reassess the liabilities and disclosures related to our pending claims and litigation
and may revise our estimates. Potential legal liabilities and the revision of estimates of legal liabilities could have a material
impact on our results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial position.
LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL RESOURCES AND WORKING CAPITAL
Sources ofliquidily
As of December 31, 2016, our principal sources of liquidity, other than cash ﬂows provided by operating activities,
were cash and cash equivalents and amounts available under our revolving credit facility discussed below under "Credit
Agreement and Other Debt."
Subsequent to December 31, 2016, we successfully completed a series of financing transactions, including a private
offering of $1.15 billion in aggregate principal amount of 7.000% senior secured notes due 2022 and amended our credit
agreement which extended the maturity of our term loans and revolving credit facility, and reduced the applicable interest rate
on the term loans. These actions reduced the total principal value of our debt by $45.0 million, including payment of the
remaining $45.0 million on our revolving credit facility, lowered annual cash interest cost, extended the maturity out to 2021
and 2022 for 95 percent of our debt, and significantly reduced our interest rate exposure to ﬂoating rates.
62