Unfavorable economic conditions have impacted, and could continue to impact, the ability of our Gaming customers
to make timely payments to us. In addition, unfavorable economic conditions have caused, and could continue to cause, some
of our Gaming customers to close gaming venues or ultimately declare bankruptcy, which would adversely affect our business.
In recent years, our Gaming business has expanded the use of extended payment term financing for gaming machine purchases,
and we expect to continue to provide a higher level of extended payment term ﬁnancing in this business until demand from our
customers for such financings abates. These financing arrangements may increase our collection risk, and if customers are not
able to pay us, whether as a result of financial difficulties, bankruptcy or otherwise, we may incur provisions for bad debt
related to our inability to collect certain receivables. In addition, both extended payment term financing and operating leases
result in a delay in our receipt of cash, which reduces our cash balance, liquidity and financial ﬂexibility to respond to changing
economic events. Unfavorable economic conditions may also result in volatility in the credit and equity markets. The difficulty
or inability of our customers to generate or obtain adequate levels of capital to finance their ongoing operations may reduce
their ability to purchase our products and services.
In our Lottery business, we believe that the difficult economic conditions have contributed to reductions in spending
on marketing by our customers and, in certain instances, less favorable terms under our contracts, as many of our customers
face significant budget shortfalls and seek to cut costs.
There are ongoing concerns regarding the debt burden of certain countries, particularly in Europe and South America,
and their ability to meet their future financial obligations, which have resulted in downgrades of the debt ratings for these
countries. We currently operate in, and our growth strategy may involve pursuing expansion or business opportunities in certain
of these jurisdictions, such as Argentina, Greece, Italy, Puerto Rico and the Ukraine. These sovereign debt concerns, whether
real or perceived, could result in a recession, prolonged economic slowdown, or otherwise negatively impact the general health
and stability of the economies in these countries or more broadly. In more severe cases, this could result in a limitation on the
availability or ﬂow of capital, thereby restricting our liquidity and negatively impacting our results of operations, cash ﬂows
and financial condition. In March 2015, we signed a contract to provide OPAP S.A. ("OPAP") with 5,000 VLTs pursuant to
OPAP's ten-year license to operate a network of 16,500 VLTs across Greece. While deployment was expected to begin in the
second quarter of 2015 and conclude by the end of 2015, political and economic issues in Greece delayed the launch of the
VLTs. In 2016, conditions stabilized and VLTs began to be deployed to OPAP in January 2017.
Our future results of operations may be negatively impacted by declines in the replacement cycle of gaming machines and
by the slow growth of new gaming jurisdictions or slow addition of casinos in existing jurisdictions.
Demand for our Gaming products and services is driven by the replacement of existing gaming machines in existing
casinos, the establishment of new jurisdictions, the opening of additional casinos in existing jurisdictions and the expansion of
existing casinos. The replacement cycle of gaming machines has grown longer in recent years, which could reduce the demand
for our products and negatively impact our results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition.
The opening of new casinos and expansion of existing casinos ﬂuctuate with demand, economic conditions, regulatory
approvals and the availability of financing. In addition, the expansion of gaming into new jurisdictions can be a protracted
process. In the US, governments usually require a public referendum and legislative action before establishing or expanding
gaming. Any of these factors could delay, restrict or prohibit the expansion of our business and negatively impact our results of
operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition.
Our future results of operations may be negatively impacted by ownership changes and consolidation in the gaming
industry, including by casino operators.
As repeat customers represent a substantial part of our revenue in our casino Gaming business, our business, results of
operations, cash ﬂow and financial condition could be negatively affected if our casino customers are sold to or merge with
other entities. Such entities may purchase more products and services of our competitors, reduce spending on our products or
cause downward pricing pressures. Consolidation among casino operators could result in order cancellations or a slowing in the
replacement cycle for existing gaming machines, or could require our current customers to purchase our competitors’ products,
any of which could negatively impact our Gaming business.
In October 2016, two of the largest betting shop operators in the UK, Ladbrokes and Gala Coral, merged to form
Ladbrokes Coral Plc. The UK. Competition and Markets Authority required that these operators divest a certain number of
1 9