SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(amounts in USD, table amounts in millions, except per share amounts)
the foreign currency financial statements are accumulated as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in
stockholders' deﬁcit. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in other (expense) income, net.
See Note 20.
Comprehensive loss
We include and separately classify in comprehensive loss unrealized gains and losses from our foreign currency
translation adjustments, certain gains or losses associated with pension or other post-retirement benefits, including prior service
costs or credits and transition assets or obligations, and the effective portion of derivative financial instruments designated as
hedging instruments.
Business combinations
We account for business combinations in accordance with ASC 805. This standard requires the acquiring entity in a
business combination to recognize all (and only) the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction and establishes
the acquisition-date fair value as the measurement objective for all assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business
combination. Certain provisions of this standard prescribe, among other things, the determination of acquisition-date fair value
of consideration paid in a business combination (including contingent consideration) and the exclusion of transaction and
acquisition related restructuring costs ﬁom acquisition accounting.
New accounting guidance - Adopted
In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic
205 -4 0). The guidance is intended to define management’s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an
organization’s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. This ASU provides guidance to
an organization’s management, with principles and definitions that are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of
disclosures that are commonly provided by organizations today in the financial statement footnotes. We adopted this guidance
prospectively at the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have an eﬁect on our
ﬁnancial condition, results of operations, cash ﬂows, or disclosures.
New accounting guidance - Not yet adopted
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU 2014-09 combined
with all subsequent amendments (collectively ASC 606) provides guidance outlining a single comprehensive revenue model in
accounting for revenue from contracts with customers. ASC 606 supersedes existing revenue recognition guidance, including
industry-specific guidance, and replaces it with a ﬁve-step revenue model with a core principle that "an entity recognizes
revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reﬂects the consideration to which
the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services." This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those ﬁscal years. We will adopt this guidance at the beginning of the first
quarter of 20 1 8, using a modified retrospective application approach.
Our current assessment of the anticipated impact of adopting this guidance on revenue recognition for our business
segments is as follows:
(1) Interactive - we do not anticipate a material impact on timing or amount of revenue.
(2) Gaming - we are currently assessing the adoption impact; however we do anticipate that WAP jackpot payments
will no longer be treated as an expense but rather will be treated as a reduction to revenue. For the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 we recognized WAP jackpot expense of $29.8 million, $38.1 million and $26.7
million, respectively.
(3) Lottery - we are currently assessing the adoption impact.
78