similarity to our business. Our analysis also includes comparison of our reporting units' total estimated fair values to the total
enterprise value and assessing the implied control premium, supporting the reasonableness of our concluded estimated fair
values determined under the combination of income and market approaches as of our testing date. Refer to Note 11 for key
estimates and assumptions used in the discounted cash ﬂow analysis for SG Gaming, U.S. Lottery Systems and International
Lottery Systems reporting units.
We conduct impairment tests of our indefinite-lived assets annually in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, or more
frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived
asset is less than its carrying value or when circumstances no longer continue to support an indefinite useful life. We estimate
the fair value of our indefinite-lived assets using the relief-from-royalty method, which uses several signiﬁcant assumptions,
including an assumed royalty rate, revenue projections that consider historical and estimated future results and general
economic and market conditions, as well as the impact of planned business and operational strategies. If the indicated fair value
of the indefinite-lived asset is in excess of its carrying value, the asset is not considered impaired. In the event that the fair
value of the indefinite-lived asset is less than its carrying value, the difference is recorded as an impairment charge.
Long-lived assets and ﬁnite lived intangible assets
We evaluate the recoverability of intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite useful lives by
comparing the carrying value of the asset group to the future undiscounted cash ﬂows that we expect the asset to generate. If an
impairment is indicated, the amount of the impairment is measured as the amount by which the carrying value of the asset
exceeds the fair market value. Fair value is determined using a discounted cash ﬂow approach where projections of future cash
ﬂows generated by those assets are discounted using an estimated discount rate. Significant judgment is required to estimate the
amount and timing of future cash ﬂows and the relative risk of achieving those cash ﬂows. We also make judgments about the
remaining useful lives of intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite lives. While we believe our estimates of
future operating results and projected cash ﬂows are reasonable, any significant adverse changes in key assumptions (i.e.,
adverse change in the extent or manner which an asset (asset group) is being used or expectation that, more likely than not, an
asset (asset group) will be sold or otherwise disposed of before the end of its useful life) or adverse changes in economic and
market conditions may cause a change in our evaluation of recoverability or our estimation of fair value and could result in an
impairment charge that could be material to our financial statements.
Allowance for doubtful accounts - Notes receivable
We reserve an estimated amount for notes receivables that may not be collected to reduce our receivables to their net
carrying value. Methodologies for estimating the allowance for doubtful accounts range from specific reserves to various
percentages applied to aged receivables. Estimations of doubtful accounts are focused on receivables which are greater than 90
days outstanding. We review a variety of relevant qualitative information such as collection experience, economic conditions
and customer-specific financial conditions to evaluate credit risk in recording the allowance for doubtful accounts or as an
indicator of an impaired loan. We also evaluate the macroeconomic and political environment of our customers to determine if
these factors are an indication that a contractual obligation may be at risk to be collected in full. We may be required to make
judgments related to the above factors if the information is not easily accessible. There may also be instances where we do not
have an established history with a customer which also limits our ability to evaluate customer specific factors. Unexpected
changes in the underlying financial condition of our customers or in the macroeconomic and political environment of a specific
geographic region could result in a material impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. As of
December 31, 2016, a 10% increase or decrease to the allowance determined within notes receivable would change the reserve
by approximately $1.5 million.
Income taxes
We are subject to the income tax laws of the many jurisdictions in which we operate. These tax laws are complex, and
the manner in which they apply to our facts is sometimes open to interpretation. In establishing the provision for income taxes,
we must make judgments about the application of these inherently complex tax laws.
Despite our belief that our tax return positions are consistent with applicable tax laws, we believe that taxing
authorities could challenge certain positions. Settlement of any challenge can result in no change, a complete disallowance, or
some partial adjustment reached through negotiations or litigation. We record tax benefits for uncertain tax positions based
6 l