deve10ping new systems, maintaining and upgrading current systems and preventing security breaches. Among other things,
our systems are susceptible to outages due to ﬁre, ﬂoods, power loss, break-ins, cyber—attacks, network penetration, denial of
service attacks and similar events. While we have and will continue to implement network security measures and data
protection safeguards, our servers and other computer systems are vulnerable to viruses, malicious software, hacking, break-ins
or theft, data privacy or security breaches, third-party security breaches, employee error or malfeasance and similar events.
Failures in our systems or services or unauthorized access to or tampering with our systems and databases could have a
material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition. Any failures in our
computer systems or telecommunications services could affect our ability to operate our linked games or otherwise conduct
business.
Portions of our information technology infrastructure also may experience interruptions, delays or cessations of
service or produce errors in connection with systems integration or migration work that takes place from time to time. We may
not be successful in implementing new systems and transitioning data, which could cause business disruptions and be more
expensive, time consuming, disruptive and resource-intensive. Such disruptions could materially and adversely impact our
ability to deliver products to customers and interrupt other processes. If our information systems do not allow us to transmit
accurate information, even for a short period of time, to key decision makers, the ability to manage our business could be
disrupted and our results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. Failure to
properly or adequately address these issues could impact our ability to perform necessary business operations, which could
materially and adversely affect our reputation, competitive position, results of operations, cash ﬂows and ﬁnancial condition.
If we are unable to successfully implement our new global enterprise resource planning system, it could disrupt our
business or have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
We are engaged in a multi-year implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning system (“ERP”). The
ERP system is designed to accurately maintain the Company’s books and records and provide information on our operations to
the Company’s management. The Company’s ERP system implementation will continue to require significant investment of
human and financial resources. There are inherent risks associated with upgrading or changing systems, including inaccurate
data or reporting. The process of upgrading and standardizing our ERP system is complex, time-consuming and expensive.
Although we believe we are taking appropriate action to mitigate these risks through, among other things, testing, training and
staging implementations, we cannot assure that we will not experience data loss, disruptions, delays or negative business
impacts from the upgrades. Any operational disruptions during the course of this process and any delays or deficiencies in the
design and implementation of the new ERP system or in the performance of our legacy systems could materially and adversely
affect our ability to operate our businesses. Additionally, while we have spent considerable eﬁorts to plan and budget for the
implementation of the new ERP system, changes in scope, timeline or cost could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition.
If we are not able to maintain adequate internal control over our financial reporting, it could adversely affect our reputation
and business.
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. If
we cannot maintain and execute adequate internal control over ﬁnancial reporting or when necessary implement new or
improved controls that provide reasonable assurance of the reliability of the financial reporting and preparation of our ﬁnancial
statements for external use, we may suffer harm to our reputation, fail to meet our public reporting requirements on a timely
basis or be unable to properly report on our business and our results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition.
Additionally, the inherent limitations of internal controls over ﬁnancial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements or
fraud, regardless of the adequacy of those controls. We have previously reported material weaknesses; for instance in our 2015
Form 10-K, we concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to a material weakness in our
goodwill impairment testing. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form lO-K, we have completed measures which
successfully remediated this material weakness. However, we are currently undertaking an ERP implementation in our largest
business segment which will materially change our controls. We therefore cannot assure that additional material weaknesses
will not be identified in the future. Please refer to Item 9A “Controls and Procedures.”
28