would be if the deliverables were sold regularly on a stand-alone basis. The ESP for software elements is based on the criteria
explained in the preceding paragraph. We are required to use judgment and consider multiple factors that may vary over time
depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each deliverable. If we were to change any of these judgments or
estimates, it could cause a material increase or decrease in the amount of revenue that we report in a particular period. Amounts
for fees collected or invoiced and due relating to arrangements where revenue cannot be recognized are reﬂected on our
balance sheet as deferred revenue and recognized when the applicable revenue recognition criteria are satisﬁed.
Goodwill and other indeﬁnite lived intangibles
We allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to beneﬁt from the business combination.
We evaluate our reporting units on at least an annual basis and, if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value
allocation approach. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an
operating segment) on an annual basis (October 1 for us) and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change
that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. These events or circumstances
could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale
or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit.
Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units,
assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair
value of each reporting unit. The estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on
operating results, market conditions, and other factors. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the
determination of fair value and goodwill impairment, if any, for each reporting unit. This is especially true for reporting units
where goodwill has been partially impaired as a result of recent impairment assessments, and accordingly, is at risk of
additional partial or total impairment should we experience relatively minor adverse changes in our significant assumptions.
Recent goodwill impairments (see Note 11) are as follows:
Goodwill (at
Reporting Unit Year Impairment charge Tax beneﬁt December 31, 2016)
1 so Gaming 2015 $935.0 None $1,074.7 1
US. Lottery Systems 2015 $67.6 $24.9 $—
Enternational Lottery l
systems 2016 $69.0 $14.5 $21.0
Other than the reporting units with recent partial impairments noted in the table above, we have no other reporting
units where we currently believe significant risk of impairment exists.
Goodwill is reviewed for impairment using either a qualitative assessment or a two-step process. If we choose to
perform a qualitative assessment and determine that the fair value of a reporting unit more likely than not exceeds the carrying
value, no further evaluation is necessary. For reporting units where we perform the two-step process, the ﬁrst step requires us to
compare the fair value of each reporting unit, which we primarily determine using an income approach based on the present
value of discounted cash ﬂows, as well as a market approach to the respective carrying value, which includes goodwill. If the
fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, the goodwill is not considered impaired. If the carrying value is
higher than the fair value, there is an indication that an impairment may exist and the second step is required. In step two, the
implied fair value of goodwill is calculated as the excess of the fair value of a reporting unit over the fair values assigned to its
assets and liabilities. If the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit's goodwill, the
difference is recognized as an impairment loss.
Discounted cash ﬂow analysis requires significant judgments, including estimation of future cash ﬂows, which is
dependent on internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, the relative risk of achieving those
cash ﬂows, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital. When using the market approach, we make judgments
about the comparability of publicly traded companies engaged in similar businesses or public transactions information for
similar businesses. We base our judgments on factors such as size, growth rates, profitability, risk, and return on investment. We
also make judgments when adjusting market multiples of revenue, and earnings for these companies to reﬂect their relative
60