revenue per WAP, premium and daily-fee Participation units decreased 19% due primarily to the impact of the inclusion of the
Bally leased units, which have a lower leased rate and reﬂect a full year of results as compared to 40 days in 2014. Our average
installed base of other Participation and leased units rose 15,898 units to 45,791 units, reﬂecting the addition of 17,991 other
Participation and leased units within the Bally footprint, partially offset by a decline mostly in the UK. gaming installed base.
The ending installed base as of December 31, 2015 increased by 2,082 units from December 31, 2014, due primarily to
previously excluded installed units in 2014 for one customer that are now included in the installed base total given that the
customer has resumed consistent payments. Average daily revenue for our other leased and Participation units increased 22%
compared to the prior-year period, primarily due to the addition of the Bally units which have a higher average daily rate.
The $453.5 million increase in product sales revenue reﬂected $553.7 million of incremental Bally revenue partially
offset by a reduction in legacy Gaming revenues of $100.2 million. Bally product sales revenue was $88.3 million for the 40-
day post-acquisition period in 2014. The decrease in legacy Gaming revenue was due primarily to abated demand for our dual
screen video cabinets, which we believe resulted from our customers' knowledge of our intention to launch new dual screen
video cabinets in the second half of 2015. The 69% increase in new unit sales reﬂected 18,234 of new unit sales of Bally units
(reﬂecting a full year of results as compared to 40 days in 2014) partially offset by a decrease of 6,464 in legacy Gaming new
unit sales. Bally had 3,101 new unit sales for the 40-day post-acquisition period in 2014.
Operating loss
The operating loss of $901.5 million increased by $733.2 million in 2015, primarily reﬂecting a goodwill impairment
charge of $935.0 million, and trade name asset impairment charges of $ 128.6 million. This was partially offset by the impact
from the inclusion of Bally results for a full year in 2015 (as compared to 40 days in 2014) and benefits from cost synergies
realized from our integration initiatives, which reduced our operating expenses. For additional information regarding these
charges, see Note 11.
LOTTERY
The Lottery segment is primarily comprised of our systems-based services and product sales business and our instant
games business. Our systems-based services and product sales business provides customized computer software, software
support, equipment and data communication services, sports wagering systems and keno to lotteries. In the US, we typically
provide the necessary point-of-sale terminals and equipment, software and maintenance services on a Participation basis under
long-term contracts that typically have an initial term of at least five years. Internationally, we typically sell point-of-sale
terminals and/or computer software to lottery authorities and may provide ongoing fee-based systems maintenance and
software support services.
Our instant games business generates revenue from the manufacture and sale of instant games, as well as the provision
of value-added services such as game design, sales and marketing support, specialty games and promotions, inventory
management, warehousing, fulfillment services, as well as full instant game category management. In addition, we provide
licensed games, promotional entertainment and internet-based marketing services to the lottery industry. These revenues are
presented as instant games revenue.
Our equity investments in LNS, Northstar Illinois, Northstar New Jersey, CSG, Hellenic Lotteries and GLB are
included in the Lottery segment.
The following table summarizes the primary business activities included in the Lottery business segment.
52