basis or on satisfactory terms or at all, or that these actions would enable us to continue to satisfy our capital requirements.
Moreover, our existing debt agreements contain, and our future debt agreements may contain, restrictive covenants that may
prohibit us from adopting these alternatives. Our failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default
which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our debt.
Agreements governing our indebtedness impose certain restrictions that may affect our ability to operate our business.
Failure to comply with any of these restrictions could result in the acceleration of the maturity of our indebtedness and
require us to make payments on our indebtedness. Were this to occur, we would not have sufficient cash to pay our
accelerated indebtedness.
Agreements governing our indebtedness, including our credit agreement and the indentures governing our Senior
Notes and Subordinated Notes, impose, and future financing agreements are likely to impose, operating and financial
restrictions on our activities that may adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in
new business activities. In some cases, these restrictions require us to comply with or maintain certain financial tests and ratios.
Subject to certain exceptions, our credit facilities and/or indentures restrict our ability to, among other things:
- declare dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock;
- prepay, redeem or purchase other debt;
- incur liens;
- make loans, guarantees, acquisitions and investments;
- incur additional indebtedness;
- engage in sale and leaseback transactions;
- amend or otherwise alter debt and other material agreements;
- engage in mergers, acquisitions or asset sales;
- engage in transactions with affiliates;
- enter into arrangements that would prohibit us from granting liens or restrict our ability to pay dividends, make loans
or transfer assets among our subsidiaries; and
- alter the business we conduct.
In addition, our credit agreement contains a covenant that is tested at the end of each fiscal quarter and requires us to
not exceed a maximum consolidated net first lien leverage ratio of 5.5x Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the credit
agreement) for the quarter ended December 31, 2016, with this ratio stepping up to 6.0x for the quarter ended March 31, 2017,
then stepping down to 5.5x for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 and 5.0x for the quarter ended June 30, 2019. As a result of
these covenants, we will be limited in the manner in which we can conduct our business, and may be unable to engage in
favorable business activities or ﬁnance future operations or capital needs.
Various risks, uncertainties and events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with these covenants.
Failure to comply with any of the covenants in our existing or future financing agreements could result in a default under those
agreements and under other agreements containing cross-default provisions. Such a default would permit lenders to accelerate
the maturity of the debt under these agreements and other agreements containing cross-default provisions and to foreclose upon
any collateral securing the debt. Under these circumstances, we might not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds or other
resources to satisfy all of our obligations. In addition, the limitations imposed by financing agreements on our ability to incur
additional debt and to take other actions might signiﬁcantly impair our ability to obtain other financing.
We cannot assure that we will be granted waivers or amendments to these agreements if for any reason we are unable
to comply with these obligations or that we will be able to refinance our debt on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
36