Lottery Systems
We are a leading provider of lottery systems including customized computer software, software support, equipment,
and data communication services, to lotteries in the US. and internationally. In the U.S., our arrangements ordinarily include
the following: (1) provision of the necessary equipment (including point-of-sale terminals) and (2) software and maintenance
services pursuant to long-term contracts that typically have an initial term of at least five years under which we are generally
paid a fee equal to a percentage of the lottery's total retail sales. Our US. contracts commonly include multiple renewal options
that generally have been exercised by our customers in the past. Internationally, we primarily sell: (1) point-of-sale terminals
and/or computer software and hardware to lottery authorities; and (2) provide ongoing fee-based systems and software support
services.
Our lottery systems use proprietary technology that facilitates high-speed processing of draw lottery game wagers as
well as validation of winning draw and instant lottery games. This business includes the supply of proprietary transaction-
processing software, draw lottery games, keno, point-of-sale terminals, central site computers and communication platforms as
well as ongoing operational support and maintenance services. We have contracts to operate lottery systems for 10 of the 46
US. jurisdictions that operate draw lotteries. Internationally, we have lottery systems operating in 14 countries including
Canada and China.
The fees we earn under our lottery systems contracts are generally included in our services revenue. Revenue from the
sale of our point-of-sale terminals and/or computer software is included in our product sales revenue, while the fees we
generate from ongoing systems and software support are generally included in our services revenue.
We have equity investments in LNS, Northstar Illinois, Northstar New Jersey, Hellenic Lotteries, CSG and GLB,
which entities operate or assist in the operation of lotteries. We are also the primary provider of instant lottery games to LNS
and Northstar New Jersey and the exclusive provider of instant lottery games to Northstar Illinois and Hellenic Lotteries.
Additional information regarding these equity investments is included in Note 13.
Revenues from our Lottery products and services to external customers accounted for 27%, 28% and 47% of our total
revenues in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Current year update
We were the exclusive instant game validation network provider to the CSL under an agreement that expired in
January 2016 and was subsequently not renewed or extended. We have also seen a decline in the instant game printing revenue
of CSG, our printing joint venture in China, which continues to service the CSL. We believe a decrease in retail sales is due in
part to competition from other wagering products. We continue to actively seek multiple opportunities to continue to provide
value-added services to the CSL, as well as developing additional business initiatives to replace our revenue and profits
previously generated by the CSL validation agreement. Until we are able to achieve these other opportunities and initiatives, or
to the extent we are not able to do so, our operating results relating to our China lottery business will continue to be adversely
affected.
In April, we signed a lottery instant games CSP agreement with the North Carolina lottery, which is anticipated to
begin in March 2017 and has a term of eight years. The contract may be extended by the lottery for up to two additional years.
During the first quarter of 2016, we also launched innovative, multi-channel cross-over games, such as our Jackpot
Party instant game, for several customers. These new launches capitalize on our extensive proprietary games library and our
expertise in mobile applications and second-chance promotional games and activities.
During the second quarter of 2016, we were awarded a new agreement by the Georgia Lottery that provided for a
seven-year extension of the current instant games contract.
During the third quarter of 2016, we were awarded a new three-year contract by the South Dakota Lottery as primary
instant game provider and a one-year contract extension by the Massachusetts Lottery to continue as the primary instant game
provider.
We believe we will continue to face intense price-based competition in our Lottery business in 2017. In the near term,
we also expect to see an increase in the number of jurisdictions that seek to privatize or outsource lottery operations and to face
strong competition from both traditional and new competitors with respect to these opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that
54