enter into strategic relationships with third parties, including competitors, and may be required to commit significant sums of
money in order to pursue these opportunities.
We continue to operate in a period of intense price-based competition, which has affected and could continue to affect
the number and the profitability of the lottery contracts we win. We believe our principal competitors in the instant lottery game
business have increased, and are expected to continue to increase, their production capacity, resulting in pricing pressures in the
instant lottery game business. This may adversely affect our ability to win or renew instant lottery game contracts or may
reduce the profitability of instant lottery game contracts that we do win. We also compete in the international instant lottery
game business with low-price printers whose quality we believe is lower than ours in regulated environments where laws are
being reinterpreted to create competition from non-traditional lottery vendors and products. Our US. instant lottery game
business could be adversely affected if additional foreign competitors operating in Canada export their lottery products to the
US. or if other foreign competitors establish printing facilities in the US. or Canada to supply the US.
We face increased price competition in our lottery systems business from our three principal competitors in that
business. Since the beginning of 2013, we have lost lottery systems contracts in Colorado and Indiana to our competitors
following the expiration or termination of our contracts.
Any future success of our Lottery business will also depend, in part, on the success of the lottery industry in attracting
and retaining players in the face of increased competition for these players’ entertainment dollars, as well as our own success in
developing innovative products and systems to achieve this goal. Our failure to achieve this goal could reduce our revenue
from our Lottery operations. Additionally, pressure on state and other government budgets could lead to other forms of gaming
being legalized, which could adversely impact our Lottery business.
Interactive
Our Interactive social gaming and RMG businesses are also subject to significant competition. Our RMG business
focuses on the supply of game content to online casino operators, and there are a number of competitors in that industry,
including from illegal or unregulated operators. Additionally, we provide Interactive social gaming products and services, as do
several of our competitors and our customers. This also causes us to compete with social gaming companies that have no
connection to regulated RMG, and many of those companies have a base of existing users that is larger than ours. In order to
stay competitive in both our Interactive social gaming and RMG businesses, we will need to continue to create and market
game content that attracts players and invest in new and emerging technologies. Some of our competitors may be more willing
to provide internet wagering in countries where the relevant laws and regulations are unclear or not uniformly enforced, putting
us at a competitive disadvantage if we do not provide services related to internet wagering in such countries.
We have offered customers discounts, free trials and free spins in connection with the Interactive social gaming and
RMG businesses. We cannot assure that competitive pressure will not cause us to increase the incentives that we offer to our
customers, which could adversely impact our results of operations, cash ﬂows and ﬁnancial condition.
Unfavorable US. and international economic conditions may adversely aﬂect our business, results of operations, cash flows
or ﬁnancial condition.
Unfavorable economic conditions, including recession, economic slowdown, decreased liquidity in the financial
markets, decreased availability of credit and relatively high rates of unemployment, have had, and may continue to have, a
negative effect on our business. We cannot fully predict the effects that unfavorable economic conditions and economic
uncertainty will have on us as they also impact our customers, suppliers and business partners.
In our Gaming business, especially our Participation gaming business, our revenue is driven in large part by players’
disposable incomes and level of gaming activity. Unfavorable economic conditions have reduced the disposable incomes of
casino patrons and resulted in fewer patrons visiting casinos, whether land-based or online, and lower amounts spent per casino
visit. A further or extended decline in disposable income could result in reduced play levels on our Participation gaming
machines, causing our results of operations and cash ﬂows from these products to decline. Additionally, higher airfares and
other costs may adversely affect the number of players visiting our customers” casinos. A decline in play levels may also
negatively impact the results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition of our casino customers and their ability to
purchase or lease our products and services.
1 8