Cash and unused revolver capacity
7 As of December 31, 7
(inimillions); 7 2016 2015 7
l Cash and cash equivalents 115.1 7 128.7
Revolver capacity 592.6 5 92.6
i Revolver capacity drawn or committed to letters of credit 7 (76. (138.3)!
Total $ 631.6 f s 583.0 7
The amount of our available cash and cash equivalents ﬂuctuates principally based on borrowings or repayments
under our credit facilities, investments, acquisitions and changes in our working capital position. The borrowing capacity under
our revolving credit facility will depend on the amount of outstanding borrowings and letters of credit issued and on us
remaining in compliance with the covenants under our credit agreement, including a maintenance covenant based on
consolidated net first lien leverage. We were in compliance with the covenants under our credit agreement as of December 31,
2016. The 2017 financing transactions, among other things, reduced the commitments on the revolving credit facility to $556.2
million through October 18, 2018 with a step-down to $381.7 million until the maturity in 2020.
We believe that our cash ﬂow from operations, available cash and cash equivalents and available borrowing capacity
under our existing or anticipated financing arrangements will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable
future; however, we cannot assure that this will be the case. We believe that substantially all cash held outside the US. is free
from legal encumbrances or similar restrictions that would prevent it from being available to meet our global liquidity needs.
Total cash held by our foreign subsidiaries was $75.0 million as of December 31, 2016. To the extent that a portion of
our foreign cash was required to meet liquidity needs in the US. we might incur a tax liability to repatriate it, the timing and
amount of which would depend on a variety of factors.
Our Gaming Participation and Lottery Systems businesses generally require significant upfront capital expenditures.
In connection with a renewal or bid of a Gaming machine or Lottery systems contract, a customer may seek to obtain new
equipment or impose new service requirements, which may require additional capital expenditures in order to retain or win the
contract. Our ability to generate revenue and to continue to procure new contracts will depend on, among other things, our then
present liquidity levels or our ability to obtain additional financing on commercially reasonable terms. If we do not have
adequate liquidity or are unable to obtain financing for these upfront cash payments on favorable terms or at all, we may not be
able to bid on certain contracts, which could restrict our ability to grow and have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and other
obligations depends on our ability to generate cash in the future. We may also, from time to time, repurchase, or otherwise
retire or refinance our debt, through our subsidiaries or otherwise. Such activities, if any, will depend on prevailing market
conditions, contractual restrictions and other factors, and the amounts involved may or may not be material. If we need to
refinance all or part of our indebtedness at or before maturity, we cannot assure that we will be able to obtain new financing or
to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all. During the second quarter of 2016, we
repurchased and cancelled a portion of our 2020 Notes and 2021 Notes (see Note 16 for more information). In the event we
pursue signiﬁcant acquisitions or other expansion opportunities, conduct significant repurchases of our outstanding securities,
or reﬁnance or repay existing debt, we may need to raise additional capital either through the public or private issuance of
equity or debt securities or through additional borrowings under our existing financing arrangements, which sources of funds
may not necessarily be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all.
In addition, lottery customers in the US. generally require service providers to provide performance bonds in
connection with the relevant contract. As of December 31, 2016, our outstanding performance bonds totaled
$231.0 million. Our ability to obtain performance bonds on commercially reasonable terms is subject to our financial condition
and to prevailing market conditions, which may be impacted by economic and political events. Although we have not
experienced difficulty in obtaining such bonds to date, we cannot assure that we will continue to be able to obtain performance
bonds on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
63