SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(amounts in USD, table amounts in millions, except per share amounts)
Substantially all of our legal contingencies are subject to signiﬁcant uncertainties and, therefore, determining the
likelihood of a loss and/or the measurement of any loss involves a series of complex judgments about future events.
Consequently, the ultimate outcomes of our legal contingencies could result in losses in excess of amounts we have accrued. We
may be unable to estimate a range of possible losses for some matters pending against the Company or its subsidiaries, even
when the amount of damages claimed against the Company or its subsidiaries is stated because, among other things: (1) the
claimed amount may be exaggerated or unsupported; (2) the claim may be based on a novel legal theory or involve a large
number of parties; (3) there may be uncertainty as to the likelihood of a class being certiﬁed or the ultimate size of the class;
(4) there may be uncertainty as to the outcome of pending appeals or motions; (5) the matter may not have progressed
sufficiently through discovery or there may be significant factual or legal issues to be resolved or developed; and/or (6) there
may be uncertainty as to the enforceability of legal judgments and outcomes in certain jurisdictions. Other matters have
progressed sufficiently that we are able to estimate a range of possible loss. For those legal contingencies disclosed below, as
well as those related to the previously disclosed settlement agreement entered into in February 2015 with SNAI S.p.a., as to
which a loss is reasonably possible, whether in excess of a related accrued liability or where there is no accrued liability, and for
which we are able to estimate a range of possible loss, the current estimated range is up to approximately $12.5 million in
excess of the accrued liabilities (if any) related to those legal contingencies. This aggregate range represents management’s
estimate of additional possible loss in excess of the accrued liabilities (if any) with respect to these matters based on currently
available information, including any damages claimed by the plaintiffs, and is subject to significant judgment and a variety of
assumptions and inherent uncertainties. For example, at the time of making an estimate, management may have only
preliminary, incomplete, or inaccurate information about the facts underlying a claim; its assumptions about the future rulings
of the court or other tribunal on significant issues, or the behavior and incentives of adverse parties, regulators, indemnitors or
co-defendants, may prove to be wrong; and the outcomes it is attempting to predict are often not amenable to the use of
statistical or other quantitative analytical tools. In addition, from time to time an outcome may occur that management had not
accounted for in its estimate because it had considered that outcome to be remote. Furthermore, as noted above, the aggregate
range does not include any matters for which the Company is not able to estimate a range of possible loss. Accordingly, the
estimated aggregate range of possible loss does not represent our maximum loss exposure. Any such losses could have a
material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash ﬂows or financial condition. The legal proceedings underlying the
estimated range will change from time to time, and actual results may vary significantly from the current estimate.
Colombia litigation
Our subsidiary, SGI, owned a minority interest in Wintech de Colombia S.A., or Wintech (now liquidated), which
formerly operated the Colombian national lottery under a contract with Empresa Colombiana de Recursos para la Salud, S.A.
(together with its successors, "Ecosalud"), an agency of the Colombian government. The contract provided for a penalty against
Wintech, SGI and the other shareholders of Wintech of up to $5.0 million if certain levels of lottery sales were not achieved. In
addition, SGI delivered to Ecosalud a $4.0 million surety bond as a further guarantee of performance under the contract.
Wintech started the instant lottery in Colombia but, due to difficulties beyond its control, including, among other factors, social
and political unrest in Colombia, frequently interrupted telephone service and power outages, and competition from another
lottery being operated in a province of Colombia that we believe was in violation of Wintech’s exclusive license from Ecosalud,
the projected sales level was not met for the year ended June 30, 1993.
In 1993, Ecosalud issued a resolution declaring that the contract was in default. In 1994, Ecosalud issued a liquidation
resolution asserting claims for compensation and damages against Wintech, SGI and other shareholders of Wintech for, among
other things, realization of the full amount of the penalty, plus interest, and the amount of the bond. SGI filed separate actions
opposing each resolution with the Tribunal Contencioso of Cundinamarca in Colombia (the "Tribunal"), which upheld both
resolutions. SGI appealed each decision to the Council of State. In May 2012, the Council of State upheld the contract default
resolution, which decision was notiﬁed to us in August 2012. In October 2013, the Council of State upheld the liquidation
resolution, which decision was notiﬁed to us in December 2013.
1 17