SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(amounts in USD, table amounts in millions, except per share amounts)
In July 1996, Ecosalud filed a lawsuit against SGI in the US. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia
asserting many of the same claims asserted in the Colombia proceedings, including breach of contract, and seeking damages. In
March 1997, the District Court dismissed Ecosalud’s claims. Ecosalud appealed the decision to the US. Court of Appeals for
the Eleventh Circuit. The Court of Appeals affirmed the District Court’s decision in 1998.
In June 1999, Ecosalud filed a collection proceeding against SGI to enforce the liquidation resolution and recover the
claimed damages. In May 2013, the Tribunal denied SGI’s merit defenses to the collection proceeding and issued an order of
payment of approximately 90 billion Colombian pesos, or approximately $29.9 million, plus default interest (potentially
accrued since 1994 at a 12% statutory interest rate). SGI has filed an appeal to the Council of State, which appeal has stayed the
payment order.
SGI believes it has various defenses, including on the merits, against Ecosalud’s claims. Although we believe these
claims will not result in a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, cash ﬂows or financial position, it is
not feasible to predict the final outcome, and we cannot assure that these claims will not ultimately be resolved adversely to us
or result in material liability.
SNAI litigation
On April 16, 2012, certain VLTs operated by SNAI S.p.a. ("SNAI") in Italy and supplied by Barcrest erroneously
printed what appeared to be winning jackpot and other tickets with a face amount in excess of €400.0 million. SNAI has stated,
and system data conﬁrms, that no jackpots were actually won on that day. The terminals were deactivated by the Italian
regulatory authority. Following the incident, we understand that the Italian regulatory authority revoked the certification of the
version of the gaming system that Barcrest provided to SNAI and fined SNAI €1 .5 million, but determined to not revoke
SNAI’s concession to operate VLTs in Italy.
In October 2012, SNAI filed a lawsuit in the Court of First Instance of Rome in Italy against Barcrest and Global
Draw, our subsidiary which acquired Barcrest from IGT-UK Group Limited, a subsidiary of IGT, claiming liability based on
breach of contract and tort. The lawsuit sought to terminate SNAI’s agreement with Barcrest and damages arising from the
deactivation of the terminals, including among other things, lost profits, expenses and costs, potential awards to players who
have sought to enforce what appeared to be winning jackpot and other tickets, compensation for lost proﬁts sought by managers
of the gaming locations where SNAI VLTs supplied by Barcrest were installed, damages to commercial reputation and any
future damages arising from SNAI’s potential loss of its concession or inability to obtain a new concession.
In September 2013, Global Draw brought an action against IGT-UK Group Limited and IGT in the High Court of
Justice (Commercial Court) in London, England seeking indemnification for liability arising out of the April 2012 incident
under the agreement pursuant to which Barcrest was acquired from IGT-UK Group and addressing other ancillary matters. The
action against IGT was resolved in May 2015, pursuant to a settlement agreement in which neither party admitted liability. The
settlement did not have a material impact on our results of operations.
In February 2015 , we entered into a settlement agreement with SNAI that provides, among other things, for us to make
a €250 million upfront payment to SNAI, which payment was made in February 2015, and to indemnify SNAI against certain
potential future losses. In connection with the settlement, the parties” pending claims in the Court of First Instance of Rome
were dismissed on February 19, 2015.
In May 2015 , certain underwriters at Lloyd’s of London ﬁled a complaint against the Company, Barcrest and Global
Draw in the Supreme Court of the State of New York seeking a declaratory judgment that such underwriters do not owe
insurance coverage for the matters that are the subject ofthe settlement agreement with SNAI. In May 2015 , the Company filed
its counterclaims and also filed a third-party complaint against three excess insurers. In June 2015 , the plaintiffs filed a motion
to dismiss the counterclaims. The excess insurers filed a similar motion to dismiss in July 2015. In June 2016, we entered into a
settlement agreement with the underwriters and excess insurers, pursuant to which the Supreme Court of the State of New York
dismissed the lawsuit with prejudice in July 2016.
1 18