Production Processes, Sources and Availability of Components
We currently produce substantially all of our gaming machines at our facilities in Las Vegas, Nevada and Sydney,
Australia. We also have finishing lines in our Barcelona, Spain facility, as well as in Midrand, South Africa, Buenos Aires,
Argentina and Manchester, England. These finishing lines allow for the completion and testing of our gaming machine
assemblies from our facilities in Las Vegas. We also refurbish used gaming machines primarily at our Las Vegas facilities.
Manufacturing commitments are generally based on expected quarterly sales orders from customers. Due to uneven
order ﬂow from customers, component parts common to all gaming machines are purchased and assembled into partial
products that are scheduled for just in time delivery to allow final assembly lead time to meet agreed customer delivery dates.
Our gaming machine manufacturing processes generally consist of assembling component parts and sub-assemblies into a
complete gaming machine.
Shufﬂers are assembled in one of our Las Vegas facilities and by a third party near Salzburg, Austria.
Hardware and component parts associated with our casino-management systems are purchased directly from the
Contract Manufacturers and ﬂow through our Las Vegas facilities with some assembly and testing. These parts do not require a
significant amount of assembly and are used primarily in systems implementations, which take place at customer locations.
Our dedicated computer-controlled printing process is specifically designed to produce secure instant lottery games.
We also have the capability to track instant games from the point of production through delivery to retailers. Instant lottery
games are delivered finished and ready for distribution by the lottery authority (or by us under certain contracts). An instant
lottery game that has been removed at any point in the distribution chain in an unauthorized manner can be ﬂagged and
invalidated in the event that it is used to claim winnings.
Production of our lottery terminals (and related component products) primarily involves the assembly of electronic
and mechanical components into more complex systems and products. Third-party vendors generally manufacture and
assemble our lottery terminals. We normally have sufficient lead time between reaching an agreement and the commencement
of operations so that we are able to provide our Lottery customers with a fully functioning system that is customized to meet
their requirements. We believe that this is consistent with our competitors' lead times and is also consistent with the needs of
our customers. We place advance orders for those components that have long lead times in anticipation of ﬁrm purchase orders
from our customers, provided that the investment in inventory and the risk of the customer order not materializing are deemed
acceptable.
We believe we have an adequate supply of component parts and raw materials used in manufacturing our gaming
machines and lottery terminals.
Seasonality
Our results of operations can ﬂuctuate due to seasonal trends and other factors. Sales of our gaming machines to
casinos are generally strongest in the spring and slowest in the summer, while revenue from our Participation gaming machines
is generally highest in the spring and summer. Player activity in our Interactive business is generally slower in the second and
third quarters of the year, particularly during the summer months. See the risk factor captioned "Our results of operations
ﬂuctuate due to seasonality and other factors, and, therefore, our periodic operating results are not guarantees of future
performance" under the heading "Risk Factors" in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Employees
As of December 31, 2016, we employed approximately 8,400 persons worldwide, with approximately 4,600 employed
domestically and 3,800 employed internationally.
Government Regulation
General
12