percent corporate income tax rate, limitations on the deductibility of interest expense, and changes to taxation of currently
accumulated and/or future foreign earnings, could materially affect the US. tax treatment of both our domestic and foreign
earnings. At this time, it is not possible to measure the potential impact on the value of our deferred tax assets, business,
prospects or results of operations that might result upon enactment of any changes to these tax laws.
In addition, the taxing authorities in the US. and other jurisdictions where we do business regularly examine our income
and other tax returns. The ultimate outcome of these examinations cannot be predicted with certainty. Should the IRS or other
taxing authorities assess additional taxes as a result of examinations, we may be required to record charges to our operations,
which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We depend on our key employees.
We depend on the continued performance of our executive officers and key personnel, including Kevin Sheehan, our
president and chief executive officer. If we lose the services of any of our executive officers or key personnel and cannot find
suitable replacements for such persons in a timely manner, it could have an adverse impact on our business. Our ability to
expand is dependent on our ability to recruit and retain talented employees in the US. and internationally who are capable of
leading our employees to achieve our strategic objectives.
We also rely on our highly skilled, technically trained and creative employees to develop new technologies and create
innovative products. A lack of skilled technical workers could delay or negatively impact our business plans, ability to compete,
results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition.
We could incur costs in the event of violations oﬁ or liabilities under; environmental laws, which may adversely affect our
business and our results of operations, cash flows and ﬁnancial condition.
Our operations and real property are subject to US. and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including those
relating to air emissions, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated
sites. We could incur costs, including cleanup costs, fines or penalties, and third-party claims as a result of violations of, or
liabilities under, environmental laws. Some of our operations require environmental permits and controls to prevent or reduce
environmental pollution, and these permits are subject to review, renewal and modification by issuing authorities.
Litigation may adversely affect our business and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
We may become subject to litigation claims in the operation of our business, including, but not limited to, with respect
to employee matters, alleged product and system malfunctions, alleged intellectual property infringement and claims relating to
our contracts, licenses and strategic investments. We may incur significant expense defending or settling any such litigation.
Additionally, adverse judgments that may be decided against us could result in significant monetary damages or injunctive
relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and our results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial
condition.
Litigation is pending in Colombia arising out of the termination of certain Colombian lottery contracts in 1993. An
agency of the Colombian government has asserted claims against certain parties, including the Company, which owned a
minority interest in Wintech de Colombia S.A., or Wintech (now liquidated), the former operator of the Colombian national
lottery. The claims are for, among other things, contract penalties, interest and the amount of a bond issued by a Colombian
surety. For additional information regarding this or other litigation, see "Legal Proceedings" in Item 3 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. We cannot assure that this litigation will not be finally resolved adversely to us or result in material liability.
Failure to perform under our contracts may result in substantial monetary liquidated damages and contract termination.
Our contracts, including our Lottery contracts and our Gaming contracts relating to the provision of VLTs, typically
permit a counterparty to terminate the contract at any time for a material failure to perform, other specified reasons and, in
many cases, for no reason at all. Upon such a termination or failure to perform, we may be required to refund fees paid to us for
services performed or allow our customers to return our products to us for a full refund. Lottery contracts to which we are a
party also frequently contain exacting implementation schedules and performance requirements, and the failure to meet these
schedules and requirements may result in substantial monetary liquidated damages, as well as possible contract termination. We
are also required by certain of our Lottery customers to provide surety or performance bonds. In the past, we have paid or
incurred liquidated damages and have been required to allow the return of VLTs for a full refund under our contracts, and
33