RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING GUIDANCE
For a description of recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 1.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
Information regarding signiﬁcant accounting policies is included in Note 1 and in the relevant sections of applicable
Notes. As stated in Note 1, the preparation of financial statements in accordance with US. GAAP requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various
assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may
differ from these estimates. We believe that the estimates, assumptions, and judgments involved in the following accounting
policies have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements:
- Revenue recognition for multiple-element arrangements;
° Goodwill and other indefinite lived intangibles, long lived assets and finite lived intangible assets- impairment
assessment;
- Allowance for doubtful accounts - Notes receivable;
- Income taxes; and
- Legal contingencies.
Revenue recognition for multiple-element arrangements
Some of our arrangements include multiple elements. As a result, signiﬁcant contract interpretation may be required to
determine the appr0priate accounting, including the identification of deliverables considered to be separate units of accounting,
the allocation of the transaction price among elements in the arrangement and the timing of revenue recognition for each of
those elements.
We recognize revenue for delivered elements as separate units of accounting when the delivered elements have
standalone value to the customer. For elements with no standalone value, we recognize revenue consistent with the pattern of
the delivery of the ﬁnal deliverable. In arrangements with combined units of accounting, changes in the allocation of the
transaction price among elements may impact the timing of revenue recognition for the contract but will not change the total
revenue recognized for the contract.
We establish the selling prices used for each non-software deliverable based on vendor speciﬁc objective evidence
(“VSOE”) of selling price, if available, third-party evidence (“TPE”), if VSOE of selling price is not available, or estimated
selling price (“ESP”), if neither VSOE of selling price nor TPE is available. We establish VSOE of selling price using the price
charged for a deliverable when sold separately and, in rare instances, using the price established by management having the
relevant authority. We evaluate TPE of selling price by reviewing largely similar and interchangeable competitor products or
services in standalone sales to similarly situated customers. ESP is established based on management’s judgment considering
internal factors such as margin objectives, pricing practices, customer segment pricing strategies and the product life cycle.
Consideration is also given to market conditions such as competitor pricing strategies and industry technology life cycles. In
most arrangements with multiple elements, the transaction price is allocated to the individual units of accounting at inception of
the arrangement based on their relative selling price. However, change to any of the aforementioned factors may result in a
different allocation of the transaction price to deliverables in multiple element arrangements entered into in future periods. This
may materially change the pattern and timing of revenue recognition for identical arrangements executed in future periods, but
will not change the total revenue recognized for any given arrangement.
For software elements, we follow the industry specific software guidance which only allows for the use of VSOE in
establishing fair value. Generally, VSOE of fair value is the price charged when the deliverable is sold separately or the price
established by management for a product that is not yet sold. ESPs are established as best estimates of what the selling prices
59