deferred tax assets (or the release thereof), state and local taxes, speciﬁc events such as the settlement of income tax audits and
changes in tax law, and the effects of our global income tax strategies. Based on our existing net deferred tax liability position
at December 31, 2015 and anticipated net operating losses in 2016, we expect to have to provide a valuation allowance against
our deferred tax assets in 2016 which will mostly offset the tax benefit we otherwise would record in our Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. Refer to Note 21 for additional information regarding our foreign and
domestic pre-tax income (loss), our foreign and domestic income tax benefit (expense), deferred tax assets and liabilities and
the effect foreign taxes have on our overall effective tax rate.
See "--Business Segment Results-- ’below for a more detailed explanation of the signiﬁcant changes in our components
of revenue within the individual segment results of operations.
BUSINESS SEGMENT RESULTS
The types of products and services from which our segments derive their revenues are further discussed in Notes 2 and
3. Certain financial information relating to our segments, including segment revenue, operating income (loss) and total assets
for the last three fiscal years and certain financial information relating to our revenue derived from and assets located in the
US. and other geographic areas is included in Note 2.
GAMING
Our Gaming business segment designs, develops, manufactures, markets and distributes a comprehensive portfolio of
gaming products and services. We provide our Gaming portfolio of products and services to commercial casinos, Native
American casinos, wide-area gaming operators such as LBOs, arcade and bingo operators in the UK. and continental Europe,
and government agencies and their affiliated operators. Our equity investments in RCN and ITL are part of our Gaming
business segment.
The following table summarizes the primary business activities included in our Gaming business segment.
: : : Services : : Product sales :
Gaming operations Service revenues ﬁom gaming operations are N/A
derived from WAP, premium and daily—fee
Participation gaming machines and other leased
gaming machines (including VLTs and electronic
table games) and other services revenue from
leasing game themes or other licensing
arrangements
Gaming machine sales N/A Sale of new and used gaming machines, electronic
table systems ("ETS") and VLTs, conversion game
kits and spare parts
Gaming systems We provide services which include installation and We offer core slot, casino and table—management
support of casino management systems, including systems (collectively, "casino-management
ongoing hardware maintenance and software systems") that help our customers improve
upgrade services communication with players, add excitement to the
gaming ﬂoor and enhance operating efﬁciencies.
We also provide ongoing software maintenance of
customer casino management systems
Table products Revenue is generated from leased table products Sale of table products (including Shuﬁlers) and
and services (including Shufﬂers) and proprietary perpetual licenses to proprietary table games
Gaming Machine Sales
The majority of our product sales are derived from sales of gaming machines and VLTs that use a combination of
advanced graphics, mechanical reels, digital music and sounds and secondary bonus games. We also sell electronic table
systems ("ETS") to either meet the needs of particular locations where live tables are not allowed or as productivity-enhancing
solutions for other jurisdictions.
47