interest rates would not have a material impact on interest expense because of our Libor ﬂoor on related debt, while a
hypothetical 1% increase in interest rates would increase interest expense approximately $42.4 million. All our interest rate
sensitive ﬁnancial instruments are held for purposes other than trading purposes.
We have attempted to limit our exposure to interest rate risk by using interest rate swap contracts to mitigate interest
rate risk associated with a portion of our variable rate debt instruments. The objective of our interest rate swap contracts, which
are designated as cash ﬂow hedges of the future interest payments, is to eliminate the variability of cash ﬂows attributable to
the LIBOR component of interest expense to be paid on a portion of our variable rate debt. For additional information
regarding interest rate swap contracts, see Note 17.
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The financial statements and other information required by this item are included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K and are presented beginning on page 68.
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE
None.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief
Executive Ofﬁcer (“CEO”) and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer (“CFO”), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures, as that term is deﬁned in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the
period covered by this annual report. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The management of SGC is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting as such term is defined in Rule l3a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting is a
process designed7to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our ﬁnancial reporting and the preparation of
ﬁnancial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control
over ﬁnancial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of SGC; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of ﬁnancial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016. In making this
assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO)
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment we concluded that, as of December 31, 2016, our
internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria.
The effectiveness of our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016 has been audited by
Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. Their report is included below.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
As previously disclosed, we identiﬁed a material weakness in our ICF R, pertaining to the step two goodwill
impairment testing in 2015 for our SG Gaming reporting unit that we performed in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles-
66