° our code of business conduct, which applies to all of our officers, directors and employees.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
The risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Please be aware that additional risks and uncertainties not
currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also materially and adversely affect our business
operations. You should also refer to the other information contained in our periodic reports, including the Forward-Looking
Statements section, our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a further discussion of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our
business. Except where the context otherwise indicates, references below to the "Company," "we," "our," "ours" and "us"
include all of our subsidiaries.
Risks Relating to our Business and our Industries
We operate in highly competitive industries, and our success depends on our ability to effectively compete with numerous
domestic and foreign businesses.
Gaming
Our Gaming business faces significant competition, not only from traditional gaming suppliers, but also from a
number of other domestic and foreign providers, some of which have substantially greater financial resources and/or experience
than we do. In some cases, we compete against gaming operators, including illegal operators. Additionally, we face competition
from an increased number of small gaming companies that have emerged in recent years and are able to focus their resources
on developing a smaller number of high-performing products.
We compete on the basis of the content, features, quality, functionality, accuracy, reliability, price and financing terms
of our products and services, and the responsiveness of our services. We also compete based on the extent of our sales, service,
marketing and distribution channels. We on occasion provide extended payment term ﬁnancing for product purchases, and we
expect to continue to provide extended payment term financing until the global economy and industry conditions improve and
demand for such ﬁnancing abates. We have also offered customers discounts and other offers and modified pricing and other
contractual terms in connection with the sale or placement of our products and services. Our competitors may provide a greater
amount of ﬁnancing or better oﬁers and terms than we do, and this may impact demand for our Gaming products and services.
We cannot assure that competitive pressure will not cause us to increase the incentives that we offer to our customers or agree
to modify contractual terms in ways that are unfavorable to us, which could adversely impact our results of operations, cash
ﬂows and financial condition.
We also compete to obtain space and favorable placement on casino gaming ﬂoors, and some of our product lines may
compete against each other for this space. Consolidation of casino and other operators, increased competition among operators
and reductions in capital expenditures by operators have significantly increased the level of competition among gaming
suppliers. Casino operators focus on performance, longevity, player appeal and price when making their purchasing decisions.
Competitors with a larger installed base of gaming machines and more game themes than ours may have an advantage in
obtaining and retaining placements in casinos. Our Shufﬂers also compete against hand shuﬁling, which remains the most
competitive shufﬂing option for casino card games around the world.
We also face high levels of competition in the supply of products and services for newly legalized gaming jurisdictions
and for openings of new or expanded casinos. Our success depends on our ability to successfully enter new markets and
compete successfully for new business, especially in the face of declining demand for gaming machine replacements.
Lottery
Our Lottery business faces competition from a number of domestic and foreign businesses, some of which have
substantially greater ﬁnancial resources than we do, which impacts our ability to win new contracts and renew existing
contracts. In addition, the US. lottery industry has matured such that we believe the number of states conducting lotteries is
unlikely to increase materially in the near-term. As some jurisdictions seek to privatize or outsource lottery operations
(including partial privatizations through private management agreements or otherwise), we face competition from both
traditional and new competitors with respect to these opportunities. In some cases, we may ﬁnd it necessary or desirable to
17