SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(amounts in USD, table amounts in millions, except per share amounts)
There were no assets or liabilities that were measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of December 31, 2016.
(18) Stockholders' Deﬁcit
Shares outstanding
The following table sets forth the change in the number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding during the ﬁscal
years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015:
7 December 31, 7
I : 2016 2015 :
I Shares outstanding as of beginning of period 86.5 85.1 1
Shares issued as part of equity-based compensation plans and the ESPP, net of shares surrendered 7 1.5 1.4 7
I Shares outstanding as of end of period 88.0 86.5 1
Stock-based and other incentive compensation
Pursuant to our incentive stock plans we offer stock-based compensation in the form of stock options and RSUs to
employees and our non-employee directors. The terms of the stock option and RSU awards, including the vesting schedule of
such awards, are determined at our discretion subject to the terms of the applicable equity-based compensation plan. We also
oﬁered an ESPP through June 30, 2015, at which point in time the shares allocated to this plan were fully issued and the ESPP
terminated in accordance with its terms. At the Annual Meeting, our stockholders approved the adoption of a new ESPP. The
first offering period under the new ESPP commenced on January 1, 2017.
Options granted over the last several years have generally become exercisable in four equal installments beginning on
the first anniversary of the date of grant with a maximum term of ten years or when certain performance targets are determined
to have been met. RSUs typically vest in four equal installments beginning on the ﬁrst anniversary of the date of grant or when
certain performance targets are determined to have been met.
We recognize expense for stock-based compensation plans based on the estimated fair value of the related awards in
accordance with ASC 718. Stock options are granted with exercise prices that are not less than the fair market value of our
common stock on the date of grant. We periodically grant certain stock-based awards that are contingent upon SGC or certain
of our subsidiaries achieving certain pre-determined ﬁnancial performance targets. Upon determining that the performance
target is probable, the fair value of the award is recognized over the service period. Determining the probability of achieving a
performance target requires estimates and judgment.
On August 5, 2016, we announced that Kevin Sheehan succeeded M. Gavin Isaacs as President and Chief Executive
Oﬁicer of the Company. On August 10, 2016, Mr. Sheehan received sign-on equity awards consisting of (a) 400,000
performance-conditioned restricted stock units that will vest based on achievement of speciﬁed performance conditions over a
three-year period and (b) equity awards with a grant date value equal to approximately 250% of his base salary, prorated based
on the number of days Mr. Sheehan will be employed in 2016, and consisting of (i) restricted stock units and stock options,
each with a four-year vesting schedule and (ii) performance-conditioned stock options vesting over a four-year period. The
remaining unamortized expense related to all unvested equity awards held by Mr. Isaacs as of December 31, 2016 was
recognized during 2016.
As of December 31, 2016, we had approximately 21.3 million shares of common stock authorized for awards under
the 2003 Plan (plus available shares from a pre-existing equity-based compensation plan). As of December 31, 2016, we had
approximately 4.0 million shares available for future grants of equity awards under the 2003 Plan plus available shares from a
pre-existing equity-based compensation plan (excluding shares underlying outstanding awards). We also have outstanding stock
107