Participation with respect to our Gaming business, refers to gaming machines provided to customers I
through service or leasing arrangements in which our revenues are calculated based on: (1) a
percentage of Net win', (2) fixed daily fees; (3) a percentage of the Coin-in; or (4) a
combination of a fixed daily fee and a percentage of the Coin-in, and with respect to our
Lottery business, refers to a contract or arrangement in which the Company is paid based on a
percentage of retail sales
PMA private management agreement
I PPU price-per—unit I
Provoloto SG Provoloto, S. de R.L. de CV.
I PTG Pr0prietary table games I
R&D research and development
I Racing Business racing and venue management businesses I
RCN Roberts Communications Network, LLC
I RFP request for pgposal I
RMG real-money_ gaming
I RSU restricted stock unit I
SEC Securities and Exchange Commission
I Secured Notes 7.00% senior secured notes due 2022 issued by SGI I
Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as amended
I Senior Notes the Secured Notes and the Unsecured Notes I
SG&A selling,_general and administrative
I SGC Scientiﬁc Games Corporation I
SGI Scientiﬁc Games International, Inc., a 100%—owned subsidiary of Scientific Games
Corporation
I SHFL SHFL entertainment, Inc. I
Shufﬂers various models of automatic card shufflers, deck checkers and roulette chip sorters
Sportech Sportech plc I
Subordinated Notes the 2018 Notes, 2020 Notes and 2021 Notes
I Unsecured Notes 10.00% senior unsecured notes due 2022 issued by SGI I
UK. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
I US. United States of America I
US. GAAP accounting_principles generally accepted in the US.
I U.S. jurisdictions the 50 states in the US. plus the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico I
VGT video gaming terminal
I VLT video lottery terminal I
WAP wide-area pggressive
I WMS WMS Industries, Inc. I
WMS acquisition the acquisition of WMS by the Company on October 18, 2013
Intellectual Property Rights
® and TM indicate U.S. trademarks. Marks are owned by their respective owners.
5