SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(amounts in USD, table amounts in millions, except per share amounts)
conditions exist, we compare the estimated fair value of the investment to its carrying value to determine if an impairment is
indicated and determine whether the impairment is "other-than-temporary" based on an assessment of all relevant factors,
including consideration of our intent and ability to retain our investment until the recovery of the unrealized loss. We estimate
fair value using a discounted cash ﬂow analysis based on estimated future results of, or cash distributions from, the investee.
Impairment charges, if any, are recorded in Earnings (loss) from equity investment.
During the fourth quarter of 2016, we recorded an impairment charge of $1 1 .3 million related to our investment in
GLB. During the third quarter of 20 14, we concluded that indicators of impairment were present related to our investment in
Northstar Illinois as we understood that the Governor's office of the State of Illinois directed the Illinois Department of Lottery
to end the PMA with Northstar Illinois, which termination agreement was signed during the third quarter of 2015 . We recorded
an impairment charge of $19.7 million in the third quarter of 2014, which is reﬂected in earnings (loss) from equity investments
for the year ended December 31, 2014.
At December 31, 2016, we had investments in a number of entities (principally in our lottery business segment) which
are accounted for under the equity method of accounting because we do not have a controlling financial interest but we have the
ability to exercise significant inﬂuence. Equity method income (loss) is recorded in “Earnings (loss) from equity investments”,
with our investment recorded in “Equity investments”. See the tables below for details of our equity investments:
. Ownership
7 Equity Investment Purpose Term Interest Segment 7
Initial term of nine
Exclusive operator of Italian instant years beginning
LNS (1) game lottery October 2010 20% Lottery
10 years beginning
Private manager of Illinois lottery January 2011, see
Northstar IL (2) under a PMA below 20% Lottery
Provision of marketing and sales October 1, 2013
Northstar NJ (3) services to New Jersey Lottery through 2029 17.69% Lottery
Northstar SupplyCo Separate agreement under which we
New Jersey LLC (NJ provide instant games to Northstar October 1, 2013
SupplyCo) NJ through 2029 30% Lottery
(1) Other members of consortium are Gtech S.p.A, a subsidiary of IGT and Arianna 2001. LNS succeeded Consorzio Lotterie Nazionali, a consortium
comprised of essentially the same group that owns LNS, as holder of the concession as the exclusive operator of the Italian Gratta e Vinci instant game lottery.
(2) Other member of Northstar Illinois is Gtech corporation, a subsidiary of IGT.
(3) Other members are Gtech and a subsidiary of the administrator of the Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System, this agreement provides us
substantive participating rights.
97