Highlights:
° On August 5, 2016, we announced that Kevin M. Sheehan joined Scientific Games as the Company's Chief Executive
Officer, previously having served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Norwegian Cruise Line Holding Ltd. for
seven years.
- In our Gaming segment, total annual worldwide new gaming machine shipments increased 10% to 31,610, and
included the launch of the next-generation TwinStarTM Dual-Screen and J43 Video gaming machines, while we also
introduced the innovative new GameScapeTM gaming machine dedicated exclusively for use in our gaming operations
line of business.
- In our Lottery segment, we successfully launched our latest-generation lottery gaming system for the Arizona Lottery,
displacing a competitor, and launched five innovative multi-channel cross-over lottery instant games, such as our
Jackpot Party® instant game, which capitalizes on our extensive proprietary games library.
- In our Interactive segment, annual revenues grew 58% year over year, primarily from the popularity and increased
play of our B2C social gaming apps, while successfully expanding our portfolio of social games with Blazing 7s®
Slots.
° On November 3, 2016, we announced that we began implementing a new business improvement initiative, which we
expect will streamline our organization, increase our efficiencies, and significantly reduce our operating costs once the
initiative is fully implemented.
- During the second quarter of 2016, we voluntarily repurchased and cancelled $56.5 million and $9.4 million of
principal amount of our 2020 Notes and 2021 Notes, respectively.
° Subsequent to December 31, 2016, we successfully completed a series of refinancing transactions, including a private
offering of $1.15 billion in aggregate principal amount of 7.000% senior secured notes due 2022 and amended our
credit agreement which extended the maturity of our term loans and revolving credit facility, and reduced the
applicable interest rate on the term loans. These actions reduced the total principal value of our debt by $45.0 million,
including payment of the remaining $45.0 million on our revolving credit facility, lowered annual cash interest cost,
extended the maturity out to 2021 and 2022 for 95 percent of our debt, and significantly reduced our interest rate
exposure to ﬂoating rates.
Trends and Uncertainties
We continue to experience challenges that are representative of trends and uncertainties that may affect our business
and results of operations. We are a highly leveraged company which presents several challenges, including the dedication of a
significant portion of our cash ﬂow ﬁom operations to service interest and principal payments on our indebtedness. Additional
challenges we face relate to expanding our footprint within international markets and the related process of obtaining regulatory
approvals to provide services and products within these new and emerging markets. A third set of challenges relates to changes
in the competitive landscape. Our major competitors are expanding their product and service oﬁerings with integrated products
and solutions. We are also faced with challenges related to foreign currency risk. Our international operations provide a
significant portion of our total revenue and expenses. Many of these revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other
than the US. dollar. As a result, changes in foreign exchange rates may significantly affect revenue and expenses. The
strengthening of the US. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies throughout fiscal year 2016 negatively impacted reported
revenue and reduced reported expenses from our international operations.
Reportable Segments
The segment amounts included in MD&A are presented on a basis consistent with our internal management reporting.
Segment information appearing in Note 2 is also presented on this basis. As of December 31, 2016, we had three segments for
financial reporting purposes - Gaming, Lottery and Interactive.
4 1