Often, our games, Gaming product hardware and software and our Interactive RMG products and services must be
approved in the jurisdictions in which they are operated, and we cannot assure you that such products or services will be
approved in any jurisdiction. Our networked gaming technology requires regulatory approval in gaming jurisdictions prior to
the shipment or implementation of any gaming machines, products or services and, although we have received approvals from
the jurisdictions in which we currently operate this technology, we cannot assure you that we will receive the approvals
necessary to offer it in additional gaming jurisdictions. Many of our customers are required to be licensed, and delays in
approvals of our customers” operations or expansions may adversely affect our results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial
condition. In addition, current regulations in a number of jurisdictions where our customers operate, such as Macau SAR and
Singapore, limit the amount of space allocated to our products or limit the amount of new product available to operators to an
amount that has been pre-approved by regulators. Substantial changes in any such regulations could adversely affect demand
for our products.
The regulatory review process and licensing requirements also may preclude us from using technologies owned or
developed by third parties if those parties are unwilling to subject themselves to regulatory review or do not meet regulatory
requirements. Some gaming authorities require gaming manufacturers to obtain approval before engaging in certain
transactions, such as acquisitions, mergers, reorganizations, ﬁnancings, stock offerings and share repurchases. Obtaining such
approvals can be costly and time consuming, and we cannot assure that such approvals will be granted or that the approval
process will not result in delays or disruptions to our strategic objectives.
The UK. government is currently in the process of undertaking a review of stakes and prizes for all gaming terminals,
which may lead to additional regulations. Any changes to stakes and prizes could negatively impact our customers or our UK.
gaming business.
We and certain of our affiliates, major stockholders (generally persons and entities beneficially owning a specified
percentage (typically 5% or more) of our equity securities), directors, officers and key employees are subject to extensive
background investigations and suitability standards in our businesses. In some jurisdictions, these investigations may require
extensive personal and financial disclosure from major stockholders, directors, officers and key employees. The failure of any
such individuals or entities to submit to such background checks and provide the required disclosure could jeopardize the
award of a contract or license to us or provide grounds for termination of an existing contract or license. Regulatory authorities
generally have broad discretion when granting, renewing or revoking these approvals and licenses. Gaming and lottery
authorities may require the removal of any of our directors or employees who are deemed to be unsuitable, and these authorities
are generally empowered to disqualify us from receiving a Gaming or Lottery contract or offering our Gaming or Lottery
products and services in that jurisdiction as a result of any such investigation. Our failure, or the failure of any of our major
stockholders, directors, officers, key employees, products or technology, to obtain or retain a required license or approval in
one jurisdiction could negatively impact our ability (or the ability of any of our major stockholders, directors, officers, key
employees, products or technology) to obtain or retain required licenses and approvals in other jurisdictions.
In light of these regulations and the potential impact on our business, our restated certificate of incorporation allows
for the restriction of stock ownership by persons or entities who fail to comply with informational or other regulatory
requirements under applicable gaming laws, who are found unsuitable to hold our stock by gaming authorities or whose stock
ownership adversely affects our ability to obtain, maintain, renew or qualify for a license, contract, franchise or other regulatory
approval from a gaming authority. The licensing procedures and background investigations of the authorities that regulate our
businesses and the restriction in our certificate of incorporation may inhibit potential investors from becoming significant
stockholders or inhibit existing stockholders from retaining or increasing their ownership.
There are instances where a state in which a Native American tribe conducts Class III gaming activities disagrees with
such tribe regarding the regulation of gaming, including the regulation of gaming suppliers. In those instances, we make every
effort to comply with both state and tribal regulation and fulfill our contractual obligations. However, there may be situations
where any such disagreement impedes or creates uncertainty with respect to our ability to supply gaming products and services
to such tribal customer or otherwise negatively impacts our relationship with such customer or gaming regulators. There are
additional complexities that may impact disputes or other interactions with Native American tribe customers. For example,
Native American tribes generally enjoy sovereign immunity from lawsuits, similar to the sovereign immunity enjoyed by the
individual states and the US. In addition, certain commercial agreements with Native American tribes are subject to review by
22