were partially offset by; (3) the expiration of the CSL validation contract which had a negative $21.7 million impact on services
revenue; (4) an unfavorable impact on revenue from foreign currency (primarily in the UK.) totaling $9.1 million; and (5) a
decrease of $2.7 million in other product sales revenues.
Operating income
Operating income increased primarily due to: (1) a more profitable revenue mix and the non-recurrence of a $35.5
million charge related to other asset impairments and certain cancellation costs of MMC included in cost of instant games sales
in 2015, which reduced cost of sales by $42.0 million; and (2) a decrease in D&A totaling $29.5 million. The decreases in cost
of sales and D&A are primarily attributable to the cancellation of the MONOPOLY MILLIONAIRES' CLUB TV game show in
20 15.
Earnings from equity investments
The decrease in earnings from equity investments of $5.1 million was primarily due to an $11.3 million impairment
charge recorded during the year ended December 31, 2016 related to an equity investment in China.
Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2014
Revenue
Total revenue decreased by $60.3 million reﬂecting $55.4 million in lower US. and international product sales of
hardware and software due to lower demand and a lower level of requests for bids by international lotteries as compared to the
prior year, a decline in service revenue due to lower instant lottery game validation revenue from the CSL and lower services
revenue from US. customers due to lower retail sales and unfavorable contract revisions. This was partially offset by $11.0
million in higher instant game revenues in 2015. Lottery revenues also reﬂect an unfavorable foreign currency translation
impact on revenue of $31.8 million.
Services revenue decreased by $15.9 million in 2015, primarily due to a decline in instant lottery game validation
revenue from the CSL and lower revenue from US. customers, reﬂecting lower retail sales and unfavorable contract revisions.
Services revenue also reﬂected an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact of $5.8 million. The $55.4 million decrease
in product sales revenue primarily reﬂected lower US. and international sales of hardware and software due to lower demand
and a lower level of requests for bids by international lotteries as compared to the prior year. Product sales revenue is inclusive
of an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact of $12.3 million. The $11.0 million increase in instant games revenue
reﬂected higher revenue from our US. and international Participation contracts driven by an increase in retail sales and
conversions ﬁom price-per—unit contracts to Participation contracts and higher revenue from our international price-per-unit
contracts due primarily to new customers and the mix of orders. This was partially offset by lower revenue from our US. price-
per—unit contracts due to conversions to Participation contracts. Instant game revenue also reﬂected an unfavorable foreign
currency translation impact of $13 .7 million.
Operating income
Operating income decreased by $98.8 million in 2015, primarily due to a $67.6 million non-cash impairment charge to
write off the recorded amount of our US. Lottery Systems reporting unit goodwill, $35.5 million charge related to other asset
impairments and certain cancellation costs included in cost of instant games sales and $11.9 million in accelerated D&A of
property and equipment, partially offset by a more favorable mix of business and lower SG&A.
Earnings from equity investments
The increase in earnings from equity investments of $24.3 million was primarily due to the non-recurrence of the
$19.7 million non-cash impairment charge we recorded during the year ended December 31, 2014 to write down our Northstar
Illinois equity investment coupled with higher performance of equity investments.
INTERACTIVE
The following table summarizes the primary business activities included in the Interactive business segment.
56