ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise indicates, all references to the words "Scientiﬁc Games," "we,"
"us," "our" and the "Company" refer to SGC and its consolidated subsidiaries. Any references to "Notes" refers to the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 15 for this Report.
General
Scientific Games Corporation was incorporated in the State of Delaware on July 2, 1984. We are a leading developer
of technology-based products and services and associated content for the worldwide gaming, lottery and interactive gaming
industries. Our portfolio includes gaming machines and game content, casino management systems, table game products and
services, instant and draw-based lottery games, server-based gaming and lottery systems, sports betting technology, lottery
content and services, loyalty and rewards programs, interactive gaming and social casino solutions. We also gain access to
technologies and pursue global expansion through strategic acquisitions and equity investments.
Strategy
We strive to provide high quality products and services to our customers across all three of our business segments --
Gaming, Lottery and Interactive.
To this end, we are focused on the following strategies:
- Drive innovation— We place great emphasis on producing innovative and high-performing Gaming, Lottery and
Interactive content, products and services that provide differentiated value to our customers. Our goal is to create
“must have” products and complete systems and services with unique features and functionality through our
innovation-centric corporate culture. We seek to leverage our expansive content library and portfolio of proprietary
and licensed intellectual property, and use our extensive player and customer research in order to bring innovation to
our products, services and processes. Also, we intend to take advantage of our state-of-the-art operating system
development and game development tools to enhance our ideation and development processes and generate greater
efficiencies in game production.
° Focus on prudent ﬁscal management to improve ﬁnancial returns and cashﬂow from operations— In the fourth
quarter of 2016, the Company commenced a global business improvement initiative to create a more efficient and
seamless organization which was designed to address our cost structure and is expected to eliminate $75 million in
annualized costs. The majority of the actions necessary to implement these cost savings were completed as of
December 31, 2016. Setting the right operational and strategic priorities to support our customers, aligning our
resources to achieve our targets and tracking our performance is our near term focus. All of these factors, if successful,
should increase our cash ﬂow from operations available to reduce our financial leverage above our contractually
required payments.
0 Build a corporate culture open to new ideas and opportunities that help to accelerate deleveraging— We are
embarking on a journey to create a culture of discipline that aligns and uses our resources more effectively, and at the
same time cultivates open minds willing to capitalize on additional opportunistic situations where we might be able to
accelerate our deleveraging efforts.
Segments
We report our operations in three business segments (Gaming, Lottery and Interactive) representing our different
products and services. See "Business Segment Results" in Item 7 and Note 2 for additional business segment information.
Gaming Segment
The gaming industry is characterized by the continuous development of new technologies, products and game content.
Gaming products and services are used by a diverse group of gaming operators and US. and international lotteries which may
offer VLTs and other forms of gaming, such as bingo and sports wagering.
Our products are installed in all of the major regulated gaming jurisdictions in the US, as well as in approximately
146 international gaming jurisdictions. Growth of gaming in land-based venues is driven by the opening of new casinos in both
new and existing jurisdictions and the expansion of existing casinos. In addition, the land-based gaming supply business is
significantly impacted by the rate at which casinos and other gaming operators replace their gaming machines, which depends
8