SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(amounts in USD, table amounts in millions, except per share amounts)
intangible) of SGI and the other guarantors, and (2) 100% of the capital stock (or other equity interests) of the direct domestic
subsidiaries of SGC, SGI and the guarantors and 65% of the capital stock (or other equity interests) of the direct foreign
subsidiaries of SGC, SGI and the guarantors, in each case, subject to certain customary exceptions.
Senior notes
Unsecured Notes
In connection with the Bally acquisition in 2014, SGI issued $2.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of the
Unsecured Notes in a private offering. The Unsecured Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of November 21,
2014 (the "Unsecured Notes Indenture"). In May 2015, SGI completed an exchange offer in which all of the unregistered
Unsecured Notes were exchanged for a like amount of Unsecured Notes registered under the Securities Act.
SGI may redeem some or all of the Unsecured Notes at any time prior to December 1, 2018 at a redemption price
equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Unsecured Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of
redemption plus a "make whole" premium. SGI may redeem some or all of the Unsecured Notes at any time on or after
December 1, 2018 at the prices specified in the Unsecured Notes indenture.
The Unsecured Notes are senior unsecured obligations of SGI and rank equally to all of SGI’s existing and future
senior debt and rank senior to all of SGI'S existing and future senior subordinated debt. The Unsecured Notes are guaranteed on
a senior unsecured basis by SGC and all of its wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries (other than SGI, the unrestricted social gaming
business entities and immaterial subsidiaries). The Unsecured Notes are structurally subordinated to all of the liabilities of our
non-guarantor subsidiaries.
Secured Notes
In connection with the Bally acquisition in 2014, SGI issued $950.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the
Secured Notes in a private offering. The Secured Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of November 21, 2014
(the "Secured Notes Indenture"). SGI may redeem some or all of the Secured Notes at any time prior to January 1, 2018 at a
redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Secured Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the
date of redemption plus a "make whole" premium. SGI may redeem some or all of the Secured Notes at any time on or after
January 1, 2018 at the prices speciﬁed in the Secured Notes indenture. The $1.15 billion of additional Secured Notes that were
issued as part of the February 2017 Financing were issued under the Secured Notes Indenture and therefore have the same
terms as the Secured Notes except for the issue date and offering price.
The Secured Notes are senior secured obligations of SGI and are equally and ratably secured with SGI’s obligations
under the credit agreement. The Secured Notes are equal in rank to all of SGI’S existing and future senior debt and rank senior
to all of SGI's existing and future senior subordinated debt. The Secured Notes are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by SGC
and all of its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries (other than SGI, the unrestricted social gaming business entities and immaterial
subsidiaries). The Secured Notes are structurally subordinated to all of the liabilities of our non-guarantor subsidiaries.
Subordinated notes
201 8 Notes
The 2018 Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of September 22, 2010 (the "2018 Notes Indenture").
SGC may redeem some or all of the 2018 Notes for cash at any time at the prices speciﬁed in the 2018 Notes Indenture.
The 2018 Notes are unsecured senior subordinated obligations of SGC and are subordinated to all of our existing and
future senior debt, rank equally with all of our future senior subordinated debt and rank senior to all of our future debt that is
expressly subordinated to the 2018 Notes. The 2018 Notes are guaranteed on an unsecured senior subordinated basis by all of
SGC's wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries (including SGI, the unrestricted social gaming business entities and immaterial
103