Our social gaming business largely depends upon our relationships with key providers, and changes in those
relationships could negatively impact our social gaming business.
In our social gaming business, our services operate largely through F acebook, Google Play for Android devices, Apple
iOS platform, Kindle platform and Microsoft Windows. Consequently, our expansion and prospects of our social gaming
oﬁerings depend on our continued relationships with these providers (and any emerging app store providers). Our relationships
with Facebook, Google and Apple are not governed by contracts but rather by the provider’s standard terms and conditions for
application developers. Our social gaming business will be adversely impacted if we are unable to continue these relationships
in the future or if the terms and conditions offered by these providers are altered to our disadvantage. For instance, if any of
these providers were to increase their fees, our results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition would suffer. Likewise,
if Facebook, Google or Apple were to alter their operating platforms, we could be adversely impacted as our offerings may not
be compatible with the altered platforms or may require significant and costly modifications in order to become compatible. If
F acebook, Google or Apple were to develop competitive offerings, either on their own or in cooperation with one or more
competitors, our growth prospects would be negatively impacted.
We heavily depend on our ability to maintain and renew our customer contracts, including our long-term lottery
contracts, and we could lose substantial revenue and profits if we are unable to renew certain of our contracts on
substantially similar terms or at all
Generally, our Lottery contracts contain initial multi-year terms, with optional renewal periods at the discretion of the
customer. Upon the expiration of any such contract, including any extensions thereof, a new contract may be awarded through a
competitive bidding process. Conversely, in some instances, Lottery customers are authorized to extend contracts beyond the
term initially agreed in the applicable contract without subjecting the contract to competitive bidding, thereby eliminating the
possibility of obtaining that new business. Since the beginning of 2013, we have lost lottery systems contracts in Colorado and
Indiana to our competitors following the expiration or termination of our contracts.
We cannot assure that our current contracts will be extended or that we will be awarded new contracts as a result of
competitive bidding processes or otherwise in the future. The termination, expiration or failure to renew one or more of our
contracts could cause us to lose substantial revenue and profits, which could have an adverse eﬁect on our ability to win or
renew other contracts or pursue growth initiatives. We cannot assure that new or renewed contracts will contain terms that are
as favorable as our current terms or will contemplate the same scope of products and services as our current contracts, and any
less favorable contract terms or diminution in scope could negatively impact our results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial
condition. For additional information regarding the potential expiration dates of certain of our more significant Lottery
contracts, see the table in "Business Segments-Lottery Segment" in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form lO-K.
We are also required by certain of our customers to provide surety or performance bonds in connection with our
contracts. As of December 31, 2016, we had $231.0 million of outstanding performance bonds. We cannot assure that we will
continue to be able to obtain surety or performance bonds on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our inability to provide
such bonds would materially and adversely aﬁect our ability to renew existing, or obtain new, Lottery contracts.
A substantial portion of our gaming revenue depends on repeat customers. In certain regions, our business may be
concentrated with a small number of customers, such as our UK. LBO business.
Our business depends on the protection of our intellectual property and proprietary information.
We believe that our success depends, in part, on protecting our intellectual property in the US. and in foreign
countries. Our intellectual property includes certain patents, trademarks and copyrights relating to our products and services
(including gaming machines, interactive gaming products, table games, Shufﬂers and accessories, instant lottery games and
gaming and lottery systems), as well as prOprietary or confidential information that is not subject to patent or similar protection.
Our success may depend, in part, on our ability to obtain protection for the trademarks, names, logos or symbols under which
we market our products and to obtain copyright and patent protection for our proprietary technologies, intellectual property and
innovations. We cannot assure that we will be able to build and maintain consumer value in our trademarks, obtain patent,
trademark or copyright protection or that any trademark, copyright or patent will provide us with competitive advantages. In
particular, a recent US. Supreme Court decision tightened the standard for patent eligibility of software patents, and other court
decisions in recent years have trended towards a narrowing of patentable subject matter. These and similar decisions in the
25