SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(amounts in USD, table amounts in millions, except per share amounts)
royalty rate, revenue projections that consider historical and estimated future results and general economic and market
conditions, as well as the impact of planned business and operational strategies. The following estimates and assumptions were
used in applying the relief-from-royalty method:
- Royalty rates between 0.5% and 1.0% based on market-observed royalty rates; and
o A discount rate of 9.0% based on the required rate of return for the trade name assets.
Based on the estimated fair value of the trade name assets, we recorded an impairment charge of $103.6 million with a
tax benefit of $38.8 million during the third quarter of 2015. The change in useful life determination was treated as a change in
estimate with the new $97.5 million carrying value of the trade name assets being amortized on a straight-line basis over a
fifteen-year period beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015, which materially approximates the expected pattern of use over the
remaining useful life. The fifteen-year estimated useful life is a matter of management judgment, which we believe materially
represents the period over which the trade name assets will contribute to the future cash ﬂows of the respective asset group and
is consistent with our policies for assigning useful lives.
(3) We recorded a non-cash charge of $4.8 million, $6.6 million and $9.4 million during 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively, to adjust the carrying value of the Waukegan facility to fair value less expected selling costs.
(4) During the fourth quarter of 2015, we recorded $11.9 million in accelerated D&A of property and equipment
related to our instant games operations.
(5) During 2015 and 2014, we recorded $15.8 million and $14.5 million, respectively, of accelerated depreciation on
certain equipment assets included in our Gaming business segment.
Goodwill and intangible assets with indeﬁnite useful lives
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
of acquired companies. We test goodwill for impairment annually as of October 1 of each fiscal year or more frequently if
events arise or circumstances change that indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than
its carrying value. We evaluate goodwill at the reporting unit level by comparing the carrying value of each reporting unit to its
fair value using a quantitative two step impairment test in accordance with ASC 350. We also have the option to first assess
qualitative factors to determine whether the fair value of a reporting unit is not "more than likely" less than its carrying value,
which is commonly referred to as "Step 0". If the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying value, goodwill is
not considered impaired. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the amount of the impairment loss,
if any, will be measured by comparing the fair value of goodwill to its carrying value.
We reviewed our operating segments in accordance with ASC 350 to determine if additional reporting units exist
within our operating segments based on the availability of discrete ﬁnancial information that is regularly reviewed by segment
management. For additional business segment information, see Note 2. We determined that we have eight reporting units as of
our October 1, 2016 goodwill impairment testing date: Instant Products, U.S. Lottery Systems, International Lottery Systems,
SG Gaming, legacy U.K. Gaming, Casino Management Systems, Table Products, and Interactive. There were no subsequent
changes to this determination through December 31, 2016. These are the same reporting units that we determined at December
31,2015.
Our annual goodwill impairment tests as of October 1, 2016 indicated estimated fair values in excess of their carrying
values for each of our instant products, SG Gaming, legacy U.K. Gaming, Casino Management Systems, Table Products and
Interactive reporting units. See below for discussion related to the impairment testing results of International Lottery Systems
reporting unit.
93