: , , Services :
Social Operating social casino-style, slot—based games through Facebook, iOS, Android and various other desktop and
mobile platforms
RMG Provision of content, via remote game server technology, to licensed online casino operators on both desktop and
mobile platforms
SG Universe Provision of play-for—fun and play—for—free white-label gaming for traditional land-based casinos through SG
Universe
Social Gaming
In our social gaming business, we generate revenue from the sale of virtual coins or chips, which players can use to
play slot and table games (i.e., Spin in the case of slot games, bet in the case of table games). The games are primarily our
WMS, Bally, BarcrestTM, SHFL and Dragonplay® branded games. In addition, we also offer third-party branded games as well
as original content.
Our apps include Jackpot Party Social Casino ("JPSC"), Gold Fish Casino Slots ("GFC"), Quick Hit Slots (“QHS”)
and Hot Shot Casino (“HSC”), Dragonplay Slots® (“DPS”), Dragonplay Poker® (“DPP”) and Blazing 7s Slots ("BHS") on
various platforms which include: F acebook, Apple, Google Play, Amazon Kindle, Yahoo (through March 2016) and Microsoft
Windows.
RMG
In our RMG business, we provide game content to real-money online casino operators, primarily in Europe. We host
the play of our game content on our centrally-located servers (often referred to as remote game servers) that are integrated with
the online casino operators' websites and mobile applications. We typically earn a percentage of the operator's net gaming
revenue generated by the games we host.
SG Universe
SG Universe includes Play4Fun NetworkTM interactive services for land based casino operators under which we
provide our customers the ability to customize marketing to players while giving players access to their loyalty reward credits
and the ability to make on-property reservations. We host play-for-fun and play-for-free services for traditional land-based
casinos and earn revenue based on fixed fees, a share of the proceeds from the sale of virtual coins, or a mix of ﬁxed fees and a
share of such proceeds. We also earn revenue from fees for hosting on—premises interactive gaming. We provide a social casino
platform delivered through a land based casino operator’s branded website and mobile application.
We believe that growth in our Interactive gaming business is driven largely through new channels of distribution, such
as the various types of mobile gaming platforms, the expansion of legal interactive RMG jurisdictions, the addition of social
gaming products, such as our newest social games Blazing 7s Slots, the number and quality of our proprietary and third-party
branded games released and available to players, the addition of traditional land-based casino operators and RMG operators
that are not currently customers, the effectiveness of our marketing efforts designed to engage new players and re-engage
existing players, and the prominence of our offerings on operators’ websites, which we do not control.
Revenues from our Interactive services to external customers accounted for 12%, 8% and 8% of our total revenues in
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Current year update
In early 2016, our Hot Shot Casino became one of the top 30 grossing apps on F acebook and, in the third quarter of
2016, we launched the mobile version of this product worldwide. We have continued to expand our RMG business with the
launch of RMG products at 18 additional online casino operators in 2016.
57