We depend on our suppliers and contract manufacturers, and any failure of these parties to meet our performance and
quality standards or requirements could cause us to incur additional costs or lose customers.
Our production of instant lottery games, in particular, depends upon a continuous supply of raw materials, supplies,
power and natural resources. Our operating results could be adversely affected by an interruption or cessation in the supply of
these items or a serious quality assurance lapse, including as a result of the insolvency of any of our key suppliers.
Similarly, the operation of our instant ticket printing presses and the manufacture and maintenance of our gaming
machines and gaming and lottery systems are dependent upon a regular and continuous supply of raw materials and
components, many of which are manufactured or produced outside of the US. Certain of the components we use are
customized for our products. The assembly of certain of our products and other hardware is performed by third parties. Any
interruption or cessation in the supply of these items or services or any material quality assurance lapse with respect thereto
could materially adversely affect our ability to fulfill customer orders, results of operations, cash ﬂows and ﬁnancial condition.
We may be unable to find adequate replacements for our suppliers within a reasonable time frame, on favorable commercial
terms or at all. The impact of the foregoing may be magnified as we continue to seek to streamline our gaming supply chain by
reducing the number of our suppliers. Further, manufacturing costs may unexpectedly increase and we may not be able to
successfully recover any or all of such cost increases.
In our lottery systems business, we transmit certain wagering data using satellite transponders, generally pursuant to
long-term contracts. The technical failure of any of these satellites would require us to obtain other communication services,
including other satellite access. In some cases, we employ backup systems to limit our exposure in the event of such a failure.
We cannot assure access to such other satellites or, if available, the ability to obtain the use of such other satellites on favorable
terms or in a timely manner. While satellite failures are infrequent, the operation of satellites is outside of our control.
In addition, in our Gaming business, we rely upon a number of significant third-party suppliers and vendors delivering
parts, equipment and services on schedule in order for us to meet our contractual commitments. Furthermore, we outsource the
manufacturing of certain of our sub-assemblies to third parties in the U.S., Europe, Central America and Asia. Failure of these
third parties to meet their delivery commitments could result in us being in breach of, and subsequently losing, the affected
customer orders, which loss could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash ﬂows and ﬁnancial
condition. We rely on network and/or telecommunications services for certain of our products. For instance, any disruption to
our network or telecommunications could impact our linked or networked games, which could reduce our revenue.
In our Interactive gaming business, we often rely on third-party data center providers to, among other things, host our
remote game servers. Our Interactive gaming businesses could be adversely impacted by breaches of or disruptions to these
third-party data centers, including through disruptions in our RMG business, potential service level penalties with respect to our
customers, reputational harm, the disclosure of proprietary information or the information of our customers or the theft of our
or our customers assets, and to the extent any such data center provider was unable or unwilling to continue to provide services
to us.
In certain regions, we enter into agreements with local distributors for the distribution of our land-based gaming
products to one or more customers. Changes to these distributor relationships, including modification or termination of our
agreements or diﬂiiculties with any such distributor could prevent us from delivering products or services to our customers on a
timely basis, or at all, and could negatively impact our business.
We have foreign operations, which subjects us to foreign currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations and other risks.
We are a global business and derive a substantial portion of our revenue and profits from operations outside of the
United States. For the year ended December 31, 2016, we derived approximately 32% of our revenue from sales to customers
outside of the United States.
Our consolidated financial results are affected by foreign currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations. We are exposed to
currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations because portions of our revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the
US. dollar, particularly the British Pound Sterling, the Australian dollar and the Euro. Exchange rate ﬂuctuations have in the
past adversely affected our results of operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition and may adversely affect our results of
operations, cash ﬂows and financial condition and the value of our assets outside the US. in the future. If a foreign currency is
3 l