NOTE C — ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES (continued)
in the definitive agreement. Ashland recognized a gain of $92 million after tax, which is included within the discontinued operations
caption in the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income for 2014. During 2015, Ashland received $48 million of delayed
purchase price funds related to a foreign entity which completed certain regulatory closing requirements. Final settlement of
working capital and other post-closing adjustments occurred during 2015 resulting in a payment of approximately $20 million to
CD&R.
Since this transaction signiﬁed Ashland’s exit from the Water Technologies business, Ashland has classified Water
Technologies’ results of operations and cash ﬂows within the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income and Statements
of Consolidated Cash Flows as discontinued operations for prior periods presented. Certain indirect corporate costs included
within the selling, general and administrative expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income that were
previously allocated to the Water Technologies reportable segment did not qualify for classification within discontinued operations.
These costs were $31 million during 2014.
Ashland retained and agreed to indemnify CD&R for certain liabilities of the Water Technologies business arising prior to the
closing of the sale, including certain pension and postretirement liabilities, environmental remediation liabilities and certain legacy
liabilities relating to businesses disposed or discontinued by the Water Technologies business. Costs directly related to these
retained liabilities have been included within the discontinued operations caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive
Income. The ongoing effects of the pension and other postretirement plans for former Water Technologies employees are reported
within the Unallocated and other segment.
Ashland provided certain transition services to CD&R for a fee. During 2016, 2015 and 2014, Ashland recognized transition
service fees of $5 million, $28 million and $7 million, respectively, within the selling, general and administrative expense caption
of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income. While the transition services vary in duration depending upon the type
of service provided, Ashland continued to reduce costs as the transition services were completed. See Note D for further information
on the results of operations of Water Technologies for all periods presented.
Casting Solutions joint venture
During 2014, Ashland, in conjunction with its partner, initiated a process to sell the ASK Chemicals GmbH (ASK) joint
venture, in which Ashland had 50% ownership. As part of the sale process, Ashland determined during 2014 that the fair value
of its investment in the ASK joint venture was less than the carrying value and that an other than temporary impairment had
occurred. As a result, Ashland recognized an impairment charge of $50 million related to its investment in the ASK joint venture.
The charge was recognized within the equity and other income caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income.
On June 30, 2014, Ashland, in conjunction with its partner, sold the ASK joint venture to investment funds affiliated with
Rhone Capital, LLC (Rhone), a London and New York-based private equity investment firm. From the sale, total pre-tax proceeds
to the sellers, which were split evenly between Ashland and its partner, under the terms of the 50/50 joint venture, were $205
million, which included $176 million in cash and a $29 million note from Rhone due in calendar year 2022.
NOTE D — DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
In previous periods, Ashland has divested certain businesses that have qualified as discontinued operations. The operating
results from these divested businesses and subsequent adjustments related to ongoing assessments of certain retained liabilities
and tax items have been recorded within the discontinued operations caption in the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive
Income for all periods presented and are discussed further within this note.
Ashland is subject to liabilities from claims alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos. Such claims result
primarily from indemnification obligations undertaken in 1990 in connection with the sale of Riley, a former subsidiary, which
qualified as a discontinued operation and from the acquisition during 2009 of Hercules, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
Ashland. Adjustments to the recorded litigation reserves and related insurance receivables are recorded within the discontinued
operations caption and continue periodically. During 2015, Ashland recorded an after-tax gain of $ 120 million within discontinued
operations due to the January 2015 asbestos insurance settlement. See Note 0 for further discussion of Ashland’s asbestos-related
activity.
As previously described in Note C, on July 3 1, 2014, Ashland completed the sale of the Water Technologies business to CD&R.
Sales recognized for the ten month period Water Technologies was still owned by Ashland in 2014 were $1.5 billion. The previous
results of operation related to Water Technologies have been reﬂected as discontinued operations in the Statements of Consolidated
Comprehensive Income. Ashland made subsequent post-closing adjustments to the discontinued operations caption in 2016, 2015
and 2014.
On March 3 1, 2011, Ashland completed the sale to Nexeo Solutions, LLC of substantially all of the assets and certain liabilities
of its global distribution business, which previously comprised the Ashland Distribution (Distribution) reportable segment. Ashland
F - 1 9