Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE A — SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Principles of consolidation and basis of presentation
On September 20, 2016, Ashland was reincorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware through a tax-free reorganization
under a new holding company structure (the Reorganization). As a result of the Reorganization, Ashland Global Holdings Inc.
replaced Ashland Inc. as the publicly held corporation and, through its subsidiaries, now conducts all of the operations that
historically were conducted by Ashland Inc. Pursuant to the terms of the Reorganization, each outstanding share of Ashland
common stock was automatically converted into one share of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. common stock. Following
consummation of the Reorganization, (i) Ashland Inc. was converted into Ashland LLC, an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of
Ashland Global Holdings Inc, and (ii) Ashland Global Holdings Inc., as the new holding company, will, through its subsidiaries,
conduct all of the operations conducted by Ashland Inc. immediately prior to the Reorganization. The Consolidated Financial
Statements include the accounts of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and its majority owned subsidiaries and, when applicable, entities
for which Ashland has a controlling financial interest or is the primary beneficiary (Ashland). For entities for which Ashland has
a controlling financial interest but owns less than 100%, the outside stockholders” interests are shown as noncontrolling interests.
Investments in joint ventures and 20% to 50% owned aﬂiliates where Ashland has the ability to exert significant inﬂuence are
accounted for under the equity method.
The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America (US. GAAP) and US. Securities and Exchange Commission regulations. All material
intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Additionally, certain prior period data has been reclassified in the
Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes to conform to the current period presentation, which includes the
adoption of of new accounting guidance during the current year related to the classification as noncurrent of all deferred tax assets
and liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Ashland is composed of three reportable segments: Ashland Specialty Ingredients (Specialty Ingredients), Ashland
Performance Materials (Performance Materials) and Valvoline. As of September 30, 2016, Ashland maintains an approximately
83% controlling interest in Valvoline Inc., which holds the Valvoline reportable segment. See Note B for additional information.
The term Valvoline as used herein, depending on context, refers to either Valvoline Inc. or Valvoline as a reportable segment of
Ashland. On July 31, 2014, Ashland completed the sale of the assets and liabilities of Ashland Water Technologies (Water
Technologies). As a result of the sale, all prior period operating results and cash ﬂows related to Water Technologies have been
reﬂected as discontinued operations in the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income and Statements of Consolidated
Cash Flows. During 2015, Ashland sold certain assets in its portfolio of businesses which were not reﬂected as discontinued
operations. See Notes C and R for additional information on these activities as well as Ashland’s current reportable segment
results.
Use of estimates, risks and uncertainties
The preparation of Ashland’s Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with US. GAAP requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities. Significant items that are subject to such estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited
to, long-lived assets (including goodwill and other intangible assets), employee benefit obligations, income taxes and liabilities
and receivables associated with asbestos litigation and environmental remediation. Although management bases its estimates on
historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, actual results could
differ significantly from the estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
Ashland’s results are affected by domestic and international economic, political, legislative, regulatory and legal
actions. Economic conditions, such as recessionary trends, inﬂation, interest and monetary exchange rates, government fiscal
policies and changes in the prices of certain key raw materials, can have a significant eﬁect on operations. While Ashland maintains
reserves for anticipated liabilities and carries various levels of insurance, Ashland could be affected by civil, criminal, regulatory
or administrative actions, claims or proceedings relating to asbestos, environmental remediation or other matters.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and highly liquid investments maturing within three months after purchase.
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Ashland records an allowance for doubtful accounts as a best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses for accounts
receivable. Each month, Ashland reviews this allowance and considers factors such as customer credit, past transaction history
F -10