NOTE J — DEBT (continued)
five-year $450 million revolving credit facility (the 2016 revolving credit facility) (including a $100 million letter of credit sublimit).
The Valvoline Credit Facilities may be prepaid at any time without premium.
The Valvoline Credit Facilities are guaranteed by Valvoline Inc. ’s existing and future subsidiaries (other than certain immaterial
subsidiaries, joint ventures, special purpose financing subsidiaries, regulated subsidiaries, foreign subsidiaries and certain other
subsidiaries), and are secured by a first-priority security interest in substantially all the personal property assets, and certain real
property assets, of Valvoline Inc. and the guarantors, including all or a portion of the equity interests of certain of Valvoline Inc. ’s
domestic subsidiaries and first-tier foreign subsidiaries and, in certain cases, a portion of the equity interests of other foreign
subsidiaries.
At Valvoline Inc.’s option, the loans issued under the Valvoline Credit Agreement will bear interest at either LIBOR or an
alternate base rate, in each case plus the applicable interest rate margin. Loans initially bear interest at LIBOR plus 2.375% per
annum, in the case of LIBOR borrowings, or at the alternate base rate plus 1.375%, in the alternative, through and including the
date of delivery of a quarterly compliance certificate and thereafter the interest rate will ﬂuctuate between LIBOR plus 1.500%
per annum and LIBOR plus 2.500% per annum (or between the alternate base rate plus 0.500% per annum and the alternate base
rate plus 1.500% per annum), based upon Valvoline Inc’s corporate credit ratings or the consolidated first lien net leverage ratio
(as defined in the Valvoline Credit Agreement) (whichever yields a lower applicable interest rate margin) at such time.
During September 2016, Valvoline Inc. borrowed $875 million of principal on the 2016 term loan facility and $137 million
on the 2016 revolving credit facility. The net proceeds of these borrowings of $865 million (after deducting fees and expenses)
for the 2016 term loan facility and $137 million for the 2016 revolving credit facility were transferred to Ashland. With these
proceeds, Ashland repaid $785 million of its 2015 loan facility, $150 million of the 2015 revolving credit facility and $45 million
of its accounts receivable securitization.
Valvoline Inc. used the net proceeds of its September 2016 IPO to repay $500 million of the outstanding balance under its
2016 term loan facility and all of the $137 million outstanding balance of its 2016 revolving credit facility. See Note B for more
information on the IPO of Valvoline Inc. common stock.
Valvoline Inc. incurred $10 million of new debt issuance costs in connection with the Valvoline Credit Agreement. These
debt issuance costs were capitalized and will be amortized over the term of the Valvoline Credit Agreement using the effective
interest method. Additionally, as a result of the $500 million repayment of the Valvoline 2016 term loan facility, Valvoline Inc.
recognized a $4 million charge for the accelerated amortization of previously capitalized debt issuance costs, which is included
in the net interest and other financing expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income.
At September 30, 2016, the total borrowing capacity remaining under the 2016 revolving credit facility was $435 million due
to a reduction of $15 million for letters of credit outstanding.
Valvoline senior notes
During July 2016, Valvoline completed its issuance of 5 .500% senior unsecured notes due 2024 (2024 notes) with an aggregate
principal amount of $375 million. Valvoline incurred $6 million of new debt issuance costs in connection with the issuance of
the 2024 notes. These debt issuance costs were capitalized and will be amortized over the term of the 2024 notes using the effective
interest method.
During July 20 16, the net proceeds of the offering of $3 70 million (after deducting initial purchasers ’ discounts) were transferred
to Ashland. Ashland used these proceeds to repay $110 million of the outstanding balance under Ashland’s 2015 revolving credit
facility and $260 million of the 2015 term loan facility.
Covenants related to current Valvoline debt agreements
The Valvoline Credit Agreement contains usual and customary representations and warranties, and usual and customary
affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations on liens, additional indebtedness, investments, restricted payments, asset
sales, mergers, affiliate transactions and other customary limitations, as well as financial covenants (including maintenance of a
maximum consolidated leverage ratio and a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio) and other customary limitations. As
of September 30, 2016, Valvoline Inc. was in compliance with all debt agreement covenant restrictions.
The maximum consolidated leverage ratio permitted under the Valvoline Credit Agreement is 4.5. The Valvoline Credit
Agreement defines the consolidated leverage ratio as the ratio of consolidated indebtedness minus unrestricted cash and cash
equivalents to consolidated EBITDA (Covenant Adjusted EBITDA) for any measurement period. In general, the Valvoline Credit
Agreement defines Covenant Adjusted EBITDA as net income plus consolidated interest charges, taxes, depreciation and
amortization expense, fees and expenses related to capital market transactions, restructuring and integration charges, noncash stock
and equity compensation expense, and any other nonrecurring expenses or losses that do not represent a cash item in such period
or any future period; less any noncash gains or other items increasing net income.
F -32