enacted or adopted by various regulatory agencies globally. The costs of compliance with any new laws or regulations cannot be
estimated until the manner in which they will be implemented has been more precisely defined.
Remediation - Ashland currently operates, and in the past has operated, various facilities at which, during the normal course
of business, releases of hazardous substances have occurred. Additionally, Ashland has known or alleged potential environmental
liabilities at a number of third-party sites. Federal and state laws, including but not limited to the Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act (RCRA), the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) and
various other remediation laws, require that contamination caused by hazardous substance releases be assessed and, if necessary,
remediated to meet applicable standards. Some of these laws also provide for liability for related damage to natural resources,
and claims for alleged property and personal injury damage can also arise related to contaminated sites. Laws in other jurisdictions
in which Ashland operates require that contamination caused by such releases at these sites be assessed and, if necessary, remediated
to meet applicable standards.
Air - In the United States, the Clean Air Act (CAA) imposes stringent limits on facility air emissions, establishes a federally
mandated operating permit program, allows for civil and criminal enforcement actions and sets limits on the volatile or toxic
content of many types of industrial materials and consumer products. The CAA establishes national ambient air quality standards
(NAAQS) with attainment deadlines and control requirements based on the severity of air pollution in a given geographical
area. Various state clean air acts implement, complement and, in many instances, add to the requirements of the federal CAA. The
requirements of the CAA and its state counterparts have a significant impact on the daily operation of Ashland’s businesses and,
in many cases, on product formulation and other long-term business decisions. Other countries where Ashland operates also have
laws and regulations relating to air quality. Ashland’s businesses maintain numerous permits and emission control devices pursuant
to these clean air laws.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) has increased its frequency in reviewing the NAAQS. The
USEPAhas stringent standards for particulate matter, ozone and sulfur dioxide. Throughout 20 l 6, state and local agencies continued
to implement options for meeting the newest standards. Particulate matter strategies include dust control measures for construction
sites and reductions in emission rates allowed for industrial operations. Options for ozone include emission controls for certain
types of sources, reduced limits on the volatile organic compound content of industrial materials and consumer products, and
requirements on the transportation sector. Most options for sulfur dioxide focus on coal and diesel fuel combustion sources. It is
not possible at this time to estimate the potential financial impact that these newest standards may have on Ashland’s operations
or products. Ashland will continue to monitor and evaluate these standards to meet these and all air quality requirements.
Solid Waste - Ashland’s businesses are subject to various laws relating to and establishing standards for the management of
hazardous and solid waste. In the United States, Ashland’s facilities are subject to RCRA and its regulations governing generators
of hazardous waste. Ashland has implemented systems to oversee compliance with the RCRA regulations. In addition to regulating
current waste disposal practices, RCRA also addresses the environmental effects of certain past waste disposal operations, the
recycling of wastes and the storage of regulated substances in underground tanks. Ashland has the remediation liability for certain
facilities subject to these regulations. Other countries where Ashland operates also have laws and regulations relating to hazardous
and solid waste, and Ashland has systems in place to oversee compliance.
Water - Ashland’s businesses maintain numerous discharge permits. In the United States, such permits may be required by
the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System of the Clean Water Act and similar state programs. Other countries have
similar laws and regulations requiring permits and controls relating to water discharge.
Climate Change and Related Regulatory Developments - Ashland has been collecting energy use data and calculating
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions for many years. Ashland evaluates the potential impacts from both climate change and the
anticipated GHG regulations to facilities, products and other business interests, as well as the strategies commonly considered by
the industrial sector to reduce the potential impact of these risks. These risks are generally grouped as impacts from legislative,
regulatory and international developments, impacts from business and investment trends and impacts to company assets from the
physical effects of climate change. CurrentNorth American, European and other regional regulatory developments are not expected
to have a material effect on Ashland’s operations, although some facilities are subject to promulgated rules. Business and investment
trends are expected to drive an increase in the demand for products that improve energy efficiency, reduce energy use and increase
the use of renewable resources. At this time, Ashland cannot estimate the impact of this expected demand increase to its
businesses. Physical effects from climate change have the potential to affect Ashland’s assets in areas prone to sea level rise or
extreme weather events much as they do the general public and other businesses. Due to the uncertainty of these matters, Ashland
cannot estimate the impact at this time of GHG-related developments on its operations or financial condition.
Competition
Specialty Ingredients and Performance Materials compete in the highly fragmented specialty chemicals industry. The
participants in the industry offer a varied and broad array of product lines designed to meet specific customer
requirements. Participants compete with individual and service product offerings on a global, regional and/or local level subject
7