REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries
(the “Company”) as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, equity
and cash ﬂows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated
results of their operations and their cash ﬂows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2016, in conformity
with US. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016,
based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 21, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
Cincinnati, Ohio
November 21, 2016
F-4