(b) Hattiesburg, Mssissippi Resource Conservation ana’RecoveryAct Matter - InNovember 2008, the Mississippi Department
of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) issued a Notice of Violation to Hercules’ now-closed Hattiesburg, Mississippi manufacturing
facility alleging that a process water impoundment basin at the facility had been operated as a hazardous waste storage and treatment
facility without a permit in violation of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. In May 20 1 1, the USEPA issued an inspection
report from a September 2010 inspection with allegations similar to those of the MDEQ and promulgated an information request.
Ashland has been working with the MDEQ and USEPA to settle this matter in the context of the shutdown and ongoing remediation
of the Hattiesburg facility. The USEPA proposed a settlement penalty in excess of $100,000. While it is reasonable to believe
that this matter will involve a penalty from the MDEQ and/or the USEPA exceeding $100,000, the potential penalty with respect
to this enforcement matter should not be material to Ashland.
(c) Lower Passaic River New Jersey Matters - Ashland, through two formerly owned facilities, and ISP, through a now-closed
facility, have been identified as PRPs, along with approximately 70 other companies (the Cooperating Parties Group or the CPG),
in a May 2007 Administrative Order of Consent (AOC) with the USEPA. The parties are required to perform a remedial investigation
and feasibility study (RI/F S) of the entire 17 miles of the Passaic River. In June 2007, the EPA separately commenced a Focused
Feasibility Study (FFS) as an interim measure. In accordance with the 2007 AOC, in June 2012 the CPG voluntarily entered into
another AOC for an interim removal action focused solely at mile 10.9 of the Passaic River. The allocations for the 2007 AOC
and the 2012 removal action are based on interim allocations, are immaterial and have been accrued. In April 2014, the EPA
released the FF S. The CPG submitted the Draft RI/F S Report on April 30, 2015. The EPA has released the F F S Record of Decision
for the lower 8 miles and recently reached an agreement with Occidental to conduct and pay for the remedial design. The EPA
has advised that it will be working to secure similar agreements with other PRPs. The release of the FFS Record of Decision did
not have a material adverse impact on Ashland’s business and financial operations; however, there are a number of contingencies
in the future that could possibly have a material impact including adverse rulings or verdicts, allocation proceedings and related
orders.
For additional information regarding environmental matters and reserves, see Note O of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements in this annual report on Form 10-K.
Other Pending Legal Proceedings
In addition to the matters described above, there are other various claims, lawsuits and administrative proceedings pending
or threatened against Ashland and its current and former subsidiaries. Such actions are with respect to commercial matters, product
liability, toxic tort liability and other environmental matters which seek remedies or damages, some of which are for substantial
amounts. While Ashland cannot predict with certainty the outcome of such actions, it believes that adequate reserves have been
recorded and losses already recognized with respect to such actions were immaterial as of September 30, 2016. There is a reasonable
possibility that a loss exceeding amounts already recognized may be incurred related to these actions; however, Ashland believes
that such potential losses were immaterial as of September 30, 2016.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
ITEM X. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF ASHLAND
The following is a list of Ashland’s current executive officers, their ages and their positions and offices during the last five
years (listed alphabetically after Ashland’s Senior Vice Presidents).
WILLIAM A. WULFSOHN (age 54) is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. since
September 2016 and held the same positions at Ashland Inc. since January 1, 2015. Prior to joining Ashland, Mr. Wulfsohn served
as President and Chief Executive Officer of Carpenter Technology Corp, a manufacturer of stainless steel, titanium, and other
specialty metals and engineered products, from July 2010 to November 2014. Mr. Wulfsohn also served as a Director for Carpenter
Technology Corp. from April 2009 to November 2014. Mr. Wulfsohn serves as a director of PolyOne Corporation and as the non-
executive chairman and director of Valvoline Inc., a majority-owned subsidiary of Ashland.
J. KEVIN WILLIS (age 51) is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. since
September 2016. Mr. Willis held the same positions at Ashland Inc. and served in such capacities since May 2013. Mr. Willis
served as Vice President of Finance and Controller for the Specialty Ingredients business unit from August 2011 until May 2013
and Vice President of Finance and Treasurer from 2007 to 2011.
LUIS FERNANDEZ-MORENO (age 54) is Senior Vice President of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and President, Chemicals
Group since September 2016 and held the same positions with Ashland Inc. since April 2015. He previously served as Senior
Vice President of Ashland and President, Ashland Specialty Ingredients from October 2013 until April 2015. Prior to that, Mr.
17