“estimates,” “expects,” “is likely,” “predicts,” “projects,” “forecasts,” “may,” “will,” “should,” and “intends” and the negative of
these words or other comparable terminology. Although Ashland believes that its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions,
such expectations are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and may be beyond Ashland’s control. As a
result, Ashland cannot assure that the expectations contained in such statements will be achieved. Important factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in such statements are discussed under “Use of estimates, risks and
uncertainties” in Note A of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this annual report on Form 10-K. For a discussion of
other factors and risks that could affect Ashland’s expectations and operations, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in this annual report
on Form lO-K.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
The following discussion of “risk factors” identifies the most significant factors that may adversely affect Ashland’s business,
operations, financial position or future financial performance. This information should be read in conjunction with Management’s
Discussion and Analysis and the consolidated financial statements and related notes incorporated by reference into this annual
report on Form 10-K. The following discussion of risks is designed to highlight what Ashland believes are important factors to
consider when evaluating its expectations. These factors could cause future results to differ from those in forward-looking
statements and from historical trends.
Ashland has set aggressive growth goals for its businesses, including increasing sales, cash ﬂow and margins, in order to
achieve its long term strategic objectives. Ashland’s successful execution of its growth strategies and business plans to
facilitate that growth involves a number of risks.
Ashland has set aggressive growth goals for its businesses in order to meet long term strategic objectives and improve
shareholder value. Ashland’s failure to meet one or more of these goals or objectives would negatively impact Ashland’s potential
value and the businesses. One of the most important risks is that Ashland might fail to adequately execute its business and growth
plans. Aspects of that risk include changes to global economic environment, changes to the competitive landscape, attraction and
retention of skilled employees, the potential failure of product innovation plans, failure to comply with existing or new regulatory
schemes, failure to maintain a competitive cost structure and other risks outlined in greater detail in this Item 1A.
Failure to develop and market new products and production technologies could impact Ashland’s competitive position and
have an adverse effect on its businesses and results of operations.
The specialty chemical industry is subject to periodic technological change and ongoing product improvements. In order to
maintain margins and remain competitive, Ashland must successfully develop and introduce new products or improvements that
appeal to its customers and ultimately to global consumers. Ashland plans to grow earnings, in part, by focusing on developing
markets and solutions to meet increasing demand in those markets, including demand for personal care and pharmaceutical products
which are subject to lengthy regulatory approval processes. Ashland’s efforts to respond to changes in consumer demand in a
timely and cost-efficient manner to drive growth could be adversely affected by difficulties or delays in product development,
including the inability to identify viable new products, successfully complete research and development, obtain regulatory
approvals, obtain intellectual property protection or gain market acceptance of new products. Due to the lengthy development
process, technological challenges and intense competition, there can be no assurance that any of the products Ashland is currently
developing, or could develop in the future, will achieve substantial commercial success.
Ashland faces competition from other companies, which places downward pressure on prices and margins and may
adversely affect Ashland’s businesses and results of operations.
Ashland operates in highly competitive markets, competing against a number of domestic and foreign companies. Competition
is based on several key criteria, including product performance and quality, product price, product availability and security of
supply, responsiveness of product development in cooperation with customers and customer service, as well as the ability to bring
innovative products or services to the marketplace. Certain key competitors are significantly larger than Ashland and have greater
financial resources, leading to greater operating and financial ﬂexibility. As a result, these competitors may be better able to
withstand changes in conditions within the relevant industry, changes in the prices of raw materials and energy and changes in
general economic conditions. In addition, competitors’ pricing decisions could compel Ashland to decrease its prices, which could
negatively affect its margins and profitability. Additional competition in markets served by Ashland could adversely affect margins
and profitability and could lead to a reduction in market share. Also, Ashland competes in certain markets that are declining and
has targeted other markets for growth opportunities. If Ashland’s strategies for dealing with declining markets and leveraging
opportunity markets are not successful, its businesses and results of operations could be negatively affected.
9