NOTE A — SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(APBO). The PBO represents the actuarial present value of benefits expected to be paid upon retirement based on estimated future
compensation levels. The APBO represents the actuarial present value of postretirement benefits attributed to employee services
already rendered. The measurement of the benefit obligation is based on Ashland’s estimates and actuarial valuations. These
valuations reﬂect the terms of the plans and use participant-specific information such as compensation, age and years of service,
as well as certain key assumptions that require significant judgment, including, but not limited to, estimates of discount rates,
expected return on plan assets, rate of compensation increases, interest rates and mortality rates. The fair value of plan assets
represents the current market value of assets held by an irrevocable trust fund for the sole benefit of participants. For additional
information regarding plan assumptions and the current financial position of the pension and other postretirement plans, see Note N.
Ashland recognizes the change in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains and losses annually in the fourth quarter
of each fiscal year and whenever a plan is determined to qualify for a remeasurement. The remaining components of pension and
other postretirement benefits expense are recorded ratably on a quarterly basis. Pension and other postretirement benefits
adjustments charged directly to cost of sales that are applicable to inactive participants are excluded from inventoriable costs. The
service cost component of pension and other postretirement benefits costs is allocated to each reportable segment on a ratable
basis; while the remaining components of pension and other postretirement benefits costs are recorded to Unallocated and other.
Foreign currency translation
Operations outside the United States are measured primarily using the local currency as the functional currency. Upon
consolidation, the results of operations of the subsidiaries and affiliates whose functional currency is other than the US. dollar
are translated into US. dollars at the average exchange rates for the year while assets and liabilities are translated at year-end
exchange rates. Adjustments to translate assets and liabilities into US. dollars are recorded in the stockholders” equity section of
the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income and are included in net earnings
only upon sale or substantial liquidation of the underlying foreign subsidiary or affiliated company.
Stock incentive plans
Ashland recognizes compensation expense for stock incentive plans awarded to key employees and directors, primarily in
the form of stock appreciation rights (SARs), restricted stock and restricted stock units, performance shares and other non-vested
stock awards, that are generally based upon the grant-date fair value over the appropriate vesting period. Ashland utilizes several
industry accepted valuation models to determine the fair value. For further information concerning stock incentive plans, see Note
Q.
Earnings per share
The following is the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations attributable to
Ashland. Earnings per share are reported under the treasury stock method. Stock options and SARs for each reported year whose
grant price was greater than the market price of Ashland Common Stock at the end of each fiscal year were not included in the
computation of income from continuing operations per diluted share because the effect of these instruments would be
antidilutive. The total number of these shares outstanding was 1.2 million for 2016, 0.7 million for 2015 and 0.6 million for 2014.
(In millions except per share data) 2016 2015 2014
:Numerator :
Numerator for basic and diluted EPS -
Income from continuing operations attributable to Ashland, net of tax 733 2 7 7$ 191 7 7$ 72 7
Denominator
Denominator for basic EPS - Weighted-average
common shares outstanding 63 68 77
Share based awards convertible to common shares 1 1 l
Denominator for diluted EPS - Adjusted weighted- : : : : : :
average shares and assumed conversions 64 69 78
EPS from continuing operations attributable to Ashland : i l i l 77
Basic 39 0.03 $ 2.81 $ 0.94
Diluted 0.03 2.78 0.93
New accounting pronouncements
In August 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance on eight specific cash ﬂow classification issues. The amendments
in this guidance will become eﬁective retrospectively for Ashland on October 1, 2018. Early adoption is permitted in any interim
F -14