annual goodwill impairment assessment. If the implied control premium was not reasonable in light of this assessment, Ashland
would reevaluate its fair value estimates of the reporting units by adjusting the discount rates and other assumptions as necessary.
Other indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets
Other indefinite-lived intangible assets include certain trademarks and trade names. These assets had a carrying value of $301
million as of September 30, 2016. Ashland reviews these intangible assets for possible impairment annually or whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Ashland tests these assets using a “relief-
from-royalty” valuation method compared to the carrying value. Significant assumptions inherent in the valuation methodologies
for these intangibles include, but are not limited to, such estimates as projected business results, growth rates, weighted-average
cost of capital, and royalty rates. The assumptions utilized in the current year models are generally consistent with the prior year
models. In conjunction with the July 1 annual assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets, Ashland’s models did not indicate
any impairment, as each indefinite-lived intangible asset’s fair value exceeded their carrying values.
Ashland’s assessment of an impairment charge on any of these assets classified currently as having indefinite lives, including
goodwill, could change in future periods if any or all of the following events were to occur with respect to a particular reporting
unit: a significant change in projected business results, a divestiture decision, increase in Ashland’s weighted-average cost of
capital rates, decrease in growth rates or other assumptions, economic deterioration that is more severe or of a longer duration
than anticipated, or another significant economic event. For further information, see Note I of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.
Employee beneﬁt obligations
Pension plans
Ashland and its subsidiaries sponsor contributory and noncontributory qualified defined benefit pension plans that cover
certain employees in the United States and in a number of other countries. In addition, Ashland and its subsidiaries have non-
qualified unfunded pension plans which provide supplemental defined benefits to those employees whose beneﬁts under the
qualified pension plans are limited by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue
Code. Ashland funds the costs of the non-qualified plans as the benefits are paid. Pension obligations for applicable employees
of non-US. consolidated subsidiaries are provided for in accordance with local practices and regulations of the respective
countries. For further information, see Note N of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Other postretirement beneﬁt plans
Ashland and its subsidiaries sponsor health care and life insurance plans for eligible employees in the US. and Canada who
retire or are disabled. Ashland’s retiree life insurance plans are noncontributory, while Ashland shares the costs of providing health
care coverage with its retired employees through premiums, deductibles and coinsurance provisions. Ashland funds its share of
the costs of the postretirement benefit plans as the benefits are paid. For further information, see Note N of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements.
Plan transfers
During 2016, Ashland transferred a substantial portion of the largest U. S. qualified pension plan and non-qualiﬁed U. S. pension
plans as well as certain other postretirement benefit plans to Valvoline Inc. As of September 30, 2016, Valvoline Inc. ’s net pension
and other postretirement plan liabilities totaled approximately $900 million.
Pension and other postretirement beneﬁts costs methodology
Ashland recognizes the change in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains and losses annually in the fourth quarter
of each fiscal year and whenever a plan is determined to qualify for a remeasurement. The remaining components of pension and
other postretirement benefits expense are recorded ratably on a quarterly basis. Pension and other postretirement benefits
adjustments charged directly to cost of sales that are applicable to inactive participants are excluded from inventoriable costs. The
service cost component of pension and other postretirement benefits costs is allocated to each reportable segment on a ratable
basis; while the remaining components of pension and other postretirement benefits costs are recorded to Unallocated and other.
The following table discloses the components of the gain or loss on pension and other postretirement plan remeasurements
for each of the last three years.
M-35