separation agreement, the tax matters agreement, other ancillary agreements, the information statement to be distributed to Ashland’s
stockholders in connection with the final distribution and a number of other documents. In addition, the opinion will be based on
certain representations as to factual matters from, and certain covenants by, Ashland and Valvoline. The opinion cannot be relied
on if any of the assumptions, representations or covenants is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate or is violated in any material
respect. The opinion will be based on current law and cannot be relied upon if current law changes with retroactive effect.
The opinion of counsel will not be binding on the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) or the courts, and there can be no
assurance that the IRS or a court will not take a contrary position. Ashland has not requested, and does not intend to request, a
ruling from the IRS regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the final distribution.
If the final distribution were determined not to qualify for non-recognition of gain and loss, Ashland stockholders could be
subject to tax. In this case, each Ashland stockholder who receives Valvoline common stock in the final distribution would generally
be treated as receiving a distribution in an amount equal to the fair market value of the Valvoline common stock received, which
would generally result in (i) a taxable dividend to the Ashland stockholder to the extent of that Ashland stockholder ’s pro rata
share of Ashland’s current and accumulated earnings and profits; (ii) a reduction in the Ashland stockholder ’5 basis (but not below
zero) in Ashland common stock to the extent the amount received exceeds the stockholder’s share of Ashland’s earnings and profits;
and (iii) a taxable gain from the exchange of Ashland common stock to the extent the amount received exceeds the sum of the
Ashland stockholder’s share of Ashland’s earnings and profits and the Ashland stockholder ’5 basis in its Ashland common stock.
If the final distribution were determined not to qualify for non-recognition of gain and loss, then Ashland would recognize
gain in an amount up to the fair market value of the Valvoline common stock it distributed in the final distribution. In addition,
certain internal transactions undertaken in connection with the Reorganization could be determined to be taxable, which could
result in additional taxable gain.
The IPO and certain internal transactions undertaken in connection with the Reorganization could give rise to material
tax liabilities to Ashland.
Ashland expects that the IPO and certain internal transactions undertaken to effectuate the Reorganization should be nontaxable
transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes and has obtained written opinions of counsel to that effect. The opinions are
based on certain assumptions and representations as to factual matters from Ashland and Valvoline Inc., as well as certain covenants
by those parties. The opinions cannot be relied upon if any of the assumptions, representations or covenants is incorrect, incomplete
or inaccurate or is violated in any material respect. The opinions of counsel are not binding upon the IRS or the courts, and there
is no assurance that the IRS or a court will not take a contrary position. It is possible that the IRS or a state or local taxing authority
could take the position that those internal transactions or the receipt of proceeds of the IPO result in the recognition of significant
taxable gain by Ashland, in which case Ashland may be subject to material tax liabilities.
The U.S. federal income tax rules applicable to a tax-free ﬁnal distribution may restrict Ashland from engaging in certain
corporate transactions or from raising equity capital beyond certain thresholds for a period of time after the ﬁnal
distribution.
Section 355 (e) of the Code generally creates a presumption that the final distribution would be taxable to Ashland, but not to
its stockholders, if Ashland or Valvoline or their respective stockholders were to engage in transactions that result in a 50% or
greater change (by vote or value) in the ownership of the respective common stock of Ashland or Valvoline during the four-year
period beginning on the date that begins two years before the date of the final distribution, unless it were established that such
transactions and the final distribution were not part of a plan or series of related transactions. If the final distribution were taxable
for U.S. federal income tax purposes to Ashland due to a 50% or greater change in the ownership of Ashland’s or Valvoline’s
common stock, Ashland would recognize gain as if it had sold Valvoline common stock in a taxable transaction in an amount up
to the fair market value of the Valvoline common stock held by Ashland immediately before the final distribution. The tax liability
resulting from such gain could have a material impact on Ashland’s operations
An acquisition that occurs during the four-year period beginning on the date that begins two years before the date of the final
distribution is presumed to occur pursuant to a plan or series of related transactions, unless it is established that the acquisition is
not pursuant to a plan or series of transactions that includes the final distribution. U.S. Treasury regulations currently in effect
generally provide that whether an acquisition and a tax-free distribution of common stock are part of a plan is determined based
on all of the facts and circumstances, including, but not limited to, specific factors described in the U.S. Treasury regulations. In
addition, the U.S. Treasury regulations also provide several “safe harbors” for acquisitions that are not considered to be part of a
plan.
In addition, the final distribution would not qualify for non-recognition of gain or loss to Ashland and its stockholders if it
were determined to be a “device” for the distribution of earnings and profits. An acquisition of Ashland’s or Valvoline’s common
stock might be considered to be evidence that the final distribution was a “device” unless Ashland and Valvoline could demonstrate,
based on all of the facts and circumstances, that they did not plan or anticipate such an acquisition or certain other exceptions
l3