use across multiple industries. Key technologies and markets include: acrylic polymers for pressure-sensitive adhesives;
urethane adhesive for ﬂexible packaging applications; aqueous and radiation-curable adhesives and specialty coatings
for printing and converting applications; emulsion polymer isocyanate adhesives for structural wood bonding; elastomeric
polymer adhesives for commercial roofing applications; acrylic, polyurethane and epoxy structural adhesives for bonding
fiberglass reinforced plastics, composites, thermoplastics and metals in automotive, marine, recreational and industrial
applications; specialty phenolic resins for paper impregnation and friction material bonding. Adhesive Specialties’
products provide an array of functional properties including high-strength bonding, ease and speed of product assembly,
heat and moisture resistance and design ﬂexibility.
- Performance - Performance Specialties provides products and services to over 30 industries. Ashland offers a broad
spectrum of organo- and water-soluble polymers that are derived from both natural and synthetic resources. Product lines
include derivatized cellulose polymers, synthetics, guar and guar derivatives that impart effective functionalities to serve
a variety of industrial markets and specialized applications. Many of the products within Performance Specialties function
as performance additives that deliver high levels of end-user value in formulated products. In other areas, such as plastics
and textiles, Performance Specialties’ products function as a processing aid, improving the quality of end products and
reducing manufacturing costs.
Specialty Ingredients’ cellulosics products were approximately 38% and 16% of Specialty Ingredients’ sales and Ashland’s
total consolidated sales, respectively, for fiscal 2016.
Specialty Ingredients operates throughout the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific. It has 27 manufacturing facilities in eight
countries which serve both the Consumer Specialties and Industrial Specialties divisions and participates in two joint
ventures. Specialty Ingredients has manufacturing facilities in Huntsville, Alabama; Wilmington, Delaware; Dalton, Georgia;
Calumet City, Illinois; Calvert City, Kentucky; Freetown, Massachusetts; Chatham and Parlin, New Jersey; Columbus, Hilliard
and Ashland, Ohio; White City, Oregon; Piedmont, South Carolina; Kenedy and Texas City, Texas and Hopewell, Virginia within
the United States and Doel-Beveren, Belgium; Cabreuva, Brazil; Jiangmen and Nanjing, China; Alizay and Sophia Antipolis,
France; Memmingen, Germany; Zwijndrecht, the Netherlands and Kidderminster, Newton Aycliffe and Poole, United
Kingdom. Specialty Ingredients currently operates two production facilities through a joint venture in Luzhou and Suzhou, China.
Specialty Ingredients markets and distributes its products and services directly and through third-party distributors in the
Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific.
ASHLAND PERFORMANCE MATERIALS
Ashland Performance Materials (Performance Materials) is a global leader in unsaturated polyester resins and vinyl ester
resins. The business unit has leading positions in gelcoats, maleic anhydride, butanediol, tetrahydrofuran, N-Methylpyrrolidone
and other intermediates and solvents. Performance Materials’ Composites division helps customers create stronger, lighter, more
corrosion-resistant substitutes for traditional materials through higher performing, cost-eﬁicient resin technologies that improve
the manufacturing, fabrication and design process. Applied industries include construction, transportation, infrastructure, and
boatbuilding. The Intermediates and Solvents division provides butanediol and its derivatives to the chemical process industry,
plastics manufacturers, and electronics markets, among others.
Key customers include manufacturers of residential and commercial building products, industrial product specifiers and
manufacturers, wind blade manufacturers, pipe manufacturers, automotive and truck OEM suppliers, boatbuilders, chemical
producers and electronics makers.
Performance Materials is composed of the following divisions:
Composites - The Composites division manufactures and sells a broad range of general-purpose and high-performance grades
of unsaturated polyester and vinyl ester resins, gelcoats and low-profile additives for the reinforced plastics industry. Key markets
include the transportation, construction, marine and infrastructure end markets. Performance Materials’ composite products
provide an array of functional properties including corrosion resistance, fire retardance, ultraviolet resistance, water and chemical
resistance, high mechanical strength, impact and scratch resistance and high strength-to-weight ratios. In addition, the division
also manufactures and sells molten maleic anhydride for the manufacture of a variety of products such as unsaturated polyester
resins, copolymers, lubricating oil additives, alkenyl succinic anhydrides, malic acid, fumaric acid and numerous derivative
chemicals. Molten maleic anhydride is supplied both to Ashland businesses who consume it as a raw material, primarily in North
America, and to the merchant market.
Intermediates and Solvents - The Intermediates and Solvents (I&S) division is a leading producer of 1,4 butanediol and its
derivatives, including tetrahydrofuran and n-methylpyrrolidone. These products are used as chemical intermediates in the
production of engineering polymers and polyurethanes, and as specialty process solvents in a wide array of applications including
4