NOTE A — SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
Income taxes
Ashland is subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment in the
forecasting of taxable income using historical and projected future operating results is required in determining Ashland’s provision
for income taxes and the related assets and liabilities. The provision for income taxes includes income taxes paid, currently payable
or receivable, and deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting
and tax basis of assets and liabilities, and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the
differences reverse. Deferred tax assets are also recognized for the estimated future effects of tax loss carryforwards. The effect
on deferred taxes of changes in tax rates is recognized in the period in which the enactment date occurs. Valuation allowances are
established when necessary on a jurisdictional basis to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized. In the
event that the actual outcome of future tax consequences differs from Ashland’s estimates and assumptions due to changes or
future events such as tax legislation, geographic mix of earnings, completion of tax audits or earnings repatriation plans, the
resulting change to the provision for income taxes could have a material effect on the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive
Income and Consolidated Balance Sheets. For additional information on income taxes, see Note M.
A progression of activity in the tax valuation allowances for both continuing and discontinued operations is presented in the
following table.
(In millions) 2016 2015 2014
Tax valuation allowances - beginning of year $ 107 $ 148 $ 166 7
Adjustments to net income 43 (27) (5)
Reserves utilized (8) (14) (14)
Other changes — — 1
Tax valuation allowances - end of year :$ 142 :$ 107 :$ 148
Asbestos-related litigation
Ashland is subject to liabilities from claims alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos. Such claims result from
indemnification obligations undertaken in 1990 in connection with the sale of Riley Stoker Corporation (Riley) and the acquisition
of Hercules Incorporated (Hercules) in November 2008. Although Riley, a former subsidiary, was neither a producer nor a
manufacturer of asbestos, its industrial boilers contained some asbestos-containing components provided by other
companies. Hercules, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Ashland, has liabilities from claims alleging personal injury caused
by exposure to asbestos. Such claims typically arise from alleged exposure to asbestos fibers from resin encapsulated pipe and
tank products sold by one of Hercules’ former subsidiaries to a limited industrial market.
Ashland retained Hamilton, Rabinovitz & Associates, Inc. (HR&A) to assist in developing and annually updating independent
reserve estimates for future asbestos claims and related costs given various assumptions. The methodology used by HR&A to
project future asbestos costs is based largely on Ashland’s recent experience, including claim-filing and settlement rates, disease
mix, enacted legislation, open claims, and litigation defense. Ashland’s claim experience is compared to the results of previously
conducted epidemiological studies estimating the number of people likely to develop asbestos-related diseases. Those studies
were undertaken in connection with national analyses of the population expected to have been exposed to asbestos. Using that
information, HR&A estimates a range of the number of future claims that may be filed, as well as the related costs that may be
incurred in resolving those claims. From the range of estimates, Ashland records the amount it believes to be the best estimate of
future payments for litigation defense and claim settlement costs. For additional information on asbestos-related litigation, see
Note 0.
Environmental remediation
Accruals for environmental remediation are recognized when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of
that liability can be reasonably estimated. Such costs are charged to expense if they relate to the remediation of conditions caused
by past operations or are not expected to mitigate or prevent contamination from future operations. Liabilities are recorded at
estimated cost values based on experience, assessments and current technology, without regard to any third-party recoveries and
are regularly adjusted as environmental assessments and remediation efforts continue. For additional information on environmental
remediation, see Note 0.
Pension and other postretirement beneﬁts
The funded status of Ashland’s pension and other postretirement benefit plans is recognized in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation at
September 30, the measurement date. For defined benefit pension plans, the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
(PEG) and for the other postretirement benefit plans, the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
F -13