NOTE A — SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
or annual period. Ashland is currently evaluating the impact this guidance may have on Ashland’s Consolidated Financial
Statements.
In March 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance for certain aspects of share-based payments to employees. This
guidance requires all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to share-based payments to be recognized as income tax
expense in the income statement instead of additional paid in capital, and changes the classification of excess tax benefits from a
ﬁnancing activity to an operating activity within the statement of cash ﬂows. This guidance also allows entities to make an
accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest or account for forfeitures when they
occur. Lastly, this guidance increases the amount an employer can withhold to cover income taxes on awards and still qualify for
equity classification and requires that cash paid by an employer when directly withholding shares for tax-withholding purposes
be classified as a financing activity within the statement of cash ﬂows. The guidance will become effective for Ashland on October
1, 2017. Ashland is currently evaluating the impact this guidance may have on Ashland’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
In February 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance related to lease transactions. The main objective of this guidance
is to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring lessees to recognize assets and liabilities on the
balance sheet for the rights and obligations created by leases and to disclose key information about leasing arrangements. The
presentation of the statements of comprehensive income and the statements of cash ﬂows is largely unchanged under this guidance.
This guidance retains a distinction between finance leases and operating leases, and the classification criteria for distinguishing
between finance leases and operating leases are substantially similar to the classification criteria for distinguishing between capital
leases and operating leases in the current accounting literature. The guidance will become effective for Ashland on October 1,
2019. Ashland is currently evaluating the impact this guidance may have on Ashland’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
In January 2016, the FASB issued accounting guidance related to the recognition and measurement of financial assets and
ﬁnancial liabilities. The main objective of this guidance is enhancing the reporting model for financial instruments to provide
users of financial statements with more decision-useful information. The amendments in this guidance address certain aspects of
recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The guidance also eliminates the requirement for
public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be
disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet and clarifies that an entity should evaluate the
need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for—sale securities in combination with the entity’s other
deferred tax assets. The guidance will become effective for Ashland on October 1, 2018. Early application to financial statements
of fiscal years or interim periods that have not yet been issued is permitted as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption.
Ashland is currently evaluating the impact this guidance may have on Ashland’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
In November 2015, the FASB issued accounting guidance requiring all deferred tax assets and liabilities to be classified as
noncurrent on the balance sheet instead of separating deferred taxes into current and noncurrent amounts. During 2016, Ashland
adopted this new guidance and applied it retrospectively to the September 30, 2015 Consolidated Balance Sheet. The impact of
this new guidance within this statement resulted in the reclassification of net current deferred taxes of $ 149 million with an increase
to noncurrent deferred tax assets of $ 145 million and a decrease to noncurrent deferred tax liabilities of $4 million.
In July 2015, the FASB issued accounting guidance to simplify the subsequent measurement of certain inventories by replacing
the current lower of cost or market test with a lower of cost and net realizable value test. The guidance applies only to inventories
for which cost is determined by methods other than last—in first-out and the retail inventory method. This guidance will become
effective prospectively for Ashland on October 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted. Ashland is currently evaluating the new
accounting standard and the impact this new guidance will have on Ashland’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
In April 2015, the FASB issued accounting guidance to help entities evaluate the accounting for fees paid by a customer in a
cloud computing arrangement. Cloud computing arrangements represent the delivery of hosted services over the internet which
includes software, platforms, infrastructure and other hosting arrangements. Under the guidance, customers that gain access to
software in a cloud computing arrangement account for the software as internal-use software only if the arrangement includes a
software license. This guidance will become effective prospectively for Ashland on October 1, 2016.
In April 2015 and August 2015, the FASB issued accounting guidance to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs by
requiring that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from
the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt
issuance costs were not affected by this amendment. The adoption of the new guidance was on a retrospective basis. As a result
of Ashland electing to early adopt this guidance during 2015, $28 million of debt issuance costs was presented as long-term debt
as of September 30, 2015.
In May 2014, the FASB issued accounting guidance outlining a single comprehensive five step model for entities to use in
accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers (ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers). The new
guidance supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, in an eﬁort to converge the revenue recognition principles within
US. GAAP. This new guidance also requires entities to disclose certain quantitative and qualitative information regarding the
nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of qualifying revenue and cash ﬂows arising from contracts with customers. Entities have
F -15