to the nature of the businesses and products, as well as the end-markets and customers served. Competition is based on several
key criteria, including product performance and quality, product price, product availability and security of supply, responsiveness
of product development in cooperation with customers, customer service, industry knowledge and technical capability. Certain
key competitors are significantly larger than Ashland and have greater financial resources, leading to greater operating and financial
ﬂexibility. The industry has become increasingly global as participants have focused on establishing and maintaining leadership
positions outside of their home markets. Many of these segments’ product lines face domestic and international competition, as
a result of industry consolidation, pricing pressures and competing technologies.
Valvoline operates in highly competitive markets and faces competition in each of its product categories and subcategories.
In the United States and Canada, its principal competitors for retail customers are global integrated oil brands, such as Shell, which
produces Pennzoil and Quaker State, BP, which produces Castrol, and Exxon Mobil, the producer of Mobill, mid-tier brands, and
private label producers. With respect to installer customers in the United States and Canada, Valvoline competes with these major
integrated oil brands and regional private label companies. Valvoline also competes with other major franchised brands that offer
a turn-key operations management system, such as Jiffy Lube (owned by Shell), Grease Monkey and Express Oil Change, as well
as national branded companies that offer a professional signage program with limited business model support, similar to its Express
Care network, and regional players such as Super-Lube and American Lube Fast that are not directly affiliated with a major brand.
Valvoline also competes to some degree with automotive dealerships and service stations, which provide quick lube and other
preventative maintenance services. Jiffy Lube is currently the largest player, with just over 1,900 stores, all of which are owned
and operated by franchisees. The major competitors of the Valvoline International market vary by region. Valvoline generally
faces strong competition from global integrated oil brands, as these companies have a particularly strong presence in Europe and
Asia. In certain markets it also competes with regional brands, including brands produced by national oil companies, such as
Sinopec in China and Indian Oil in India. Competitive factors in all of these markets include price, product or service technology,
brand awareness and loyalty, customer service and sales and marketing. Certain of Valvoline’s products also compete on the basis
of shelf space and product packaging.
Intellectual Property
Ashland has a broad intellectual property portfolio which is an important component of all of Ashland’s reportable segments. In
particular, Ashland’s Specialty Ingredients and Performance Materials reportable segments rely on patents, trade secrets, formulae
and know-how to protect and differentiate their products and technologies. In addition, these reportable segments own valuable
trademarks which identify and differentiate Ashland’s products from its competitors. The ValvolineTM trademark and other
trademarks related to Valvoline brand products and franchises are of particular importance to the Valvoline brand segment and the
overall Ashland business. Ashland also licenses intellectual property rights from third-parties.
Raw Materials
Ashland purchases its raw materials from multiple sources of supply in the United States and other countries, and believes
that raw material supplies will be available in quantities sufficient to meet demand in ﬁscal 2017. All of Ashland’s reportable
segments were impacted to varying degrees in fiscal 2016 by the volatility of raw materials costs, and these conditions may continue
in fiscal 2017.
Research and Development
Ashland’s program of research and development is focused on defining the needs of the marketplace and framing those needs
into technology platforms. Ashland has the capability to deliver and develop the intellectual property required to grow and protect
those platforms. Ashland is focused on developing new chemistries, market-changing technologies and customer driven solutions
at numerous technology centers located in the Americas, Europe and the Asia Pacific region. Research and development costs are
expensed as they are incurred and totaled $100 million in 2016, $110 million in 2015 and $114 million in 2014. These amounts
include impairment charges of $11 million and $13 million during 2015 and 2014, respectively, related to certain in-process
research and development assets associated with the 201 1 acquisition of International Specialty Products Inc. (ISP). For additional
information regarding these impairment charges, see Note I of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this annual report
on Form 10-K.
Seasonality
Ashland’s business may vary due to seasonality. Ashland’s business units typically experience stronger demand during warmer
weather months, which generally occur during Ashland’s third and fourth quarters.
Forward-Looking Statements
This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). These
forward-looking statements are not historical facts and generally are identified by words such as “anticipates,” “believes,”
8