Pension annuity program
On September 15, 2016, Valvoline Inc. purchased a non-participating annuity contract with pension plan assets from Prudential
Insurance Company of America (Prudential) to pay and administer future pension benefits for 14,800 participants within the
primary U.S. pension plan. Ashland transferred approximately $378 million of the outstanding pension benefit obligation to
Prudential in exchange for pension trust assets whose value approximated the liability value. The annuity purchase transaction
did not generate a material settlement adjustment during 2016. Prudential has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the full
payment of benefits to plan participants associated with the annuity purchase and benefit payments will be in the same form that
was in eﬁect under the Plan. Prudential has also assumed all investment risk associated with the pension assets that were delivered
as annuity contract premiums.
Intermediates/Solvents Impairment
Ashland recorded a non-cash long-lived asset impairment of $181 million during the fourth quarter of 2016 with respect to
its Intermediates/ S olvents division, a component within the Performance Materials reportable segment. Throughout 2016,
increasing levels of overcapacity for butanediol in the market and resulting weak pricing had a cumulating negative impact on the
financial performance of the Intermediates/ Solvents division. The deterioration in the butanediol commodity market during 2016
led to reductions in forecasts resulting in the non-cash impairment charge.
Oil Can Henry’s
On December 11, 2015, Ashland announced that it signed a definitive agreement to acquire OCH International, Inc. (Oil Can
Henry’s), which was the 13th largest quick-lube network in the United States, servicing approximately 1 million vehicles annually
with 89 quick-lube stores, consisting of 47 company-owned stores and 42 franchise locations, in Oregon, Washington, California,
Arizona, Idaho and Colorado. On February 1, 2016, Ashland completed the acquisition.
The acquisition of Oil Can Henry ’s was valued at $72 million, which included acquired indebtedness of$11 million and other
working capital adjustments. Net of acquired indebtedness and certain purchase price adjustments, the net cash outlay was $62
million during 2016. The purchase price allocation primarily included $83 million of goodwill.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — CONSOLIDATED REVIEW
Use of non-GAAP measures
Ashland has included within this document the following non-GAAP measures, on both a consolidated and reportable segment
basis, which are not defined within US. GAAP and do not purport to be alternatives to net income or cash ﬂows from operating
activities as a measure of operating performance or cash ﬂows:
- EBITDA - net income (loss), plus income tax expense (benefit), net interest and other financing expenses, and
depreciation and amortization.
- Adjusted EBITDA - EBITDA adjusted for noncontrolling interests, discontinued operations, net gain (loss) on
acquisitions and divestitures, other income and (expense) and key items (including the remeasurement gains and
losses related to pension and other postretirement plans).
- Adjusted EBITDA margin - Adjusted EBITDA, which can include pro forma adjustments, divided by sales.
- Free cash ﬂow - operating cash ﬂows less capital expenditures and certain other adjustments as applicable.
Management believes the use of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA measures on a consolidated and reportable segment basis
assists investors in understanding the ongoing operating performance by presenting comparable financial results between periods.
Ashland believes that by removing the impact of depreciation and amortization and excluding certain non-cash charges, amounts
spent on interest and taxes and certain other charges that are highly variable from year to year, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA
provide Ashland’s investors with performance measures that reﬂect the impact to operations from trends in changes in sales, margin
and operating expenses, providing a perspective not immediately apparent from net income and operating income. The adjustments
Ashland makes to derive the non-GAAP measures of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA exclude items which may cause short-term
ﬂuctuations in net income and operating income and which Ashland does not consider to be the fundamental attributes or primary
drivers of its business. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provide disclosure on the same basis as that used by Ashland’s management
to evaluate financial performance on a consolidated and reportable segment basis and provide consistency in our financial reporting,
facilitate internal and external comparisons of Ashland’s historical operating performance and its business units and provide
continuity to investors for comparability purposes.
The free cash ﬂow metric enables Ashland to provide a better indication of the ongoing cash being generated that is ultimately
available for both debt and equity holders as well as other investment opportunities. Unlike cash ﬂow provided by operating
activities, free cash ﬂow includes the impact of capital expenditures from continuing operations, providing a more complete picture
M-S