Ashland may not be able to make alternative supply arrangements. Also, domestic and global government regulations related to
the manufacture or transport of certain raw materials may impede Ashland’s ability to obtain those raw materials on commercially
reasonable terms. If Ashland is unable to obtain and retain qualified suppliers under commercially acceptable terms, its ability to
manufacture and deliver products in atimely, competitive and proﬁtable manner or grow its business successfully could be adversely
affected.
Imposition of new taxes, disagreements with tax authorities or additional tax liabilities could adversely affect Ashland’s
business, ﬁnancial condition, reputation or results of operations.
Ashland’s products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold in more than 100 countries and territories. As such, Ashland
is subject to myriad tax laws and regulations applicable in those countries and territories, as well as those of the United States and
its various state and local governments. Economic and political pressure to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions where Ashland
operates or does business, or the adoption of new or reformed tax regulations, may make resolving tax disputes more difficult, and
the final resolution of tax audits and any related litigation may differ from our historical provisions and accruals resulting in an
adverse impact on our business, financial condition, reputation or results of operations.
Ashland’s operations outside the United States generate a significant portion of its net revenues, and repatriation of foreign
earnings to the United States could adversely affect its business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition to tax
reform strategies being considered in the United States, many other countries, including countries in which Ashland has significant
operations, are actively considering changes to existing tax laws. Changes in how United States multinational corporations are
taxed on earnings could adversely affect Ashland’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
Valvoline is now a publicly traded company with separate risks disclosed in ﬁlings with the SEC. Ashland’s plan to
completely separate from Valvoline is subject to various risks and uncertainties and may not be completed in accordance
with the expected plans or anticipated timeline, or at all, and will continue to involve signiﬁcant time and expense, any of
which could negatively impact our businesses.
On September 22, 2015, Ashland announced plans to separate its Valvoline business from its specialty chemicals businesses
in a structure that is expected to be tax free for Ashland shareholders. On April 13, 2016, Ashland announced that it would pursue
an initial public offering of up to 20 percent of the common stock of Valvoline as a first step in the separation. On September 22,
2016, Ashland and Valvoline Inc. announced the pricing of the IPO of Valvoline Inc’s common stock at a price to the public of
$22.00 per share. The IPO closed on September 28, 2016, resulting in approximately 17% of Valvoline’s stock being publicly
traded. The oﬁering of shares of Valvoline was made by a prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by
Valvoline Inc. on September 19, 2016 and the risks associated with investing in Valvoline are described in that amended form S-1
prospectus and in subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission made by Valvoline Inc.
Ashland presently intends to distribute the remaining Valvoline Inc. shares in 2017 following the release of March-quarter
earnings results by both Ashland and Valvoline Inc. The final distribution is subject to final approval from Ashland’s board of
directors. In addition, other unanticipated developments, including changes to the competitive environment for Valvoline’s or
Ashland’s respective businesses, possible delays in obtaining or failure to obtain tax opinions, regulatory or other approvals or
clearances to approve or facilitate the separation, uncertainty in financial markets and other challenges in executing the separation
as planned, could delay or prevent the final distribution, or cause the final distribution to occur on terms or conditions that are
different or less favorable than expected.
Ashland expects that the process of completing the final distribution will continue to be time-consuming and may involve
significant costs and expenses, which may be significantly higher than those currently anticipated and may not yield a discernible
benefit if the final distribution is not completed. Also, the time and energy required from Ashland’s senior management and other
employees to plan and execute the ﬁnal distribution may lead to increased costs, increased expenses, negative effects on relationships
with business partners, suppliers, and customers, disruptions in operations and ultimately harm its businesses. Ashland may also
experience difficulty attracting, retaining and motivating employees during the pendency of the ﬁnal distribution, which could
also harm its businesses.
If the final distribution is completed, there is a further risk that the sum of the value of the two independent, publicly traded
companies will be less than the value of Ashland before the final distribution. There is also a risk that the completed ﬁnal distribution
will not meet all of the intended ﬁnancial, strategic, and operational benefits that were the impetus for the decision to separate the
companies.
The ﬁnal distribution could result in signiﬁcant tax liability to Ashland and its stockholders.
Ashland expects to obtain a written opinion of counsel to the effect that the final distribution should qualify for non-recognition
of gain and loss under Section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). The opinion of counsel would
not address any US. state or local or foreign tax consequences of the final distribution. The opinion will assume that the final
distribution will be completed according to the terms of the separation agreement and will rely on the facts as described in the
12