Board of Directors Executive Ofﬁcers Corporate
Brendan M. Cumminsmt William A. Wulfsohn GOverrlCmCe
Former Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, 3 Chairman and 3 .
Ciba Specialty Chemicals 3 Chief Executive Ofﬁcer ; Ashb‘md “governed by a 10'membe" board
5 5 of directors, nine of whom are independent
William G. Dempsey “12) Luis Fernandez-Moreno directors under New York Stock Exchange
Former Executive Vice President, Sr. Vice President and President, (NYSE) guidelines. The board conducted
Global Pharmaceuticals, 2 Chemicals Group 5 11 meetings in ﬁscal 2016. During ﬁscal
Abeii Laboratories 2 P T J G E 2016, the board operated the following
3 e er . Cil’iZ : . . . .
- - committees, all of which consisted entirely
' i, 2 : ' ' :
Siephen F- Kirk ( ) c 5 Sr' V'Ce PreS'dem' General 3 of outside directors: Audit; Environmental,
Former Sr. Vice PreSIdent and Counsel and Secretary Health, Safety and Quality; Governance
Ewe: gperﬁgng omier' J Kevin Willis 3 and Nominating; and Personnel and
e U “20 orpora Ion I i - - 3 Com ensation These four committees
I Sr. Vlce PreSIdent and : p '
Vada O. Manageri‘r30'4) Chief Financial Ofﬁcer met a total 0102.6 t‘mes' Th” ‘70”de .
President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, 3 . E quartérly meetmgs Ofthe Audlt committee
Manager Global Consulting Group 5 Gregory W. E||lott f to review Ashland’s quarterly ﬁnancial
on d 5 Vice President and 3 performance, associated news releases, and
Sr. Counselor, APCO Worldwide Chief Human Resources and Form 10-Q and Form 10-Kﬁlings with the
Communications Ofﬁcer U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Barry W. Perry (31403) . . . Ashland’s Chief Executive Oﬁ‘icer (CEO) and
Former Chairman and Chief f J'.W|”l0m .Helfmon f ChiefFinancial Oﬁ‘icer have each submitted
Executive Ofﬁcer, Engelhard Corp. E Vlce PreSIdem and COhTrOller f certiﬁcations concerning the accuracy of
Mark C Rohr (L 2) Ann 6 T. S Chumcmn ﬁnancial and other information in Ashland’s
Chairman and Chief Executive 2 Vice President and Chief Information 5 annual reporton Form 10'K’ as required by
I - - - - 2 Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
omcer Celonese Cor ; and Administrative SerVIces Ofﬁcer ;
’ p' g 3 2002. The certiﬁcations are ﬁled as exhibits
George A Schoefer Jr (1a, 4) Keith C. Silverman, PhD to Ashland’s 2016 annual report on Form
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Vice President, Environmental, Health 10-K. In addition, the NYSE requires that
ofﬁce], Fifth Third Bancorp and Safety, and the CEO of listed companies annually certify
2 Product Regulatory E that he or she is not aware of any violation by
Janice J. Teal, Ph.D. m 4) f f the company of NYSE corporate governance
Former Group Vice President listing standards. Ashland’s Chairman
and Chief Scientiﬁc Ofﬁcer, i C orp ora te Oiﬁ C ers and CEO. William A. Wuirsohn, certiﬁed
Avon Products Inc. 5 3 Ashland’s compliance with the NYSE
3 Eric N. Boni S - -
Michael J Ward (3'4) 3 Vice Pregdem and Treasurer 3 corporate governance listing standards on
. ' _ . ; ; February 23, 2016.
Chairman and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, 3 h G H 3
CSX Corp. Jo n P. oswe ;
Vice President, Internal AUCiii' *This Annual Report includes certain non-GAAP
William A. WUIfSOhnb measures. Such measurements are not prepared
Chairman and SCOH- A. Gregg glaccorflange With U|}S.GA1AP<:nd shouldjnot
: . . z e cons rue OS an O erna IVe orepor e
Chief ExeCUi'ive Ofﬁcer, Vlce PreSIdenT' Tax 2 results determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
: Management believes the use of such non-GAAP
Ashland
John W. JOy measures assists investors in understanding the
- - ongoing operating performance of the company
2 Vlce PreSIdenT’ corporate : and its segments. The non-GAAP information provided
Development may not be consistent with the methodologies used
E S byothercomponies.A||non-GAAPomountshove
Mich0e| S. Roe been reconciled with reported U.S. GAAP results,
° 2 . . . : which are included in the “Management’s Discussion
2 commlﬁees Chlef Compllonce Omcer' ASSOCIGTe and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
E (i) Audii ; 3 General Counsel 3 Operations" section of this Annual Report.
(2) EnVirOnmgnTOl’ Health’ safety and ASSiSTCmT secretory Forward-Looking Statements: This Annual Report
2 and QUOMY : : includes forward-looking statements, as described in
5 (3) Governance and Nominating 5 3 3 the enclosed Form iO-K.
E (4) Personnel and Compensation : 5 3
5 ° Committee chair 3 E 3
3 bOfﬁcer/Director
C Lead Independent Director 5
/ 9 ashlandégoiin