electronics, construction, and active pharmaceutical ingredient manufacture. Butanediol is also supplied to Specialty Ingredients
for use as a raw material.
Performance Materials’ composites products were approximately 72% and 14% of Performance Materials’ sales and Ashland’s
total consolidated sales, respectively, for ﬁscal 2016.
Performance Materials operates throughout the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific. It has 15 manufacturing facilities in seven
countries. Composites has manufacturing plants in Fort Smith and Jacksonville, Arkansas; Commerce, California; Bartow, Florida;
Neville Island and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; and Neal, West Virginia within the United States and Aracariguama, Brazil;
Changzhou, China; Porvoo, Finland; Miszewo, Poland; and Benicarlo, Spain. I&S has manufacturing facilities in Lima, Ohio and
Marl, Germany.
Performance Materials markets and distributes its products directly and through third-party distributors in the Americas,
Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific. Additionally, Performance Materials has a joint venture agreement through
which it manufactures products in two manufacturing plants in Saudi Arabia.
VALVOLINE
Valvoline delivers premium-branded automotive, commercial and industrial lubricants and automotive chemicals. It operates
and franchises 1,068 Valvoline Instant Oil ChangeSM centers in the United States. It markets ValvolineTM lubricants and automotive
chemicals; MaxLifeTM lubricants for cars with higher mileage engines; SynPowerTM synthetic motor oil; and ZerexTM antifreeze.
On September 28, 2016, Valvoline Inc. completed an initial public oﬂering of 34.5 million shares of its common stock, with
Ashland continuing to own 170 million shares of Valvoline Inc’s common stock, representing approximately 83% of the total
outstanding shares of Valvoline’s common stock. Valvoline’s common stock began trading September 23, 2016, on the New York
Stock Exchange under the symbol “VVV.”
Key customers include retail auto parts stores and mass merchandisers who sell to consumers; installers, such as car dealers,
repair shops and quick lubes; commercial ﬂeets; and distributors. Certain customer relationships are significant, and the loss of
any one of those customers could have a material adverse effect on the Valvoline business unit.
The Valvoline reportable segment is composed of the following divisions:
Core North America - The “Do-It-Yourself’ or “DIY” channel sells ValvolineTM and other branded and private label products
to consumers who perform their own automotive maintenance. These products are sold through retail outlets such as AutoZone,
O’Reilly Auto Parts and Advance Auto Parts. Valvoline also sells branded products and services to installer customers such as car
dealers, general repair shops and quick lubes locations, including Goodyear, Monro, Express Oil Change, TBC Retail Group and
Sears, directly and through distributors. The installer channel team also sells branded products and solutions to heavy duty
customers, such as on-highway ﬂeets and construction companies, and has a strategic relationship with Cummins Inc. (Cummins)
for co-branding products in the heavy duty business.
Quick Lubes - The Valvoline Instant Oil ChangeSM (VIOC) chain is the second largest US. retail quick lube service chain by
number of stores, providing Valvoline with a significant presence in the passenger car and light truck quick lube market. As of
September 30, 2016, 342 company-owned and 726 franchised VIOC centers were operating in 44 states. VIOC centers oﬁer
consumers a quick, easy and trusted way to maintain their vehicles, utilizing well trained technicians who have access to a proprietary
computer-based point-of-sale technology system and a proprietary service process that sets forth rigorous protocols for both the
steps that must be followed in the service of vehicles and for interactions with consumers. In addition, the Quick Lubes market
includes the Express CareTM platform, which is a quick lube customer platform developed for independent operators who purchase
Valvoline motor oil and other products pursuant to contracts while displaying Valvoline branded signage. During February 2016,
Ashland completed the acquisition of Oil Can Henry’s resulting in the addition of 89 quick-lube stores.
International - Outside of North America, Valvoline International sells ValvolineTM and other branded products through wholly-
owned afﬁliates, joint ventures, licensees and independent distributors in approximately 140 countries. Valvoline International
operates joint ventures with Cummins in Argentina, China and India. In addition, Valvoline International operates joint ventures
with local entities in Colombia, Ecuador and Thailand. Valvoline International markets products for both consumer and commercial
vehicles and equipment and is served by company-owned plants in the United States, Australia and the Netherlands, a joint venture-
owned facility in India and third-party warehouses and toll manufacturers in other regions.
Valvoline International sells branded products and services to original equipment manufacturers (OEMS) through company-
owned and operated “direct market” operations, national accounts and a network of distributors. Valvoline International also
maintains a strategic alliance with Cummins to distribute heavy duty lubricants to the commercial market, as well as smaller
alliances with other global OEMs.
5