NOTE A — SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
the option of using a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach to adopt the new guidance. This guidance becomes
effective for Ashland on October 1, 2018. Ashland is currently evaluating the new accounting standard and the available
implementation options the standard allows as well as the impact this new guidance will have on Ashland’s Consolidated Financial
Statements.
In April 2014, the FASB issued accounting guidance amending the requirements for reporting discontinued operations (ASC
205 Presentation of Financial Statements and ASC 360 Property, Plant and Equipment). This guidance limits the requirement for
discontinued operations treatment to the disposal of a component of an entity, or a group of components of an entity, that represents
a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major eﬁect on an entity’s operations and financial results. Additionally, this new guidance
no longer precludes discontinued operations presentation based on continuing involvement or cash ﬂows following the disposal.
Ashland adopted this guidance on October 1, 2014, which is applicable only to divestitures subsequent to the adoption date, and
has evaluated each divestiture during the current and prior years under this new guidance.
NOTE B — VALVOLINE
Ashland Separation of Valvoline
On September 22, 2015, Ashland announced that the Board of Directors approved proceeding with a plan to
separate Ashland into two independent, publicly traded companies comprising of the new Ashland (now known as Ashland Global
Holdings Inc.) and Valvoline Inc. The initial step of the separation, the initial public offering of Valvoline Inc., closed on September
28, 2016. The new Ashland is a premier global leader in providing specialty chemical solutions to customers in a wide range of
consumer and industrial markets. These markets are currently served by Specialty Ingredients and Performance Materials. Key
markets and applications include pharmaceutical, personal care, food and beverage, architectural coatings, adhesives, automotive,
construction and energy. Valvoline Inc., a controlled subsidiary, operates on a stand-alone basis as a premium consumer-branded
lubricant supplier.
On September 22, 2016, Ashland and Valvoline Inc. announced the pricing of an initial public oﬂering (IPO) of 30 million
shares of Valvoline Inc’s common stock at a price to the public of $22.00 per share and closed the IPO on September 28, 2016.
The underwriters exercised an option to purchase an additional 4.5 million shares of Valvoline Inc. ’s common stock to cover over—
allotments. After completing the IPO, Ashland now owns 170 million shares of Valvoline Inc.’s common stock, representing
approximately 83% of the total outstanding shares of Valvoline Inc. ’s common stock. Valvoline Inc. ’s common stock is listed on
the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “VVV”. Ashland presently intends to distribute the remaining Valvoline Inc.
shares in 2017 following the release of March-quarter earnings results by both Ashland and Valvoline Inc.
During September 2016, the total net proceeds after deducting underwriters’ discount and other oﬂering expenses received
from the IPO were $712 million. These net proceeds were used primarily to repay debt incurred prior to the IPO and retained for
Valvoline Inc’s cash on hand. See further discussion in Note I regarding certain ﬁnancing related activities executed for both
Ashland and Valvoline in connection with the separation process.
During 2016, Ashland recognized separation costs of $88 million, which are primarily related to transaction and legal fees.
Separation costs are primarily recorded within the selling, general and administrative expense caption of the Statements of
Consolidated Comprehensive Income.
Transferring of Assets and Liabilities
As of S eptember 30, 20 16, Valvoline Inc. includes substantially all of the Valvoline business as historically reported by Ashland,
as well as certain other assets and liabilities transferred to Valvoline Inc. by Ashland as a part of the separation process. The largest
transferred liabilities are the net pension and other postretirement plan liabilities, which include a substantial portion of the largest
US. qualified pension plan and non-qualiﬁed U.S. pension plans. As of September 30, 2016, Valvoline Inc’s net pension and
other postretirement plan liabilities totaled approximately $900 million.
Other transferred assets and liabilities primarily consist of deferred compensation, certain Ashland legacy business insurance
reserves, tax attributes and certain trade payables. The impact of these other transferring assets and liabilities was approximately
$15 million of net assets. Additionally, any deferred tax assets and liabilities that relate specifically to these assets and liabilities
have been transferred to Valvoline Inc. as well as certain other tax liabilities as a result of the Tax Matters Agreement. For purposes
of Ashland’s 2016 segment reporting and consistent with prior periods, these transferred assets and liabilities remain included
within Unallocated and other.
F - 1 6