NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
For a discussion and analysis of recently issued accounting pronouncements and its impact on Ashland, see Note A of Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The preparation of Ashland’s Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with US. GAAP requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses, and the disclosures of
contingent assets and liabilities. Significant items that are subject to such estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited
to, long-lived assets (including goodwill and other intangible assets), employee beneﬁt obligations, income taxes, liabilities and
receivables associated with asbestos litigation and environmental remediation. Although management bases its estimates on
historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, actual results could
differ significantly from the estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Management has reviewed the estimates affecting
these items with the Audit Committee of Ashland’s Board of Directors.
Long-lived assets
Tangible assets
The cost of property, plant and equipment is depreciated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
assets. Buildings are depreciated principally over 25 to 35 years and machinery and equipment principally over 2 to 25
years. Ashland reviews property, plant and equipment asset groups for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Ashland monitors these changes and events on at least a quarterly
basis. Examples of events or changes in circumstances could include, but are not limited to, a prolonged economic downturn,
current period operating or cash ﬂow losses combined with a history of losses or a forecast of continuing losses associated with
the use of an asset group, or a current expectation that an asset group will be sold or disposed of before the end of its previously
estimated useful life. Recoverability is based upon projections of anticipated future undiscounted cash ﬂows associated with the
use and eventual disposal of the property, plant and equipment asset groups, as well as specific appraisals in certain
instances. Reviews occur at the lowest level for which identifiable cash ﬂows are largely independent of cash ﬂows associated
with other property, plant and equipment asset groups. If the future undiscounted cash ﬂows result in a value that is less than the
carrying value, then the long-lived asset is considered impaired and a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying
amount exceeds the estimated fair value. Various factors that Ashland uses in determining the impact of these assessments include
the expected useful lives of long—lived assets and the ability to realize any undiscounted cash ﬂows in excess of the carrying
amounts of such asset groups, and are aﬁected primarily by changes in the expected use of the assets, changes in technology or
development of alternative assets, changes in economic conditions, changes in operating performance and changes in expected
future cash ﬂows. Because judgment is involved in determining the fair value of property, plant and equipment asset groups, there
is risk that the carrying value of these assets may require adjustment in future periods.
Total depreciation expense on property, plant and equipment for 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $260 million, $263 million and
$304 million, respectively. Depreciation expense for 2016, 2015 and 2014 included $6 million, $6 million and $36 million,
respectively, in accelerated depreciation and asset impairments. Capitalized interest for 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $1 million, $2
million and $1 million, respectively.
F inite-livea’ intangible assets
Finite-lived intangible assets principally consist of certain trademarks and trade names, intellectual property, and customer
relationships. These intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The cost of trademarks
and trade names is amortized principally over 3 to 25 years, intellectual property over 5 to 20 years and customer relationships
over 3 to 24 years. Ashland reviews finite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Ashland monitors these changes and events on at least a quarterly
basis.
Amortization expense recognized on finite-lived intangible assets was $77 million for 2016, $78 million for 2015 and
$89 million for 2014, and is primarily included in the selling, general and administrative expense caption of the Statements of
Consolidated Comprehensive Income.
Goodwill
Ashland reviews goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or when events and circumstances
indicate an impairment may have occurred. The annual assessment is performed as of July 1 and consists of Ashland determining
each reporting unit’s current fair value compared to its current carrying value. Ashland determined that its reporting units for the
allocation of goodwill include the Specialty Ingredients reportable segment, the Composites and Intermediates/S olvents reporting
M-33