PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
GENERAL
Ashland Global Holdings Inc. is a Delaware corporation, with its principal executive ofﬁces located at 50 E. RiverCenter
Boulevard, Covington, Kentucky 41011 (Telephone: (859) 815-3333). Ashland Global Holdings Inc. was incorporated in 2016
as the successor to a Kentucky corporation named Ashland Inc. organized in 2004 (now known as Ashland LLC), which was itself
organized as the successor to a Kentucky corporation of the same name organized in 1936. The new holding company structure
was put in place to allow Ashland Inc. to reincorporate in Delaware and to help facilitate the separation of the Valvoline business
from the specialty chemicals businesses, creating two independent, publicly held companies (the Reorganization). As a result of
the Reorganization, Ashland Global Holdings Inc. replaced Ashland Inc. as the publicly held corporation, and Ashland Inc. was
converted to a Kentucky limited liability company and is now an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Ashland Global Holdings
Inc. The terms “Ashland” and the “Company” as used herein include Ashland Global Holdings Inc., its predecessors and its
consolidated subsidiaries, except where the context indicates otherwise. As a result of the Reorganization, Ashland is the successor
issuer to Ashland Inc. pursuant to Rule 12g—3(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) and
will file periodic and other reports required by the Exchange Act.
Ashland is a global leader in providing specialty chemical solutions to customers in a wide range of consumer and industrial
markets, including adhesives, architectural coatings, automotive, construction, energy, food and beverage, personal care and
pharmaceutical. Ashland also maintains a controlling interest in Valvoline Inc, a premium consumer-branded lubricant supplier.
With approximately 11,000 employees worldwide (including approximately 5,000 employees of Valvoline Inc.), Ashland serves
customers in more than 100 countries.
Ashland has three reportable segments: Specialty Ingredients, Performance Materials and Valvoline, which is included within
a maj ority-owned, publicly traded subsidiary, Valvoline Inc. As of September 30, 2016, and as described below under “Corporate
Developments”, Ashland owned approximately 83% of the outstanding shares of Valvoline Inc. ’3 common stock. Since Ashland’s
ownership interest in Valvoline Inc., which includes the operations of the Valvoline reportable segment, is now less than 100%,
the outside stockholders” interests in Valvoline Inc. are presented separately as a noncontrolling interest within Ashland’s equity
in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The amount of consolidated net income attributable to Ashland and the noncontrolling interest
are both presented within the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income. Financial information about Ashland’s three
reportable segments for each of the fiscal years in the three—year period ended September 30, 2016 is set forth in Note R of Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including sales, equity income, other income, operating
income and assets. International data, such as sales to external customers, net assets and property, plant and equipment, are set
forth in Note R as well.
Specialty Ingredients is a global leader in cellulose ethers, vinyl pyrrolidones and biofunctionals. It offers industry—leading
products, technologies and resources for solving formulation and product-performance challenges. Specialty Ingredients uses
natural, synthetic and semisynthetic polymers derived from cellulose ethers, vinyl pyrrolidones, acrylic polymers, polyester and
polyurethane-based adhesives, and plant and seed extract. Specialty Ingredients includes two divisions, Consumer Specialties and
Industrial Specialties, that offer comprehensive and innovative solutions for today’s demanding consumer and industrial
applications. Key customers include: pharmaceutical companies; makers of personal care products, food and beverages;
manufacturers of paint, coatings and construction materials; packaging and converting; and oilfield service companies.
Performance Materials is a global leader in unsaturated polyester resins and vinyl ester resins. The business unit has leading
positions in gelcoats, maleic anhydride, butanediol, tetrahydrofuran, N—Methylpyrrolidone and other intermediates and solvents.
Key customers include: manufacturers of residential and commercial building products; industrial product specifiers and
manufacturers; wind blade and pipe manufacturers; automotive and truck OEM suppliers; boatbuilders; engineered plastics and
electronic producers; and specialty chemical manufacturers.
Valvoline is a leading worldwide producer and distributor of premium-branded automotive, commercial and industrial
lubricants, and automotive chemicals. In 2016, it ranks as the #2 quick-lube chain by number of stores and #3 passenger car motor
oil in the “Do-It-Yourself’ market by volume brand in the United States. The brand operates and franchises 1,068 Valvoline Instant
Oil ChangeSM centers in the United States. It also markets ValvolineTM lubricants and automotive chemicals; MaxLifeTM lubricants
created for higher-mileage engines; SynPowerTM synthetic motor oil; and ZerexTM antifreeze. Key customers include: retail auto
parts stores and mass merchandisers who sell to consumers; installers, such as car dealers, repair shops and quick lubes; commercial
ﬂeets; and distributors. During February 2016, Ashland completed the acquisition of Oil Can Henry’s resulting in the addition of
89 quick-lube stores. On September 28, 2016, Valvoline Inc. completed an initial public offering of 34.5 million shares of its
common stock, with Ashland continuing to own 170 million shares of Valvoline Inc. ’s common stock, representing approximately
83% of the total outstanding shares of Valvoline Inc’s common stock. Valvoline Inc’s common stock began trading September
23, 2016, on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “VVV.” For additional information on the separation and acquisition,
1