EFFECTS OF INFLATION AND CHANGING PRICES
Ashland’s financial statements are prepared on the historical cost method of accounting in accordance with US. GAAP and,
as a result, do not reﬂect changes in the purchasing power of the US. dollar. Monetary assets (such as cash, cash equivalents and
accounts receivable) lose purchasing power as a result of inﬂation, while monetary liabilities (such as accounts payable and
indebtedness) result in a gain, because they can be settled with dollars of diminished purchasing power. As of September 30, 2016,
Ashland’s monetary assets exceed its monetary liabilities, leaving it currently more exposed to the effects of future
inﬂation. However, given the recent consistent stability of inﬂation in the United States in the past several years as well as forward
economic outlooks, current inﬂationary pressures seem moderate.
Certain of the industries in which Ashland operates are capital-intensive, and replacement costs for its plant and equipment
generally would substantially exceed their historical costs. Accordingly, depreciation and amortization expense would be greater
if it were based on current replacement costs. However, because replacement facilities would reﬂect technological improvements
and changes in business strategies, such facilities would be expected to be more productive than existing facilities, mitigating at
least part of the increased expense.
Ashland uses the LIFO method to value a portion of its inventories to provide a better matching of revenues with current
costs. However, LIFO values such inventories below their replacement costs during inﬂationary periods.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form lO-K contains forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements made under the
caption “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation” (MD&A), within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. Ashland has identified some of these forward-looking statements with words such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “expects,”
“estimates,” “is likely,” “predicts,” “projects,” “forecasts,” “objectives,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “plans” and “intends” and the
negative of these words or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include statements relating to the
status of the separation process and the expected completion of the separation through the subsequent distribution of Valvoline
common stock. In addition, Ashland may from time to time make forward-looking statements in its Annual Report to Shareholders,
quarterly reports and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), news releases and other written and oral
communications. These forward-looking statements are based on Ashland’s expectations and assumptions, as of the date such
statements are made, regarding Ashland’s future operating performance and financial condition, the separation of Ashland’s
specialty chemicals businesses and Valvoline Inc. (Valvoline), the initial public offering of 34,500,000 shares of Valvoline common
stock (the “IPO”), the expected timetable for completing the separation, the strategic and competitive advantages of each company
and future opportunities for each company, as well as the economy and other future events or circumstances. Ashland’s expectations
and assumptions include, without limitation, those mentioned within the MD&A, internal forecasts and analyses of current and
future market conditions and trends, management plans and strategies, operating eﬂiciencies and economic conditions (such as
prices, supply and demand, cost of raw materials, and the ability to recover raw material cost increases through price increases),
and risks and uncertainties associated with the following: the possibility that the separation will not be consummated within the
anticipated time period or at all, including as the result of regulatory, market or other factors; regulatory, market or other factors
and conditions affecting the distribution of Ashland’s remaining interests in Valvoline; the potential for disruption to Ashland’s
business in connection with the IPO, Ashland’s reorganization under a new holding company or separation; the potential that
Ashland does not realize all of the expected benefits of the IPO, new holding company reorganization or separation or obtain the
expected credit ratings following the IPO, new holding company reorganization or separation; Ashland’s substantial indebtedness
(including the possibility that such indebtedness and related restrictive covenants may adversely affect Ashland’s future cash ﬂows,
results of operations, financial condition and its ability to repay debt); the impact of acquisitions and/or divestitures Ashland has
made or may make (including the possibility that Ashland may not realize the anticipated benefits from such transactions); and
severe weather, natural disasters, and legal proceedings and claims (including environmental and asbestos matters). Various risks
and uncertainties may cause actual results to diﬂer materially from those stated, projected or implied by any forward-looking
statements, including, without limitation, risks and uncertainties affecting Ashland that are contained in “Use of estimates, risks
and uncertainties” in Note A of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
as well as risks and uncertainties related to the separation that are described in the Form S-4 filed with the SEC, which is available
on Ashland’s website at http:// investor. ashland.com or on the SEC’s website, and Valvoline’s Form S—1 ﬁled with the SEC, available
on the SEC’s website. Ashland believes its expectations and assumptions are reasonable, but there can be no assurance that the
expectations reﬂected herein will be achieved. Unless legally required, Ashland undertakes no obligation to update any forward-
looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
M—41