RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — REPORTABLE SEGMENT REVIEW
Ashland’s businesses are managed within three reportable segments: Specialty Ingredients, Performance Materials and
Valvoline. During September 2016, Valvoline Inc. completed the IPO of its common stock as discussed further within the “Key
Developments” section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis herein. As a result, Ashland has an approximately 83%
ownership interest in Valvoline Inc. as of September 30, 2016.
Results of Ashland’s reportable segments are presented based on its management structure and internal accounting
practices. The structure and practices are specific to Ashland, therefore, the financial results of Ashland’s reportable segments
are not necessarily comparable with similar information for other comparable companies. Ashland allocates all costs to its
reportable segments except for certain significant company-wide restructuring activities, such as the restructuring plans described
in Note F of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and other costs or adjustments that generally relate to former businesses
that Ashland no longer operates. The service cost component of pension and other postretirement benefits costs is allocated to
each reportable segment on a ratable basis; while the remaining components of pension and other postretirement beneﬁts costs
are recorded to Unallocated and other. Ashland refines its expense allocation methodologies to the reportable segments from time
to time as internal accounting practices are improved, more refined information becomes available and businesses
change. Revisions to Ashland’s methodologies that are deemed insignificant are applied on a prospective basis.
The EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA amounts presented within this business section are provided as a means to enhance the
understanding of financial measurements that Ashland has internally determined to be relevant measures of comparison for each
segment. Each of these non-GAAP measures is defined as follows: EBITDA (operating income plus depreciation and
amortization), Adjusted EBITDA (EBITDA adjusted for key items, which may include pro forma effects for signiﬁcant acquisitions
or divestitures, as applicable), and Adjusted EBITDA margin (Adjusted EBITDA, which may include pro forma adjustments,
divided by sales or sales adjusted for pro forma results). Ashland does not allocate items to each reportable segmentbelow operating
income, such as interest expense and income taxes. As a result, reportable segment EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are reconciled
directly to operating income since it is the most directly comparable Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income caption.
The following table shows sales, operating income and statistical operating information by reportable segment for each of
the last three years ended September 30.
M- 14