Fernandez-Moreno served as Vice President of Ashland and President of Water Technologies from November 2012 until October
2013. During the past five years, he has served as Executive Vice President of Arch Chemicals, Inc., a global biocides company,
where he was responsible for the wood protection and HTH water products businesses. In 2016, Mr. Fernandez-Moreno joined
the board of directors of Ingevity Corp., a special chemicals manufacturer and supplier.
PETER J. GANZ (age 54) is Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and has
served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Ashland Inc. since July 2011 and Secretary since November 2012. From
July 2011 to August 2016, Mr. Ganz served as Chief Compliance Oﬁicer of Ashland Inc.
GREGORY W. ELLIOTT (age 55) is Vice President and Chief Human Resources and Communications Officer of Ashland
Global Holdings Inc. and held the same position with Ashland Inc. since joining the Company in November 2015. Since 2008
until joining Ashland in 2015, Mr. Elliott served as the Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Administration of Navistar,
Inc., a global manufacturer of commercial and military trucks, proprietary diesel engines and buses.
J. WILLIAM HEITMAN (age 62) is Vice President and Controller of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and has served in such
capacities with Ashland Inc. since 2008.
KEITH C. SILVERMAN (age 49) is Vice President, Environmental, Health, Safety and Product Regulatory of Ashland Global
Holdings Inc. and served in the same capacities at Ashland Inc. since June 2012. Prior to joining Ashland, he spent a number of
years at Merck & Co., Inc., a pharmaceutical company, where he held various positions of increasing responsibility in research
and development as well as in global safety and the environment.
ANNE T. SCHUMANN (age 56) is Vice President and Chief Information and Administrative Services Officer of Ashland
Global Holdings Inc. and served in the same capacities with Ashland Inc. since 2008 and 2009, respectively.
Each executive officer is elected by the Board of Directors of Ashland to a term of one year, or until a successor is duly elected,
at the annual meeting of the Board of Directors, except in those instances where the oﬁicer is elected other than at an annual
meeting of the Board of Directors, in which case his or her tenure will expire at the next annual meeting of the Board of Directors
unless the officer is re-elected.
18