ethers, Vinyl pyrrolidones, acrylic polymers, polyester and polyurethane-based adhesives, and plant and seed extract, Specialty
Ingredients offers comprehensive and innovative solutions for consumer and industrial applications.
Key customers include pharmaceutical companies; makers of personal care products, food and beverages; manufacturers of
paint, coatings and construction materials; packaging and converting; and oilfield service companies. Certain customer
relationships are significant, and the loss of any one of those customers could have a material adverse effect on the Specialty
Ingredients reportable segment.
Specialty Ingredients’ areas of expertise include: organic and synthetic chemistry, polymer chemistry, surface and colloid
science, rheology, structural analysis and microbiology.
Specialty Ingredients’ solutions provide an array of properties, including: thickening and rheology control, water retention,
adhesive strength, binding power, film formation, conditioning and deposition, colloid stabilization and suspension.
Specialty Ingredients is composed of two divisions based on end use markets of customers: Consumer Specialties and Industrial
Specialties. Many of the products of the two divisions are produced in shared manufacturing facilities, in order to better manage
capacity and achieve desired returns.
Consumer Specialties - The Consumer Specialties division includes the Oral Care, Hair Care, Skin Care, Home Care and
Pharmaceutical & Nutrition portfolios.
- Oral Care - Specialty Ingredients’ portfolio of oral care products delivers active ingredients in toothpaste and mouthwashes;
provides bioadhesive functionality for dentures; delivers ﬂavor, texture and other functional properties; and provides
product binding to ensure form and function throughout product lifecycle.
- Hair Care - Specialty Ingredients’ portfolio of hair care products includes advanced styling polymers, fixatives,
conditioning polymers, emulsifiers, preservatives and rheology modifiers.
° Skin Care - Specialty Ingredients’ portfolio of skin care products helps to firm, nourish, revitalize and smooth skin. The
Skin Care line also provides sun care products, including UV filters, water-resistant agents and thickeners. Emulsifiers,
emollients, preservatives and rheology modifiers complete the Skin Care product line.
- Home Care - Specialty Ingredients’ portfolio of products and technologies is used in many types of cleaning applications,
including fabric care, home care and dishwashing. Specialty Ingredients’ products are used in a variety of applications
for viscosity enhancement, particle suspension, rheology modification and stabilization.
- Pharmaceutical - Specialty Ingredients is a leading supplier of excipients and tablet coating systems to the pharmaceutical
and nutraceutical industries. Excipients include a comprehensive range of polymers for use as tablet binders,
superdisintegrants, sustained-release agents and drug solubilizers, as well as a portfolio of fully formulated, one-step
tablet coating systems for immediate-, sustained- and delayed-release applications.
- Nutrition - Specialty Ingredients’ nutrition portfolio provides functional benefits in areas such as thickening, texture
control, thermal gelation, structure enhancement, water binding, clarification and stabilization. Its core products include
cellulose gums and vinyl pyrrolidone polymers which are used in a wide range of offerings for bakery, beverage, dairy,
desserts, meat products, pet food, prepared foods, sauces and savory products.
Industrial Specialties - The Industrial Specialties division includes Coatings, Construction, Energy, Adhesives and Performance
Specialties.
- Coatings - Coatings Specialties is a recognized leader in rheology solutions for waterborne architectural paint and
coatings. Products include hydroxyethylcellulose (HEC), which provides thickening and application properties for
interior and exterior paints, and nonionic synthetic associative thickeners (N SATs), which are APEO-free liquid synthetics
for high-performance paint and industrial coatings. The Coatings Specialties market complements its rheology oﬂ’ering
with a broad portfolio of performance foam-control agents, surfactants and wetting agents, dispersants and pH neutralizers.
- Construction - Construction Specialties is a major producer and supplier of cellulose ethers and companion products for
the construction industry. These products control properties such as water retention, open time, workability, adhesion,
stabilization, pumping, sag resistance, rheology, strength, appearance and performance in dry-mortar formulations.
- Energy - Energy Specialties is a leading global manufacturer of guar—, synthetic- and cellulosic-based products for drilling
ﬂuids, oil-well cement slurries, completion and workover ﬂuids, fracturing ﬂuids and production chemicals. Specialty
Ingredients offers the oil and gas industry solutions for drilling, stimulation, completion, cementing and production
applications.
- Adhesives - Adhesives Specialties manufactures and sells adhesive solutions to the packaging and converting, building
and construction, and transportation markets and manufactures and markets specialty coatings and adhesive solutions for
3