NOTE F — RESTRUCTURING ACTIVITIES (continued)
7 Facility 7
(In millions) Severance costs Total,
Balance as of September 30, 2013 s 17 $ 8 $ 25
Restructuring reserves 95 4 99
Reserve adjustments (4) — (4)
Utilization (cash paid) (52) (3) (55)
Balance as of September 30, 2014 56 9 65
Reserve adjustments (3) (2) (5)
Utilization (cash paid) (45) (4) (49)
Balance as of September 30, 2015 8 3 ll
Utilization (cash paid) (7) (3) (10)
Balance as of September 30, 2016 758 l 7 733 —7 733 l 7
Specialty Ingredients Restructuring
During 2015, Specialty Ingredients committed to a restructuring plan within an existing manufacturing facility. As a result,
restructuring charges of $23 million were recorded within the cost of sales caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive
Income. As of September 30, 2015, the remaining restructuring reserve related to severance for the Specialty Ingredients
manufacturing facility totaled $13 million. During 2016, the severance reserve was reduced by a $5 million reversal of the accrual,
as well as reclassifications of certain non-severance related costs, and was fully paid as of September 30, 2016. The severance
reserve was included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
NOTE G — FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
As required by US. GAAP, Ashland uses applicable guidance for defining fair value, the initial recording and periodic
remeasurement of certain assets and liabilities measured at fair value and related disclosures for instruments measured at fair
value. Fair value accounting guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used
to measure fair value into three broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). An instrument’s categorization
within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the instrument’s fair value
measurement. The three levels within the fair value hierarchy are described as follows.
Level 1 — Observable inputs such as unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2 — Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.
Level 3 — Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability for which there is little, if any, market activity at the measurement
date. Unobservable inputs reﬂect Ashland’s own assumptions about what market participants would use to price the asset or
liability. The inputs are developed based on the best information available in the circumstances, which might include Ashland’s
own financial data such as internally developed pricing models, discounted cash ﬂow methodologies, as well as instruments for
which the fair value determination requires significant management judgment.
For assets that are measured using quoted prices in active markets (Level 1), the total fair value is the published market price
per unit multiplied by the number of units held without consideration of transaction costs. Assets and liabilities that are measured
using significant other observable inputs (Level 2) are primarily valued by reference to quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities
in active markets, adjusted for any terms specific to that asset or liability. For all other assets and liabilities for which unobservable
inputs are used (Level 3), fair value is derived through the use of fair value models, such as a discounted cash ﬂow model or other
standard pricing models that Ashland deems reasonable.
The following table summarizes financial instruments subject to recurring fair value measurements as of September 30,
2016. For additional information on fair value hierarchy measurements of pension plan asset holdings, see Note N.
F -22