NOTE B — VALVOLINE (continued)
N oncontrolling Interest
As a result of the Valvoline Inc. IPO, the outside stockholders’ interests in Valvoline Inc., which was approximately 17% as
of September 30, 2016, are presented separately as a noncontrolling interest within Ashland’s equity in the Consolidated Balance
Sheet. As of September 30, 20 16, the noncontrolling interest was $182 million. The amount of consolidated net income attributable
to these minority holders is presented as a separate caption on the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income.
The following represents Valvoline acquisition and divestiture activity.
Acquisition
Oil Can Henry is
On December 11, 2015, Ashland announced that it signed a definitive agreement to acquire OCH International, Inc. (Oil Can
Henry’s), which was the 13th largest quick-lube network in the United States, servicing approximately 1 million vehicles annually
with 89 quick-lube stores, consisting of 47 company-owned stores and 42 franchise locations, in Oregon, Washington, California,
Arizona, Idaho and Colorado. On February 1, 2016, Ashland completed the acquisition.
The acquisition of Oil Can Henry ’s was valued at $72 million, which included acquired indebtedness of $ 11 million and other
working capital adjustments. Net of acquired indebtedness and certain purchase price adjustments, the net cash outlay was $62
million during 2016. The purchase price allocation primarily included $83 million of goodwill.
Divestitures
Valvoline Car Care Products
In April 2015, Ashland entered into a definitive sale agreement to sell Valvoline’s car care product assets for $24 million,
which included Car BriteTM and Eagle OneTM automotive appearance products. Prior to the sale, Ashland recognized a loss of $26
million before tax in 2015 to recognize the assets at fair value less cost to sell, using Level 2 nonrecurring fair value measurements.
The loss was reported within the net gain (loss) on divestitures caption within the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive
Income. The transaction closed on June 30, 2015 and Ashland received net proceeds of $19 million after adjusting for certain
customary closing costs and final working capital totals.
The sale of Valvoline’s car care product assets did not qualify for discontinued operations treatment since it did not represent
a strategic shift that had or will have a major effect on Ashland’s operations and financial results.
Valvoline Joint Venture
During April 20 1 5, Ashland sold aValvoline joint venture equity investment in Venezuela. Prior to the sale, Ashland recognized
a $14 million impairment in 2015, for which there was no tax effect, using Level 2 nonrecurring fair value measurements within
the equity and other income caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income.
Ashland’s decision to sell the equity investment and the resulting charge recorded in the prior year was reﬂective of the
continued devaluation of the Venezuelan currency (bolivar) based on changes to the Venezuelan currency exchange rate mechanisms
during the fiscal year. In addition, the continued lack of exchangeability between the Venezuelan bolivar and US. dollar had
restricted the joint venture’s ability to pay dividends and obligations denominated in US. dollars. These exchange regulations
and cash ﬂow limitations, combined with other recent Venezuelan regulations and the impact of declining oil prices on the
Venezuelan economy, had significantly restricted Ashland’s ability to conduct normal business operations through the joint venture
arrangement. Ashland determined this divestiture did not represent a strategic shift that had or will have a major eﬁect on Ashland’s
operations and financial results, and thus it did not qualify for discontinued operations treatment.
NOTE C — ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES
Acquisition
Zeta F ractz'onTM
In September 2015, Specialty Ingredients completed the acquisition of the patented Zeta FractionTM technology from
AkzoNobel for $8 million. The acquisition broadens Ashland’s value-added portfolio in the personal care, pharmaceutical, food
and beverage, and agriculture markets. The patented Zeta FractionTM process and technology selectively isolates efficacious
components from living plants and marine sources to produce a wide range of biofunctional ingredients. The purchase price
allocation primarily included intellectual property and property, plant and equipment.
F -17