Valvoline’s lubricants products were approximately 89% and 35% of Valvoline’s sales and Ashland’s total consolidated sales,
respectively, for fiscal 2016.
Valvoline operates four lubricant blending and packaging plants, three bulk blending and distribution facilities and two
distribution centers throughout the United States and additional lubricant blending and packaging plants in Australia and the
Netherlands. Valvoline also has a bulk blending and distribution facility in Canada, a distribution center in the UK, and leased
distribution centers in Australia and the Netherlands. In addition to owned and leased facilities, Valvoline also uses numerous toll
manufacturers and third-party warehouses.
Valvoline owns or leases approximately 40 facilities throughout the United States, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Croatia,
India, Indonesia, the Netherlands, New Zealand, the Philippines, Russia, Singapore, the UK. and Vietnam that comprise over
2,000,000 square feet of blending, packaging, distribution, warehouse and ofﬁce space. In addition, Valvoline owns or leases the
property associated with 342 quick lubes stores under the VIOC and Oil Can Henry’s brands throughout the United States. The
properties leased by Valvoline have expiration dates ranging from less than one year to more than 25 years (including certain
renewal options).
MISCELLANEOUS
Environmental Matters
Ashland maintains a companywide environmental policy overseen by the Environmental, Health, Safety and Quality
Committee of Ashland’s Board of Directors. Ashland’s Environmental, Health, Safety, Quality and Regulatory Affairs
(EHSQ&RA) department has the responsibility to ensure that Ashland’s businesses worldwide maintain environmental compliance
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. This responsibility is carried out via training; widespread communication of
EHSQ&RA policies; information and regulatory updates, formulation of relevant policies, procedures and work practices, design
and implementation of EHSQ&RA management systems; internal auditing by a separate auditing group, monitoring of legislative
and regulatory developments that may affect Ashland’s operations; assistance to the businesses in identifying compliance issues
and opportunities for voluntary actions that go beyond compliance; and incident response planning and implementation.
Federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment have a significant impact on how
Ashland conducts its businesses. In addition, Ashland’s operations outside the United States are subject to the environmental laws
of the countries in which they are located. These laws include regulation of air emissions and water discharges, waste handling,
remediation and product inventory, registration and regulation. New laws and regulations may be enacted or adopted by various
regulatory agencies globally. The costs of compliance with any new laws or regulations cannot be estimated until the manner in
which they will be implemented has been more precisely defined.
At September 30, 2016, Ashland’s reserves for environmental remediation and related environmental litigation amounted to
$ 177 million, reﬂecting Ashland’s best estimates of the most likely costs that will be incurred over an extended period to remediate
identified conditions for which the costs are reasonably estimable, without regard to any third-party recoveries. Engineering
studies, historical experience and other factors are used to identify and evaluate remediation alternatives and their related costs in
determining the estimated reserves for environmental remediation. Environmental remediation reserves are subject to numerous
inherent uncertainties that affect Ashland’s ability to estimate its share of the costs. Such uncertainties involve the nature and
extent of contamination at each site, the extent of required cleanup eﬁorts under existing environmental regulations, widely varying
costs of alternate cleanup methods, changes in environmental regulations, the potential effect of continuing improvements in
remediation technology and the number and financial strength of other potentially responsible parties at multiparty sites. Although
it is not possible to predict with certainty the ultimate costs of environmental remediation, Ashland currently estimates that the
upper end of the reasonably possible range of future costs for identified sites could be as high as approximately $3 80 million. No
individual remediation location is significant, as the largest reserve for any site is less than 15% of the remediation reserve. Ashland
regularly adjusts its reserves as environmental remediation continues. Environmental remediation expense, net of insurance
receivables, amounted to $40 million in 2016, compared to $40 million in 2015 and $33 million in 2014.
Product Control, Registration and Inventory - Many of Ashland’s products and operations are subject to chemical control
laws of the countries in which they are located. These laws include regulation of chemical substances and inventories under the
Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) in the United States and the Registration, Evaluation and Authorization of Chemicals
(REACH) regulation in Europe. Under REACH, additional testing requirements, documentation, risk assessments and registrations
are occurring and will continue to occur and may adversely affect Ashland’s costs of products produced in or imported into the
European Union. Examples of other product control regulations include right to know laws under the Global Harmonized System
(GHS) for hazard communication, regulation of chemicals used in the manufacture of pharmaceuticals and personal care products
and that contact food under the Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act in the United States, the Framework Regulation in Europe and
other product control requirements for chemical weapons, drug precursors and import/export. New laws and regulations may be
6