(In millions) 2016 2015 2014
Loss (gain) on pension and other postretirement plan remeasurement:
Change in discount rate and other actuarial assumptions (a) $ 398 $ 13 $ 369
Change in mortality table/assumptions (a) (32) 47 149
Actual return on plan assets (a) (321) (15) (309)
Expected return on plan assets (a) 192 216 237
Total actuarial loss on pension and other postretirement plan
remeasurement 237 261 446
Curtailment, settlement and other (gain) loss (113) (1 1) l 1
Total loss on pension and other postretirement plan remeasurement 124 250 457
Less: Actuarial loss recognized in discontinued operations — 2 44
Less: Curtailment, settlement and other gain in discontinued operations — (7) (25)
Total loss on pension and other postretirement plan
remeasurement from continuing operations 8 1247 733 255 7 8 438 7
(a) For additional information on key assumptions and actual plan asset performance in each year, see the “Actuarial assumptions” discussion within this section:
Actuarial assumptions
Ashland’s pension and other postretirement obligations and annual expense calculations are based on a number of key
assumptions including the discount rate at which obligations can be effectively settled, the anticipated rate of compensation increase,
the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and certain employee-related factors, such as turnover, retirement age and
mortality. Because Ashland’s retiree health care plans contain various caps that limit Ashland’s contributions and because medical
inﬂation is expected to continue at a rate in excess of these caps, the health care cost trend rate has no significant impact on
Ashland’s postretirement health care benefit costs.
Ashland developed the discount rate used to determine the present value of its obligations under the US. pension and
postretirement health and life plans by matching the stream of benefit payments from the plans to spot rates determined from an
actuarial-developed yield curve, the above mean yield curve, based on high-quality corporate bonds. Ashland uses this approach
to reﬂect the specific cash ﬂows of these plans when determining the discount rate. Non-U.S. pension plans followed a similar
process based on financial markets in those countries where Ashland provides a defined benefit pension plan.
During 2016, Ashland changed the method used to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit
cost for pension and other postretirement benefits. This change compared to the previous method resulted in a decrease in the
service and interest cost components for pension and other postretirement benefit costs during the quarter. Historically, Ashland
estimated these service and interest cost components utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve
used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. Ashland has elected to utilize a full yield curve approach in
the estimation of these components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit
obligation to the relevant projected cash ﬂows. Ashland has made this change to provide a more precise measurement of service
and interest costs by improving the correlation between projected benefit cash ﬂows to the corresponding spot yield curve rates.
This change does not affect the measurement of Ashland’s total benefit obligations or annual net periodic benefit costs as the
change in the service and interest costs will be oﬁset in the actuarial gain or loss reported, which typically occurs during the fourth
fiscal quarter. Ashland has accounted for this change as a change in accounting estimate that is inseparable from a change in
accounting principle and accordingly has accounted for it prospectively.
Accordingly Ashland’s 2016 expense, excluding actuarial gains and losses, for both US. and non-US. pension plans is
determined using the discount rate as of the beginning of the fiscal year. The service cost and interest cost discount rates for 2016
expense were 3.94% and 3.30%, respectively. For 2015 and 2014 Ashland’s expense, excluding actuarial gains and losses, for
both US. and non-U.S. pension plans was determined using the weighted-average discount rate as of the beginning of the fiscal
year, which were 4. 18%, and 4.68%, respectively. The 2016 discount rates used for the postretirement health and life plans service
cost and interest cost were 4.31% and 3.04%, respectively. The weighted—average discount rates used for the postretirement health
and life plans were 3.85%, and 4.28% for the years ended September 30, 2015, and 2014, respectively. The actuarial gains and
losses recognized within the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income are calculated using updated actuarial assumptions
(including discount rates) as of the measurement date, which for Ashland is the end of the fiscal year, unless a plan qualifies for
a remeasurement during the year. The weighted-average discount rate at the end of fiscal 2016 was 3.38% for the pension plans
and 3.14% for the postretirement health and life plans.
M—36