applied. The tax liability to Ashland that would result from a determination that the final distribution is a “device” could have a
material impact on Ashland’s operations.
The potential tax liability to Ashland described above may limit Ashland’s ability to pursue strategic transactions of a certain
magnitude that involve the issuance or acquisition of Ashland common stock. This restriction may also limit Ashland’s ability to
raise significant amounts of cash through the issuance of common stock, especially if Ashland’s stock price were to suffer substantial
declines.
Adverse developments in the global economy and potential disruptions of ﬁnancial markets could negatively impact
Ashland’s customers and suppliers, and therefore have a negative impact on Ashland’s results of operations.
A global or regional economic downturn may reduce customer demand or inhibit Ashland’s ability to produce and sell products.
Ashland’s business and operating results are sensitive to global and regional economic downturns, credit market tightness, declining
consumer and business confidence, ﬂuctuating commodity prices, volatile exchange rates, changes in interest rates, sovereign debt
defaults and other challenges, including those related to international sanctions and acts of aggression or threatened aggression
that can affect the global economy. In the event of adverse developments or stagnation in the economy or financial markets,
Ashland’s customers may experience deterioration of their businesses, reduced demand for their products, cash ﬂow shortages
and diﬁiculty obtaining financing. As a result, existing or potential customers might delay or cancel plans to purchase products
and may not be able to fulfill their obligations to Ashland in a timely fashion. Further, suppliers may experience similar conditions,
which could impact their ability to fulfill their obligations to Ashland. A weakening or reversal of the current economic recovery
in the global economy or a substantial part of it could negatively impact Ashland’s business, results of operations, financial condition
and ability to grow.
Ashland may not be able to effectively protect or enforce its intellectual property rights.
Ashland relies on the patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright laws of the United States and other countries to protect its
intellectual property rights. The laws of some countries may not protect Ashland’s intellectual property rights to the same extent
as the laws of the United States. Failure of foreign countries to have laws to protect Ashland’s intellectual property rights or an
inability to eﬁectively enforce such rights in foreign countries could result in the loss of valuable proprietary information, which
could have an adverse effect on Ashland’s business and results of operations.
Even in circumstances where Ashland has a patent on certain technologies, such patents may not provide meaningful protection
against competitors or against competing technologies. In addition, any patent applications submitted by Ashland may not result
in an issued patent. There can be no assurance that Ashland’s intellectual property rights will not be challenged, invalidated,
circumvented or rendered unenforceable. Ashland could also face claims from third parties alleging that Ashland’s products or
processes infringe on their proprietary rights. If Ashland is found liable for infringement, it could be responsible for significant
damages, prohibited from using certain products or processes or required to modify certain products and processes. Any such
infringement liability could adversely affect Ashland’s product and service offerings, profitability and results of operations.
Ashland also has substantial intellectual property associated with its know-how and trade secrets that are not protected by
patent or copyright laws. Ashland protects these rights by entering into confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with most
of its employees and with third parties. There can be no assurance that such agreements will not be breached or that Ashland will
be able to effectively enforce them. In addition, Ashland’s trade secrets and know-how may be improperly obtained by other
means, such as a breach of Ashland’s information technologies security systems or direct theft. Any unauthorized disclosure of
any of Ashland’s material know-how or trade secrets could adversely affect Ashland’s business and results of operations.
Ashland has incurred, and will continue to incur, substantial costs as a result of environmental, health and safety, and
hazardous substances liabilities and related compliance requirements. These costs could adversely impact Ashland’s cash
ﬂow, and, to the extent they exceed Ashland’s established reserves for these liabilities, its results of operations.
Ashland is subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations, rules and ordinances relating to pollution,
protection of the environment and human health and safety, and the generation, storage, handling, treatment, disposal and
remediation of hazardous substances and waste materials. Ashland has incurred, and will continue to incur, significant costs and
capital expenditures to comply with these laws and regulations.
Environmental, health and safety regulations change frequently, and such regulations and their enforcement have tended to
become more stringent over time. Accordingly, changes in environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and the
enforcement of such laws and regulations could interrupt Ashland’s operations, require modifications to its facilities or cause
Ashland to incur significant liabilities, costs or losses that could adversely affect its profitability. Actual or alleged violations of
environmental, health or safety laws and regulations could result in restrictions or prohibitions on plant operations as well as
substantial damages, penalties, fines, civil or criminal sanctions and remediation costs. In addition, under some environmental
laws, Ashland may be strictly liable and/or jointly and severally liable for environmental damages and penalties.
l4