MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Management is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the Consolidated Financial Statements and other financial
information included in this annual report on Form lO-K. Such financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. Accounting principles are selected and information is reported which, using
management’s best judgment and estimates, present fairly Ashland’s consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash
ﬂows. The other financial information in this annual report on Form 10-K is consistent with the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Ashland’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, as
such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a— 15(f) and 15d-15(f). Ashland’s internal control over financial reporting is designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Ashland’s Consolidated
Financial Statements. Ashland’s internal control over financial reporting is supported by a code of business conduct which
summarizes our guiding values such as obeying the law, adhering to high ethical standards and acting as responsible members of
the communities where we operate. Compliance with that Code forms the foundation of our internal control systems, which are
designed to provide reasonable assurance that Ashland’s assets are safeguarded and its records reﬂect, in all material respects,
transactions in accordance with management’s authorization. The concept of reasonable assurance is based on the recognition
that the cost of a system of internal control should not exceed the related benefits. Management believes that adequate internal
controls are maintained by the selection and training of qualified personnel, by an appropriate division of responsibility in all
organizational arrangements, by the establishment and communication of accounting and business policies, and by internal audits.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and even
when determined to be effective, can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
The Board, subject to stockholder ratification, selects and engages the independent auditors based on the recommendation of
the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee, composed of directors who are not members of management, reviews the adequacy
of Ashland’s policies, procedures, controls and risk management strategies, the scope of auditing and other services performed by
the independent auditors, and the scope of the internal audit function. The Committee holds meetings with Ashland’s internal
auditor and independent auditors, with and without management present, to discuss the findings of their audits, the overall quality
of Ashland’s financial reporting and their evaluation of Ashland’s internal controls. The report of Ashland’s Audit Committee can
be found in Ashland’s 2016 Proxy Statement.
Management assessed the eﬁectiveness of Ashland’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30,
2016. Management conducted its assessment utilizing the framework described in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this assessment,
management believes that Ashland maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016.
Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited and reported on the Consolidated Financial
Statements of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the year ended September 30, 2016 and
the effectiveness of Ashland’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016. The reports of the independent
registered public accounting firm are contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
/s/ William A. Wulfsohn
William A. Wulfsohn
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
/s/ J. Kevin Willis
J. Kevin Willis
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
November 21, 2016
F-2