million, or 10%, primarily as a result of decreased gross profit from lower volume levels and pricing driven by results within the
energy market. Performance Materials’ Adjusted EBITDA results decreased by $30 million, or 21%, as lower pricing, primarily
within Intermediates/Solvents, was only partially offset by lower production costs, resulting in decreased gross profit.
The following discussion outlines significant transactions announced or executed during 2016.
Ashland Separation of Valvoline
On September 22, 2015, Ashland announced that the Board of Directors approved proceeding with a plan to
separate Ashland into two independent, publicly traded companies comprising of the new Ashland (now known as Ashland Global
Holdings Inc.) and Valvoline Inc. The initial step of the separation, the initial public offering of Valvoline Inc., closed on September
28, 2016. The new Ashland is a premier global leader in providing specialty chemical solutions to customers in a wide range of
consumer and industrial markets. These markets are currently served by Specialty Ingredients and Performance Materials. Key
markets and applications include pharmaceutical, personal care, food and beverage, architectural coatings, adhesives, automotive,
construction and energy. Valvoline Inc., a controlled subsidiary, operates on a stand-alone basis as a premium consumer-branded
lubricant supplier.
The following transactions occurred in order to facilitate and as a result of the separation:
- Ashland Global Holdings Inc. replaced Ashland Inc. as the publicly held corporation and that, through its subsidiaries,
conducts all of the operations previously operated by Ashland Inc. Each outstanding share of Ashland Inc. common stock
was converted into the right to receive one share of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. common stock. The exchange of
Ashland Inc. common stock for shares of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. common stock was a tax-free transaction for
Ashland shareholders.
° On September 22, 2016, Ashland and Valvoline Inc. announced the pricing of an initial public offering (IPO) of 30 million
shares of Valvoline Inc. ’s common stock at a price to the public of $22.00 per share and closed the IPO on September 28,
2016. The underwriters exercised an option to purchase an additional 4.5 million shares of Valvoline Inc’s common
stock to cover over-allotments. After completing the IPO, Ashland now owns 170 million shares of Valvoline Inc’s
common stock, representing approximately 83% of the total outstanding shares of Valvoline Inc. ’5 common stock.
Valvoline Inc. ’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “VVV”.
- The total net proceeds after deducting underwriters’ discount and other offering expenses received from the IPO were
$712 million. These net proceeds were used primarily to repay debt incurred prior to the IPO and retained for Valvoline
Inc. ’3 cash on hand.
- Ashland presently intends to distribute the remaining Valvoline Inc. shares in 2017 following the release of March-quarter
earnings results by both Ashland and Valvoline Inc.
During 2016, Ashland recognized separation costs of $88 million, which are primarily related to transaction and legal fees.
Separation costs are primarily recorded within the selling, general and administrative expense caption of the Statements of
Consolidated Comprehensive Income.
Transferring of Assets and Liabilities
As of S eptember 30, 2016 Valvoline Inc. includes substantially all of the Valvoline business as historically reported by Ashland,
as well as certain other assets and liabilities transferred to Valvoline Inc. by Ashland as a part of the separation process. The largest
transferred liabilities are the net pension and other postretirement plan liabilities, which include a substantial portion of the largest
US. qualified pension plan and non-qualified U.S. pension plans. As of September 30, 2016, Valvoline Inc’s net pension and
other postretirement plan liabilities totaled approximately $900 million.
Other transferred assets and liabilities primarily consist of deferred compensation, certain Ashland legacy business insurance
reserves, tax attributes and certain trade payables. The impact of these other transferring assets and liabilities was approximately
$15 million of net assets. Additionally, any deferred tax assets and liabilities that relate specifically to these assets and liabilities
have been transferred to Valvoline Inc. as well as certain other tax liabilities as a result of the Tax Matters Agreement. For purposes
of Ashland’s 2016 segment reporting and consistent with prior periods, these transferred assets and liabilities remain included
within Unallocated and other.
N oncontrolling Interest
As a result of the Valvoline Inc. IPO, the outside stockholders’ interests in Valvoline Inc., which was approximately 17% as
of September 30, 2016, are presented separately as a noncontrolling interest within Ashland’s equity in the Consolidated Balance
Sheet. As of September 30, 20 16, the noncontrolling interest was $182 million. The amount of consolidated net income attributable
to these minority holders is presented as a separate caption on the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income.
M-2