Ashland is also subject to various federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations that require environmental
assessment or remediation efforts (collectively, environmental remediation) at multiple locations. Ashland uses engineering studies,
historical experience and other factors to identify and evaluate remediation alternatives and their related costs in determining the
estimated reserves for environmental remediation. Environmental remediation reserves are subject to numerous inherent
uncertainties that affect Ashland’s ability to estimate its share of the applicable costs. Such uncertainties involve the nature and
extent of contamination at each site, the extent of required cleanup eﬂbrts under existing environmental regulations, widely varying
costs of alternate cleanup methods, changes in environmental regulations, the potential effect of continuing improvements in
remediation technology and the number and financial strength of other potentially responsible parties at multiparty sites. As a
result, Ashland’s actual costs for environmental remediation could affect Ashland’s cash ﬂow and, to the extent costs exceed
established reserves for those liabilities, its results of operations.
Ashland is responsible for, and has ﬁnancial exposure to, liabilities from pending and threatened claims, including those
alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos, which could adversely impact Ashland’s results of operations and
cash ﬂow.
There are various claims, lawsuits and administrative proceedings pending or threatened, including those alleging personal
injury caused by exposure to asbestos, against Ashland and its current and former subsidiaries. Such actions are with respect to
commercial matters, product liability, toxic tort liability and other matters that seek remedies or damages, some of which are for
substantial amounts. While these actions are being contested, their outcome is not predictable. Ashland’s results could be adversely
affected by financial exposure to these liabilities. Insurance maintained by Ashland to protect against claims for damages alleged
by third parties is subject to coverage limitations, depending on the nature of the risk insured. This insurance may not be sufficient
to cover all of Ashland’s liabilities to others. In addition, insurance related to these types of risks may not be available now or, if
available, may not be available in the future at commercially reasonable rates. Ashland’s ability to recover from its insurers for
asbestos liabilities could also have an adverse impact on its results of operations. Projecting future asbestos costs is subject to
numerous variables that are extremely difficult to predict. In addition to the significant uncertainties surrounding the number of
claims that might be received, other variables include the type and severity of the disease alleged by each claimant, the long latency
period associated with asbestos exposure, dismissal rates, costs of medical treatment, the impact of bankruptcies of other companies
that are co-defendants in claims, uncertainties surrounding the litigation process from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and from case to
case, and the impact of potential changes in legislative or judicial standards. Furthermore, any predictions with respect to these
variables are subject to even greater uncertainty as the projection period lengthens. In light of these inherent uncertainties, Ashland
believes that its asbestos reserves represent the best estimate within a range of possible outcomes. As a part of the process to
develop these estimates of future asbestos costs, a range of long-term cost models was developed. These models are based on
national studies that predict the number of people likely to develop asbestos-related diseases and are heavily inﬂuenced by
assumptions regarding long-term inﬂation rates for indemnity payments and legal defense costs, as well as other variables mentioned
previously. Because of the inherent uncertainties in projecting future asbestos liabilities and establishing appropriate reserves,
Ashland’s actual asbestos costs could adversely affect its results of operations and, to the extent they exceed its reserves, could
adversely affect its results of operations.
Ashland’s substantial indebtedness may adversely affect its business, results of operations and ﬁnancial condition.
Ashland maintains a substantial amount of debt. Ashland’s substantial indebtedness could adversely affect its business, results
of operations and financial condition by, among other things:
- requiring Ashland to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash ﬂow from operations to pay principal and interest on its
debt, which would reduce the availability ofAshland’s cash ﬂow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
execution of its growth strategy and other general corporate purposes;
- limiting Ashland’s ability to borrow additional amounts to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt
service requirements, execution of its growth strategy and other purposes;
- making Ashland more vulnerable to adverse changes in general economic, industry and regulatory conditions and in its
business by limiting Ashland’s ﬂexibility in planning for, and making it more difficult for Ashland to react quickly to,
changing conditions;
- placing Ashland at a competitive disadvantage compared with those of its competitors that have less debt and lower debt
service requirements;
- making Ashland more vulnerable to increases in interest rates since some of its indebtedness is subject to variable rates
of interest; and
- making it more difficult for Ashland to satisfy its financial obligations.
15