NOTE 0 — LITIGATION, CLAIMS AND CONTINGENCIES (continued)
Ashland asbestos-related liability
From the range of estimates, Ashland records the amount it believes to be the best estimate of future payments for litigation
defense and claim settlement costs, which generally approximates the mid-point of the estimated range of exposure from model
results. Ashland reviews this estimate and related assumptions quarterly and annually updates the results of a non-inﬂated, non-
discounted approximate 5 0-year model developed with the assistance of HR&A.
During the most recent update completed during 2016, it was determined that the liability for Ashland asbestos-related claims
should be increased by $37 million. Total reserves for asbestos claims were $415 million at September 30, 2016 compared to
$409 million at September 30, 2015 .
A progression of activity in the asbestos reserve is presented in the following table.
(In millions) 2016 2015 2014 7
iAsbestos reserve - beginning of year $ 409 $ 438 $ 463 7
Reserve adjustment 37 — 4
Amounts paid (31) (29) (29)
Asbestos reserve - end of year 77$ 415 i 77$ 40977 77$ 438 i
Ashland asbestos-related receivables
Ashland has insurance coverage for certain litigation defense and claim settlement costs incurred in connection with its asbestos
claims, and coverage-in—place agreements exist with the insurance companies that provide substantially all of the coverage that
will be accessed.
For the Ashland asbestos-related obligations, Ashland has estimated the value of probable insurance recoveries associated
with its asbestos reserve based on management’s interpretations and estimates surrounding the available or applicable insurance
coverage, including an assumption that all solvent insurance carriers remain solvent. Substantially all of the estimated receivables
from insurance companies are expected to be due from domestic insurers, all of which are solvent.
In October 2012, Ashland and Hercules initiated various arbitration proceedings against Underwriters at Lloyd’s, certain
London companies and/or Chartis (AIG) member companies seeking to enforce these insurers’ contractual obligations to provide
indemnity for asbestos liabilities and defense costs under existing coverage-in—place agreements. In addition, Ashland and Hercules
initiated a lawsuit in Kentucky state court against certain Berkshire Hathaway entities (National Indemnity Company and Resolute
Management, Inc.) on grounds that these Berkshire Hathaway entities had wrongfully interfered with Underwriters’ and Chartis’
performance of their respective contractual obligations to provide asbestos coverage by directing the insurers to reduce and delay
certain claim payments.
On January 13, 2015, Ashland and Hercules entered into a comprehensive settlement agreement related to certain insurance
coverage for asbestos bodily injury claims with Underwriters at Lloyd’s, certain London companies and Chartis (AIG) member
companies, along with National Indemnity Company and Resolute Management, Inc., under which Ashland and Hercules received
a total of $398 million. In exchange, all claims were released against these entities for past, present and future coverage obligations
arising out of the asbestos coverage-in-place agreements that were the subject ofthe pending arbitration proceedings. In addition,
as part of this settlement, Ashland and Hercules released all claims against National Indemnity Company and Resolute Management,
Inc. in the Kentucky state court action. As a result, the arbitration proceedings and the Kentucky state court action have been
terminated.
As a result of this settlement, Ashland recorded an after-tax gain of $120 million within the discontinued operations caption
of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income during 2015. The Ashland insurance receivable balance was also
reduced as a result of this settlement by $227 million within the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
In addition, during 2015, Ashland placed $335 million of the settlement funds received into a renewable annual trust restricted
for the purpose of paying for ongoing and future litigation defense and claim settlement costs incurred in conjunction with asbestos
claims.
At September 30, 2016, Ashland’s receivable for recoveries of litigation defense and claim settlement costs from insurers
amounted to $151 million (excluding the Hercules receivable for asbestos claims), of which $6 million relates to costs previously
paid. Receivables from insurers amounted to $150 million at September 30, 2015. During 2016, the annual update of the model
used for purposes of valuing the asbestos reserve and its impact on valuation of future recoveries from insurers, was completed. This
model update resulted in a $16 million increase in the receivable for probable insurance recoveries.
F -46