of cash generation. Free cash ﬂow has certain limitations, including that it does not reﬂect adjustment for certain non-discretionary
cash ﬂows such as mandatory debt repayments. The amount of mandatory versus discretionary expenditures can vary significantly
between periods.
These non-GAAP measures should be considered supplemental in nature and should not be construed as more significant than
comparable measures defined by US. GAAP. Limitations associated with the use of these non-GAAP measures include that these
measures do not present all of the amounts associated with our results as determined in accordance with US. GAAP. The non-
GAAP measures provided are used by Ashland management and may not be determined in a manner consistent with the
methodologies used by other companies. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provide a supplemental presentation of Ashland’s
operating performance on a consolidated and reportable segment basis. Adjusted EBITDA generally includes adjustments for items
that impact comparability between periods. In addition, certain financial covenants related to Ashland’s 2015 Senior Credit
Agreement and Valvoline’s Credit Agreement are based on similar non-GAAP measures and are defined further in the sections
that reference this metric.
In accordance with US. GAAP, Ashland recognizes actuarial gains and losses for defined benefit pension and other
postretirement benefit plans annually in the fourth quarter of each ﬁscal year and whenever a plan is determined to qualify for a
remeasurement during a fiscal year. Actuarial gains and losses occur when actual experience differs from the estimates used to
allocate the change in value of pension and other postretirement benefit plans to expense throughout the year or when assumptions
change, as they may each year. Significant factors that can contribute to the recognition of actuarial gains and losses include
changes in discount rates used to remeasure pension and other postretirement obligations on an annual basis or upon a qualifying
remeasurement, differences between actual and expected returns on plan assets and other changes in actuarial assumptions, for
example, the life expectancy of plan participants. Management believes Adjusted EBITDA, which includes the expected return
on pension plan assets yet excludes both the actual return on pension plan assets and the impact of actuarial gains and losses,
provides investors with a meaningful supplemental presentation of Ashland’s operating performance (see the Adjusted EBITDA
reconciliation table on page M-8 for additional details on exact amounts included within this non-GAAP measure related to pension
and other postretirement plans.) Management believes these actuarial gains and losses are primarily financing activities that are
more reﬂective of changes in current conditions in global financial markets (and in particular interest rates) that are not directly
related to the underlying business. For further information on the actuarial assumptions and plan assets referenced above, see the
MD&A- Critical Accounting Policies - Employee benefit obligations and Note N of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Consolidated review
Net income (loss)
Ashland’s net income (loss) is primarily affected by results within operating income, net interest and other financing expense,
income taxes, discontinued operations and other significant events or transactions that are unusual or nonrecurring. Operating
income includes Ashland’s adjustment for the immediate recognition of the change in the fair value of the plan assets and net
actuarial gains and losses for defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans each fiscal year. See “Critical
Accounting Policies” for additional details regarding Ashland’s accounting policies for benefit plan obligations.
Key financial results for 2016, 2015 and 2014 included the following:
- Ashland’s net income attributable to Ashland amounted to a loss of $29 million in 2016, and income of $309 million
in 2015 and $233 million in 2014, or $(0.46), $4.48 and $3.00 diluted earnings (loss) per share, respectively.
- Ashland’s net income attributable to noncontrolling interest amounted to $1 million in 2016 and reﬂects the
noncontrolling interest of Valvoline Inc. for the three days between IPO close (September 28, 2016) and Ashland’s
fiscal year end.
- Discontinued operations, which are reported net of taxes, resulted in a loss of $31 million during 2016, and income
of $1 1 8 million and $161 million during 2015 and 2014, respectively.
- Income from continuing operations, which excludes results from discontinued operations, amounted to $3 million
in 2016, $191 million in 2015 and $72 million in 2014.
- The effective income tax expense rate of 98% for 2016, income tax benefit rate of 13% for 2015, and income tax
beneﬁt rate of 162% for 2014, were significantly affected by a number of discrete items.
- Ashland incurred pretax net interest and other financing expense of $182 million, $174 million and $166 million
during 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Certain charges associated with debt refinancing activity impacted 2016
and 2015.
- Net gain (loss) on divestitures totaled losses of $9 million and $115 million during 2016 and 2015, respectively, and
a gain of $4 million during 2014.
M-6