the response to such activities may threaten Ashland’s operations more than in those in the United States. In Europe, the effect of
economic sanctions imposed on Russia and/or Russia’s reaction to the sanctions could adversely impact Ashland’s performance
and results of operations. Social and cultural norms in certain countries may not support compliance with Ashland’s corporate
policies including those that require compliance with substantive laws and regulations. Also, changes in general economic and
political conditions in countries where Ashland operates, particularly in Europe, the Middle East and emerging markets, are a risk
to Ashland’s financial performance.
As Ashland continues to operate its business globally, its success will depend, in part, on its ability to anticipate and effectively
manage these and other related risks. There can be no assurance that the consequences of these and other factors relating to its
multinational operations will not have an adverse effect on Ashland’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
Business disruptions from natural, operational and other catastrophic risks could seriously harm Ashland’s operations
and ﬁnancial performance. In addition, a catastrophic event at one of Ashland’s facilities or involving its products or
employees could lead to liabilities that could further impair its operations and ﬁnancial performance.
Business disruptions, including those related to operating hazards inherent with the production of chemicals, natural disasters,
severe weather conditions, supply or logistics disruptions, increasing costs for energy, temporary plant and/or power outages,
information technology systems and network disruptions, cyber—security breach, terrorist attacks, armed conﬂict, war, pandemic
diseases, fires, ﬂoods or other catastrophic events, could seriously harm Ashland’s operations, as well as the operations of its
customers and suppliers, and may adversely impact Ashland’s financial performance. Although it is impossible to predict the
occurrence or consequences of any such events, they could result in reduced demand for Ashland’s products, make it difficult or
impossible for Ashland to manufacture its products or deliver products and services to its customers or to receive raw materials
from suppliers, or create delays and inefficiencies in the supply chain. In addition to leading to a serious disruption of Ashland’s
businesses, a catastrophic event at one of our facilities or involving our products or employees could lead to substantial legal
liability to or claims by parties allegedly harmed by the event.
While Ashland maintains business continuity plans that are intended to allow it to continue operations or mitigate the eﬁects
of events that could disrupt its business, Ashland cannot provide assurances that its plans would fully protect it from all such events.
In addition, insurance maintained by Ashland to protect against property damage, loss of business and other related consequences
resulting from catastrophic events is subject to coverage limitations, depending on the nature of the risk insured. This insurance
may not be sufficient to cover all of Ashland’s damages or damages to others in the event of a catastrophe. In addition, insurance
related to these types of risks may not be available now or, if available, may not be available in the future at commercially reasonable
rates.
The impact of changing laws or regulations or the manner of interpretation or enforcement of existing rules could adversely
impact Ashland’s ﬁnancial performance and restrict its ability to operate its business or execute its strategies.
New laws or regulations, or changes in existing laws or regulations or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement, could
increase Ashland’s cost of doing business and restrict its ability to operate its business or execute its strategies. This includes,
among other things, the possible taxation under US. law of certain income from foreign operations, the possible taxation under
foreign laws of certain income Ashland reports in other jurisdictions, regulations related to the protection of private information
of Ashland’s employees and customers, regulations issued by the US. Food and Drug Administration (and analogous non-U.S.
agencies) affecting Ashland and its customers, compliance with The US. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (and analogous non-U.S.
laws) and the European Union’s Registration, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) regulation (and analogous
non-EU initiatives), and costs associated with complying with the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 and the
regulations promulgated thereunder. In addition, compliance with laws and regulations is complicated by Ashland’s substantial
and growing global footprint, which will require significant and additional resources to comprehend and ensure compliance with
applicable laws in the more than one hundred countries where Ashland conducts business.
The competitive nature of Ashland’s markets may delay or prevent the Company from passing increases in raw materials
or energy costs on to its customers. In addition, certain of Ashland’s suppliers may be unable to deliver products or raw
materials or may withdraw from contractual arrangements. The occurrence of either event could adversely affectAshland’s
results of operations.
Rising and volatile raw material prices, especially those of hydrocarbon derivatives, cotton linters or wood pulp, may negatively
impact Ashland’s costs, results of operations and the valuation of its inventory. Similarly, energy costs are a significant component
of certain of Ashland’s product costs. Ashland is not always able to raise prices in response to such increased costs, and its ability
to pass on the costs of such price increases is dependent upon market conditions. Likewise, reductions in the valuation of Ashland’s
inventory due to market volatility may not be recovered and could result in losses.
Ashland purchases certain products and raw materials from suppliers, often pursuant to written supply contracts. If those
suppliers are unable to meet Ashland’s orders in atimely manner or choose to terminate or otherwise avoid contractual arrangements,
11