NOTE 0 — LITIGATION, CLAIMS AND CONTINGENCIES (continued)
valuation of future recoveries from insurers was completed. This model update resulted in a $7 million increase in the receivable
for probable insurance recoveries.
As a result of the January 2015 asbestos insurance settlement previously described, Hercules resolved all disputes with Chartis
(AIG) member companies under their existing coverage-in-place agreement for past, present and future Hercules asbestos claims.
As a result, during 2015, a $22 million reduction in the insurance receivable balance within the Consolidated Balance Sheets was
recorded.
A progression of activity in the Hercules insurance receivable is presented in the following table.
(In millions) 2016 2015 2014 7
Insurance receivable - beginning of year $ 56 $ 77 $ 75
Receivable adjustment 7 1 3
Insurance settlement — (22) —
Amounts collected 7 —7 7 —7 7 (1)
Insurance receivable - end of year $ 63 $ 56 $ 77
Asbestos litigation cost projection
Projecting future asbestos costs is subject to numerous variables that are extremely difficult to predict. In addition to the
significant uncertainties surrounding the number of claims that might be received, other variables include the type and severity of
the disease alleged by each claimant, the long latency period associated with asbestos exposure, mortality rates, dismissal rates,
costs of medical treatment, the impact of bankruptcies of other companies that are co-defendants in claims, uncertainties surrounding
the litigation process from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and from case to case, and the impact of potential changes in legislative or
judicial standards. Furthermore, any predictions with respect to these variables are subject to even greater uncertainty as the
projection period lengthens. In light of these inherent uncertainties, Ashland believes that the asbestos reserves for Ashland and
Hercules represent the best estimate within a range of possible outcomes. As a part of the process to develop these estimates of
future asbestos costs, a range of long-term cost models was developed. These models are based on national studies that predict
the number of people likely to develop asbestos-related diseases and are heavily inﬂuenced by assumptions regarding long-term
inﬂation rates for indemnity payments and legal defense costs, as well as other variables mentioned previously. Ashland has
currently estimated in various models ranging from approximately 40 to 50 year periods that it is reasonably possible that total
future litigation defense and claim settlement costs on an inﬂated and undiscounted basis could range as high as approximately
$670 million for the Ashland asbestos-related litigation (current reserve of $415 million) and approximately $490 million for the
Hercules asbestos-related litigation (current reserve of $321 million), depending on the combination of assumptions selected in
the various models. If actual experience is worse than projected, relative to the number of claims filed, the severity of alleged
disease associated with those claims or costs incurred to resolve those claims, or actuarial refinement or improvements to the
assumptions used within these models are initiated, Ashland may need to further increase the estimates of the costs associated with
asbestos claims and these increases could be material over time.
Environmental remediation and asset retirement obligations
Ashland is subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations that require environmental assessment
or remediation efforts (collectively environmental remediation) at multiple locations. At September 30, 2016, such locations
included 81 waste treatment or disposal sites where Ashland has been identified as a potentially responsible party under Superfund
or similar state laws, 130 current and former operating facilities (including certain operating facilities conveyed as part of the MAP
Transaction) and about 1,225 service station properties, of which 64 are being actively remediated.
Ashland’s reserves for environmental remediation and related environmental litigation amounted to $177 million at
September 30, 2016 compared to $186 million at September 30, 2015, of which $134 million at September 30, 2016 and $139
million at September 30, 2015 were classified in other noncurrent liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The following table provides a reconciliation of the changes in the environmental remediation reserves during 2016 and 2015.
F -48