NOTE C — ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES (continued)
Divestitures
Specialty Ingredients Joint Venture
During September 2016, Ashland entered into a definitive sale agreement to sell its ownership interest in a Specialty Ingredients
consolidated joint venture. Ashland recognized a loss of $12 million before tax in 2016 to recognize the assets at fair value less
cost to sell, using Level 2 nonrecurring fair value measurements. The loss was reported within the net gain (loss) on divestitures
caption within the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income. The net assets held for sale are not material to Ashland’s
Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Ashland determined this transaction did not qualify for discontinued operations treatment since it did not represent a strategic
shift that had or will have a major effect on Ashland’s operations and financial results. Any additional gain or loss recognized as
a result of the transaction is expected to be nominal and would be recognized in the period incurred.
Industrial Biocides
During May 2015, Ashland entered into a definitive sale agreement to sell the industrial biocides assets within Specialty
Ingredients, which closed on July 1, 2015. As a result of the sale, Ashland received net cash proceeds of approximately $30 million
during the fourth quarter of 20 1 5 and recognized a nominal gain before tax and after customary closing costs within the net gain
(loss) on divestitures caption within the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income.
The sale of Specialty Ingredients’ industrial biocides assets did not qualify for discontinued operations treatment since it did
not represent a strategic shift that had or will have a major effect on Ashland’s operations and financial results.
[MAP Transaction
As part of the 2005 transfer of Ashland’s 3 8% interest in the Marathon Ashland Petroleum LLC (MAP) joint venture and two
other small businesses to Marathon Oil Corporation (Marathon) (the MAP Transaction), Marathon is entitled to the tax deductions
for Ashland’s future payments of certain contingent liabilities, including asbestos liabilities, related to previously owned businesses
of Ashland. Marathon agreed to compensate Ashland for these tax deductions and Ashland established a discounted receivable,
which represented the estimated present value of probable recoveries from Marathon for the portion of their future tax deductions.
As a result of the January 2015 asbestos insurance settlement, Ashland recorded a $7 million charge during 2015 within the net
gain (loss) on divestitures caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income. The total MAP receivable remaining
as of September 30, 2016 was $8 million. See Note 0 for more information related to the January 2015 asbestos insurance
settlement.
Elastomers
On October 9, 2014, Ashland entered into a definitive agreement to sell the Elastomers division of the Performance Materials
reportable segment, which operated a 250-person manufacturing facility in Port Neches, Texas, to Lion Copolymer Holdings,
LLC. The Elastomers division, which primarily served the North American replacement tire market, accounted for approximately
5% of Ashland’s 2014 sales of $6.1 billion and 18% of Ashland Performance Materials” $1.6 billion in sales in 2014. The sale
was completed on December 1, 2014 in a transaction valued at approximately $120 million which was subject to working capital
adjustments. The total post-closing adjusted cash proceeds received before taxes by Ashland during 2015 was $105 million, which
included working capital adjustments and transaction costs, as defined in the definitive agreement.
Elastomers’ net assets as of November 30, 2014 were $191 million which primarily included accounts receivable, inventory,
property, plant and equipment, non-deductible goodwill and other intangibles and payables. Since the net proceeds received were
less than book value, Ashland recorded a loss of $86 million pre-tax, using Level 2 nonrecurring fair value measurements, within
the net gain (loss) on divestitures caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income during 2015. The related tax
effect was a benefit of $28 million included in the income tax expense (benefit) caption within the Statements of Consolidated
Comprehensive Income.
Ashland determined that the sale of Elastomers did not represent a strategic shift that had or will have a major effect on
Ashland’s operations and financial results. As such, Elastomers’ results were included in the Performance Materials reportable
segment results of operations and financial position within the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income and Consolidated
Balance Sheets, respectively, until its December 1, 2014 sale. Certain indirect corporate costs of $11 million for 2015 were included
within the selling, general and administrative expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income that were
previously allocated to the Elastomers division.
Water Technologies
On July 31, 2014, Ashland sold the Water Technologies business to a fund managed by Clayton, Dubilier & Rice (CD&R) in
a transaction valued at approximately $1.8 billion. The total post-closing adjusted cash proceeds received by Ashland during 2014,
before taxes, was $1.6 billion, which includes estimates for certain working capital and other post-closing adjustments, as defined
F - 1 8