On January 13, 2015 , Ashland and Hercules entered into a comprehensive settlement agreement related to certain insurance
coverage for asbestos bodily injury claims with Underwriters at Lloyd’s, certain London companies and Chartis (AIG) member
companies, along with National Indemnity Company and Resolute Management, Inc., under which Ashland and Hercules received
a total of $398 million. In exchange, all claims were released against these entities for past, present and future coverage obligations
arising out of the asbestos coverage—in—place agreements that were the subject of the pending arbitration proceedings. In addition,
as part of this settlement, Ashland and Hercules released all claims againstNational Indemnity Company and Resolute Management,
Inc. in the Kentucky state court action. As a result, the arbitration proceedings and the Kentucky state court action have been
terminated.
As a result of this settlement, Ashland recorded an after-tax gain of $120 million within the discontinued operations caption
of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income during 2015. The Ashland insurance receivable balance was also
reduced as a result of this settlement by $227 million within the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
In addition, during 2015, Ashland placed $335 million of the settlement funds received into a renewable annual trust restricted
for the purpose of paying for ongoing and future litigation defense and claim settlement costs incurred in conjunction with asbestos
claims.
During 20 16, Ashland entered into settlement agreements totaling $4 million with certain insurers, which resulted in a reduction
of the Ashland insurance receivable within the Consolidated Balance Sheets by the same amount. Ashland placed $4 million of
the settlement funds into the renewable annual trust.
At September 30, 2016, Ashland’s receivable for recoveries of litigation defense and claim settlement costs from insurers
amounted to $151 million (excluding the Hercules receivable for asbestos claims), of which $6 million relates to costs previously
paid. Receivables from insurers amounted to $150 million at September 30, 2015. During 2016, the annual update of the model
used for purposes of valuing the asbestos reserve and its impact on valuation of future recoveries from insurers, was completed. This
model update resulted in a $16 million increase in the receivable for probable insurance recoveries.
Hercules asbestos-related litigation
Hercules has liabilities from claims alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos. Such claims typically arise from
alleged exposure to asbestos fibers from resin encapsulated pipe and tank products which were sold by one of Hercules’ former
subsidiaries to a limited industrial market. The amount and timing of settlements and number of open claims can ﬂuctuate from
period to period.
Hercules asbestos-related liability
From the range of estimates, Ashland records the amount it believes to be the best estimate of future payments for litigation
defense and claim settlement costs, which generally approximates the mid-point of the estimated range of exposure from model
results. Ashland reviews this estimate and related assumptions quarterly and annually updates the results of a non-inﬂated, non-
discounted approximate 50-year model developed with the assistance of HR&A. As a result of the most recent annual update of
this estimate, completed during 2016, it was determined that the liability for Hercules asbestos-related claims should be increased
by $25 million. Total reserves for asbestos claims were $321 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $311 million at
September 30, 2015.
Hercules asbestos-related receivables
For the Hercules asbestos-related obligations, certain reimbursement obligations pursuant to coverage—in—place agreements
with insurance carriers exist. As a result, any increases in the asbestos reserve have been partially offset by probable insurance
recoveries. Ashland has estimated the value of probable insurance recoveries associated with its asbestos reserve based on
management’s interpretations and estimates surrounding the available or applicable insurance coverage, including an assumption
that all solvent insurance carriers remain solvent. The estimated receivable consists exclusively of solvent domestic insurers.
As a result of the January 2015 asbestos insurance settlement previously described, Hercules resolved all disputes with Chartis
(AIG) member companies under their existing coverage—in—place agreement for past, present and future Hercules asbestos claims.
As a result, during 2015, a $22 million reduction in the insurance receivable balance within the Consolidated Balance Sheets was
recorded.
As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the receivables from insurers amounted to $63 million and $56 million,
respectively. During 2016, the annual update of the model used for purposes of valuing the asbestos reserve and its impact on
valuation of future recoveries from insurers was completed. This model update resulted in a $7 million increase in the receivable
for probable insurance recoveries.
Asbestos litigation cost projection
Projecting future asbestos costs is subject to numerous variables that are extremely difficult to predict. In addition to the
significant uncertainties surrounding the number of claims that might be received, other variables include the type and severity of
M—39