NOTE N — EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (continued)
Pension annuity program
On September 15, 2016, Valvoline Inc. purchased a non-participating annuity contract with pension plan assets from Prudential
Insurance Company of America (Prudential) to pay and administer future pension benefits for approximately 14,800 participants
within the primary U. S. pension plan. Ashland transferred $378 million of the outstanding pension benefit obligation to Prudential
in exchange for pension trust assets whose value approximated the liability value. The annuity purchase transaction did not generate
a material settlement adjustment during 2016. Prudential has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the full payment of
beneﬁts to plan participants associated with the annuity purchase and benefit payments will be in the same form that was in effect
under the Plan. Prudential has also assumed all investment risk associated with the pension assets that were delivered as annuity
contract premiums.
Pension plan settlement program
During 2015, Ashland informed approximately 20,000 former employees, who were included in the approximately 53,000
participants within the primary U.S. pension plans, that Ashland was oﬂering these participants the option of receiving a lump
sum payment on their vested retirement benefit or a reduced annuity now, in lieu of receiving monthly annuity payments deferred
until retirement eligibility or when the participant may choose to initiate payment. During August 2015, approximately 12,000
participants elected to participate in the settlement program which resulted in approximately $475 million in settlement payments
made from the affected pension plans during September 2015. Settlement payments were funded with pension plan assets, which
included the $500 million contribution made during the third quarter of fiscal 2015. Additionally, as a result of this settlement
program, Ashland recognized a $3 million settlement gain during 2015, of which $1 million and $2 million was recognized in the
cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expense captions, respectively, within the Statements of Consolidated
Comprehensive Income.
Pension plans divested
As a result of the sale of the Water Technologies business on July 31, 2014, certain non-U.S. pension plans, with a net benefit
obligation of $70 million were fully transferred.
Other postretirement beneﬁt plans
Ashland and its subsidiaries sponsor health care and life insurance plans for eligible employees in the US. and Canada who
retire or are disabled. Ashland’s retiree life insurance plans are noncontributory, while Ashland shares the costs of providing health
care coverage with its retired employees through premiums, deductibles and coinsurance provisions. Ashland funds its share of
the costs of the postretirement benefit plans as the benefits are paid. Employees hired after June 30, 2003, and participating in the
Ashland plans, will have access to any retiree health care coverage that may be provided, but will have no Ashland company funds
available to help pay for such coverage.
Since January 1, 2004, Ashland’s legacy plans have limited their annual per capita costs to an amount equivalent to base year
per capita costs, plus annual increases of up to 1.5% per year for costs incurred. As a result, health care cost trend rates have no
significant effect on the amounts reported for the health care plans. Premiums for retiree health care coverage are equivalent to
the excess of the estimated per capita costs over the amounts borne by Ashland.
For certain other plans that have been acquired, the assumed postretirement health care plans include a limit on Ashland’s
share of costs for recent and future retirees. The assumed pre-65 health care cost trend rate as of September 30, 2016 was 7.9%
and continues to be reduced to 4.50% in 2037 and thereafter. The assumptions used to project the liability anticipate future cost—
sharing changes to the written plans that are consistent with the increase in health care cost. Employees hired after December 31,
2002 will have access to any retiree health care coverage that may be provided, but will have no Ashland company funds available
to help pay for such coverage.
In May 2010, Ashland implemented changes for all plans, effective January 1, 2011, eliminating post-65 benefit coverage for
those eligible participants retiring on or after January 1, 2016. In September 2011, Ashland adopted a plan amendment for the
legacy Ashland plans to change the current post-65 Ashland Medical plan to Medicare Advantage plan. This change was effective
January 1, 2012, at which time Ashland no longer applied for the Medicare Part D subsidy. In September 2012, Ashland further
reduced the employer subsidy for the post-65 Ashland legacy Medicare Advantage Plan to account for the impact of certain changes
to the prescription drug program adopted as part of the September 201 1 plan amendment. During March 2016, Ashland announced
that it will eliminate post-65 and pre-65 retiree medical subsidies for active employees participating in Ashland sponsored plans.
Additionally, Ashland announced that it will eliminate retiree life insurance benefits to active employees. These changes to retiree
medical and life benefits are effective January 1, 2017 and October 1, 2016, respectively. This amendment reduced the benefit
obligations by $86 million, which will be amortized to income in future periods.
F -3 8