the disease alleged by each claimant, the long latency period associated with asbestos exposure, mortality rates, dismissal rates,
costs of medical treatment, the impact of bankruptcies of other companies that are co-defendants in claims, uncertainties surrounding
the litigation process from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and from case to case, and the impact of potential changes in legislative or
judicial standards. Furthermore, any predictions with respect to these variables are subject to even greater uncertainty as the
projection period lengthens. In light of these inherent uncertainties, Ashland believes that the asbestos reserves for Ashland and
Hercules represent the best estimate within a range of possible outcomes. As a part of the process to develop these estimates of
future asbestos costs, a range of long-term cost models was developed. These models are based on national studies that predict
the number of people likely to develop asbestos-related diseases and are heavily inﬂuenced by assumptions regarding long-term
inﬂation rates for indemnity payments and legal defense costs, as well as other variables mentioned previously. Ashland has
currently estimated in various models ranging from approximately 40 to 50 year periods that it is reasonably possible that total
future litigation defense and claim settlement costs on an inﬂated and undiscounted basis could range as high as approximately
$670 million for the Ashland asbestos-related litigation (current reserve of $415 million) and approximately $490 million for the
Hercules asbestos-related litigation (current reserve of $321 million), depending on the combination of assumptions selected in
the various models. If actual experience is worse than projected, relative to the number of claims filed, the severity of alleged
disease associated with those claims or costs incurred to resolve those claims, or actuarial refinement or improvements to the
assumptions used within these models are initiated, Ashland may need to further increase the estimates of the costs associated
with asbestos claims and these increases could be material over time.
Environmental remediation and asset retirement obligations
Ashland is subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations that require environmental assessment
or remediation efforts (collectively environmental remediation) at multiple locations. At September 30, 2016, such locations
included 81 waste treatment or disposal sites where Ashland has been identified as a potentially responsible party under Superfund
or similar state laws, 130 current and former operating facilities (including certain operating facilities conveyed as part of the MAP
Transaction) and about 1,225 service station properties, of which 64 are being actively remediated.
Ashland’s reserves for environmental remediation and related environmental litigation amounted to $177 million at
September 30, 2016 compared to $186 million at September 30, 2015, of which $134 million at September 30, 2016 and $139
million at September 30, 2015 were classified in other noncurrent liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The total reserves for environmental remediation reﬂect Ashland’s estimates of the most likely costs that will be incurred over
an extended period to remediate identified conditions for which the costs are reasonably estimable, without regard to any third-
party recoveries. Engineering studies, probability techniques, historical experience and other factors are used to identify and
evaluate remediation alternatives and their related costs in determining the estimated reserves for environmental
remediation. Ashland continues to discount certain environmental sites and regularly adjusts its reserves as environmental
remediation continues. Ashland has estimated the value of its probable insurance recoveries associated with its environmental
reserve based on management’s interpretations and estimates surrounding the available or applicable insurance coverage. At
September 30, 2016 and 2015, Ashland’s recorded receivable for these probable insurance recoveries was $23 million, of which
$15 million and $16 million, respectively, were classified in other noncurrent assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Environmental remediation reserves are subject to numerous inherent uncertainties that affect Ashland’s ability to estimate
its share of the costs. Such uncertainties involve the nature and extent of contamination at each site, the extent of required cleanup
efforts under existing environmental regulations, widely varying costs of alternate cleanup methods, changes in environmental
regulations, the potential effect of continuing improvements in remediation technology, and the number and financial strength of
other potentially responsible parties at multiparty sites. Although it is not possible to predict with certainty the ultimate costs of
environmental remediation, Ashland currently estimates that the upper end of the reasonably possible range of future costs for
identified sites could be as high as approximately $380 million. No individual remediation location is significant, as the largest
reserve for any site is less than 15% of the remediation reserve.
OUTLOOK
Ashland expects Specialty Ingredients to report improved growth and profitability during 2017 despite an expected low global
growth environment. For the year, Ashland expects Adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of $480 million to $510 million, with
similar seasonal patterns compared to fiscal 2016.
Ashland expects Performance Materials during 2017 to report Adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of $95 million to $105
million, which includes an estimated impact of $20 million from expected lower pricing for butanediol and related derivatives
compared to 2016. Within the Composites division, volume and margin results are expected to be generally consistent with 2016.
Within the Intermediates/ Solvents division, butanediol and related derivatives pricing is expected to remain well below prior year
levels through the ﬁrst three quarters of fiscal 2017.
M—40