units within the Performance Materials reportable segment, and the Core North America, Quick Lubes and International reporting
units within the Valvoline reportable segments.
Goodwill associated with the reporting units as of September 30, 2016 was $1,991 million for Specialty Ingredients, $147
million for Composites, and for the Valvoline business includes $89 million for Core North America, $135 million for Quick Lubes
and $39 million for International. The goodwill balance for Intermediates/ S olvents was reduced to zero as a result of an impairment
charge recorded during 2016.
In the first step of the impairment model, Ashland compares the carrying value of each reporting unit to its respective estimated
fair value. Ashland makes various estimates and assumptions in determining the estimated fair values of those reporting units
through the use of a combination of discounted cash ﬂow models and valuations based on earnings multiples for guideline public
companies in each reporting unit’s industry peer group. Discounted cash ﬂow models are highly reliant on various
assumptions. Significant assumptions Ashland utilized in these models for the current year included: projected business results
and future industry direction, long-term growth factors and weighted-average cost of capital. The base models of future financial
performance projections utilized in the goodwill impairment assessment reﬂect conservative assumptions on future operating
performance as approved by Management and the Board of Directors. Ashland uses assumptions that it deems to be reasonable
estimates of likely future events and compares the total fair values of each reporting unit to Ashland’s market capitalization, and
implied control premium, to determine if the fair values are reasonable compared to external market indicators. Subsequent changes
in these key assumptions could affect the results of future goodwill impairment reviews.
If the comparison of the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value indicates that a reporting unit’s estimated
fair value is less than its carrying value, a second step is required. If applicable, the second step requires the fair value of the
reporting unit be allocated to the estimated fair value of the reporting unit’s net assets, with any fair value in excess of amounts
allocated to such net assets representing the implied fair value of goodwill for that reporting unit. The implied goodwill balance
is compared to the carrying value of goodwill for the actual reporting unit to determine the goodwill impairment amount.
In conjunction with the July 1, 2016 annual assessment of goodwill, Ashland’s valuation techniques did not indicate any
impairment for Specialty Ingredients, Composites, Core North America, Quick Lubes or International as the fair value for each
of these reporting units exceeded the carrying value by 25% or greater. Based on sensitivity analyses performed, a negative 1%
change in the long-term growth factor and the weighted-average cost of capital assumption, which are key assumptions, would
not have resulted in the carrying value of these reporting units to exceed their respective calculated fair value. Because the fair
value results for these reporting units did not indicate a potential impairment existed, Ashland did not record any goodwill
impairment for these reporting units during 2016, 2015, and 2014. Subsequent to this annual impairment test, no indicators of
impairment were identified for any of these reporting units.
In conjunction with the July 1, 2016 annual assessment of impairment of goodwill, Ashland’s valuation techniques determined
that the carrying value of the Intermediates/Solvents reporting unit exceeded its fair value at July 1, 2016, which resulted in the
reporting unit failing the first step of the goodwill impairment test. Ashland then performed the second step of the goodwill
impairment test, which involved, among other things, obtaining third-party appraisals of substantially all of Intermediates/ S olvents
tangible and intangible assets. Based on the results of its goodwill impairment testing as of July 1, 2016, Ashland recorded a pre-
tax goodwill impairment charge of $171 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, which is in addition to a $10 million impairment
related to Intermediates/Solvents property, plant and equipment, resulted in a total $181 million impairment charge for
Intermediates/ Solvents during 2016.
Key factors that affected Ashland’s conclusion that an impairment of the Intermediates/ Solvents reporting unit had occurred
during the fourth quarter included the continued deterioration in the butanediol commodity market during 2016. Market conditions
for butanediol, a commodity chemical used in the production of polymers, solvents and fine chemicals, can vary significantly from
year to year or even quarter to quarter. Throughout 2016, increasing levels of overcapacity for butanediol in the market, particularly
in China, and the resulting weak pricing had a cumulating negative impact on the financial performance of the Intermediates/
Solvents division. Butanediol commodity contract prices have fallen consistently over the past several quarters. These factors
contributed significantly to lower expected EBITDA results within the longer-term forecast period. Ashland prepares its annual
forecast mid-August through October each year. As the 2016 forecast was developed, Ashland considered many factors when
assessing the outlook for 2017 and beyond. Because of these factors, Ashland revised its forecasts down significantly, which
ultimately led to the goodwill and other long-lived asset impairment charge for the Intermediates/ Solvents reporting unit during
the fourth quarter of 2016.
Ashland assessed and summed the total fair values of each reporting unit to Ashland’s market capitalization at the annual
assessment date to determine if the fair values are reasonable compared to external market indicators. The calculated fair value
for each reporting unit summed together exceeded Ashland’s market capitalization at the annual assessment date by approximately
16%. Ashland evaluated this implied control premium by comparing it to control premiums of recent comparable transactions,
noting the 16% implied control premium was below levels of other recent comparable transactions. Accordingly, Ashland believed
that its calculated fair values for its reporting units was an appropriately conservative estimate of fair value for purposes of the
M-34