NOTE Q — STOCK INCENTIVE PLANS (continued)
As of September 30, 2016, there was $8 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested performance
share awards. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 1.7 years.
Other commitments
Executive performance incentive and retention program
During 2016, certain executives were granted 260 thousand performance-based restricted shares of Ashland in order to provide
an incentive to remain employed in the period after the full separation. At September 30, 2016, total nonvested shares outstanding,
assuming vesting at the 100% performance level, are 264 thousand shares, which includes the cumulative value of forfeitable
dividends.
The expense associated with these awards is contingent upon the completion of the full separation and therefore will not be
recorded until the full and complete separation occurs. Based on the price of Ashland’s common stock on the grant date, the total
estimated unrecognized compensation expense is $15 million assuming the performance mid-point target is met. At that time, the
awards will be recognized ratable over the remaining vesting period.
NOTE R — REPORTABLE SEGMENT INFORMATION
Ashland determines its reportable segments based on how operations are managed internally for the products and services
sold to customers, including how the results are reviewed by the chief operating decision maker, which includes determining
resource allocation methodologies used for reportable segments. Operating income is the primary measure reviewed by the chief
operating decision maker in assessing each reportable segment’s financial performance.
Ashland performed an internal structural review and comprehensive assessment of its operations and reportable segments and
concluded that its operating and reportable segments were Specialty Ingredients, Performance Materials and Valvoline. Ashland
does not aggregate operating segments to arrive at these reportable segments.
Reportable segment business descriptions
Specialty Ingredients is a global leader in cellulose ethers, vinyl pyrrolidones and biofunctionals. It offers industry—leading
products, technologies and resources for solving formulation and product-performance challenges. Specialty Ingredients uses
natural, synthetic and semisynthetic polymers derived from cellulose ethers, vinyl pyrrolidones, acrylic polymers, polyester and
polyurethane-based adhesives, and plant and seed extract. Specialty Ingredients includes two divisions, Consumer Specialties and
Industrial Specialties, that offer comprehensive and innovative solutions for today’s demanding consumer and industrial
applications. Key customers include: pharmaceutical companies; makers of personal care products, food and beverages;
manufacturers of paint, coatings and construction materials; packaging and converting; and oilfield service companies. During
2015, Ashland sold the industrial biocides assets within Specialty Ingredients. See Note C for information on the divestiture of
these assets.
Performance Materials is a global leader in unsaturated polyester resins and vinyl ester resins. The business unit has leading
positions in gelcoats, maleic anhydride, butanediol, tetrahydrofuran, N-Methylpyrrolidone and other intermediates and solvents.
Key customers include: manufacturers of residential and commercial building products; industrial product specifiers and
manufacturers; wind blade and pipe manufacturers; automotive and truck OEM suppliers; boatbuilders; engineered plastics and
electronic producers; and specialty chemical manufacturers. Results from the former Elastomers division were included in
Performance Materials” results of operations within the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income until its December 1,
2014 sale. See Note C for information on the divestiture of the Elastomers division.
Valvoline is a leading worldwide producer and distributor of premium-branded automotive, commercial and industrial
lubricants, and automotive chemicals. In 2016, it ranked as the #2 quick-lube chain by number of stores and #3 passenger car
motor oil in the DIY market by volume brand in the United States. The brand operates and franchises 1,068 Valvoline Instant Oil
ChangeSM centers in the United States. It also markets ValvolineTM lubricants and automotive chemicals; MaxLifeTM lubricants
created for higher-mileage engines; SynPowerTM synthetic motor oil; and ZerexTM antifreeze. Key customers include: retail auto
parts stores and mass merchandisers who sell to consumers; installers, such as car dealers, repair shops and quick lubes; commercial
ﬂeets; and distributors. During 2016, Ashland completed the acquisition of Oil Can Henry’s resulting in the addition of 89 quick-
lube stores. See Note B for information on the acquisition of Oil Can Henry’s. During 2015, Ashland sold its Valvoline car care
product assets, including Car BriteTM and Eagle OneTM automotive appearance products, and sold its j oint venture equity investment
in Venezuela. See Note B for information on the divestiture of this investment and the car care product assets.
During 2015 , Ashland announced a plan to separate Valvoline into an independent, publicly traded company. On September
22, 2016, Ashland and Valvoline Inc. announced an IPO of Valvoline Inc.’s common stock at a price to the public of $22.00 per
share and closed the IPO on September 28, 2016. As a result of the IPO, Ashland maintains an approximately 83% ownership
F-56