Ashland’s success depends upon its ability to attract and retain key employees and the identiﬁcation and development of
talent to succeed senior management.
Ashland’s success depends on its ability to attract and retain key personnel, and Ashland relies heavily on its management
team. The inability to recruit and retain key personnel or the unexpected loss of key personnel may adversely affect Ashland’s
operations. Also, a substantial portion of Ashland’s U.S.-based employees will be retirement-eligible within the next five years.
That, combined with the relatively small number of middle tier managers with substantial experience in place to replace this group
of retirement eligible employees, increases the potential negative impact of the risk that key employees could leave the Company.
This risk of unwanted employee turnover also is substantial in positions that require certain technical expertise and geographically
in developing markets which Ashland has targeted for growth, especially in Asia, India, South America and Eastern Europe. In
addition, because of its reliance on its management team, Ashland’s future success depends, in part, on its ability to identify and
develop talent to succeed its senior management and other key positions throughout the organization. If Ashland fails to identify
and develop successors, the company is at risk of being harmed by the departures of these key employees.
Ashland’s business exposes it to potential product liability claims and recalls, which could adversely affect its ﬁnancial
condition and performance.
The development, manufacture and sale of specialty chemical and other products by Ashland, including products produced
for the food, beverage, personal care, pharmaceutical and nutritional supplement industries, involve an inherent risk of exposure
to product liability claims, product recalls, product seizures and related adverse publicity. A product liability claim or judgment
against Ashland could also result in substantial and unexpected expenditures, affect consumer or customer confidence in its products,
and divert management’s attention from other responsibilities. Although Ashland maintains product liability insurance, there can
be no assurance that this type or the level of coverage is adequate or that Ashland will be able to continue to maintain its existing
insurance or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. A product recall or a partially or completely uninsured
product liability judgment against Ashland could have a material adverse effect on its reputation, results of operations and financial
condition.
Ashland uses information technology (IT) systems to conduct business and these IT systems are at risk of potential disruption
and cyber security threats.
Ashland’s businesses rely on their IT systems to operate efficiently and in some cases, at all. Ashland employs third parties
to maintain aspects of its IT systems and the functions of backing up and securing those systems. A partial or complete failure of
Ashland’s IT systems or those of our third parties managing, providing or servicing them for any amount of time more than several
hours could result in significant business disruption causing harm to Ashland’s reputation, results of operations or financial
condition. In addition, the nature of our businesses, the markets we serve, and geographic profile of our operations make Ashland
a target of cyber security threats. Despite steps Ashland takes to mitigate or eliminate them, cyber security threats to our systems
are increasing and becoming more advanced and could occur as a result of the activity of hackers, employee error or employee
misconduct. A breach of our IT systems could lead to the loss and destruction of trade secrets, conﬁdential information, proprietary
data, intellectual property, customer and supplier data, and employee personal information, and could disrupt business operations
which could adversely affect Ashland’s relationships with business partners and harm our brands, reputation, and financial results.
Ashland’s substantial global operations subject it to risks of doing business in foreign countries, which could adversely
affect its business, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
Excluding Valvoline, approximately 60% of Ashland’s net sales for fiscal 2017 are expected to be to customers outside of
North America. Ashland expects sales from international markets to continue to represent an even larger portion of the Company’s
sales in the future. Also, a significant portion of Ashland’s manufacturing capacity is located outside of the United States.
Accordingly, Ashland’s business is subj ect to risks related to the diﬁering legal, political, cultural, social and regulatory requirements
and economic conditions of many jurisdictions.
The global nature of Ashland’s business presents difficulties in hiring and maintaining a workforce in certain countries.
Fluctuations in exchange rates may affect product demand and may adversely affect the profitability in US. dollars of products
and services provided in foreign countries. In addition, foreign countries may impose additional withholding taxes or otherwise
tax Ashland’s foreign income, or adopt other restrictions on foreign trade or investment, including currency exchange controls.
The imposition of tariffs is also a risk that could impair Ashland’s financial performance.
Certain legal and political risks are also inherent in the operation of a company with Ashland’s global scope. For example,
if the United States withdraws from or engages in renegotiation of trade agreements such as the North American Free Trade
Agreement and the Trans-Pacific Partnership or more aggressively prosecutes trade disputes with countries like China, Ashland’s
ability to do business and execute its growth strategies could be adversely affected. In addition, it may be more difficult for Ashland
to enforce its agreements or collect receivables through foreign legal systems. There is a risk that foreign governments may
nationalize private enterprises in certain countries where Ashland operates. In certain countries or regions, terrorist activities and
10