In addition, Ashland may not be able to generate sufficient cash ﬂow from its operations to repay its indebtedness when it becomes
due and to meet its other cash needs. If Ashland is not able to pay its debts as they become due, it could be in default under its
credit facility or other indebtedness. Ashland might also be required to pursue one or more alternative strategies to repay
indebtedness, such as selling assets, refinancing or restructuring its indebtedness or selling additional debt or equity securities.
Ashland may not be able to refinance its debt or sell additional debt or equity securities or its assets on favorable terms, if at all,
and if Ashland must sell its assets, it may negatively affect its ability to generate revenues.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Ashland’s corporate headquarters is located in Covington, Kentucky. Principal offices of other major operations are located
in Wilmington, Delaware (Specialty Ingredients); Bridgewater, New Jersey (Specialty Ingredients); Dublin, Ohio (Specialty
Ingredients and Performance Materials), Lexington, Kentucky (Valvoline - includes its current corporate headquarters pursuant
to a lease that expires March 31, 2017, and a new long-term lease for its new corporate headquarters, which is currently under
construction); and Barendrecht, the Netherlands; Shanghai, China; Hyderabad, India; Warsaw, Poland; and Schaffhausen,
Switzerland (each of which are shared service centers of Ashland’s business units). All of these office buildings are leased, except
for portions of the Dublin, Ohio and the current Lexington, Kentucky facilities that are owned. Principal manufacturing, marketing
and other materially important physical properties of Ashland and its subsidiaries are described within the applicable business
units under “Item 1” in this annual report on Form 10-K. All of Ashland’s physical properties are owned or leased. Ashland
believes its physical properties are suitable and adequate for the Company’s business. Additional information concerning certain
leases may be found in Note L of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this annual report on Form 10-K.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The following is a description of Ashland’s material legal proceedings.
Asbestos-Related Litigation
Ashland is subject to liabilities from claims alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos. Such claims result
primarily from indemnification obligations undertaken in 1990 in connection with the sale of Riley Stoker Corporation (Riley), a
former subsidiary. Although Riley was neither a producer nor a manufacturer of asbestos, its industrial boilers contained some
asbestos-containing components provided by other companies.
Hercules LLC (formerly Hercules Incorporated), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Ashland, is also subject to liabilities
from asbestos-related personal injury lawsuits involving claims which typically arise from alleged exposure to asbestos fibers from
resin encapsulated pipe and tank products which were sold by one of Hercules’ former subsidiaries to a limited industrial market.
Ashland and Hercules are also defendants in lawsuits alleging exposure to asbestos at facilities formerly or presently owned
or operated by Ashland or Hercules.
For additional detailed information regarding liabilities arising from asbestos-related litigation, see “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis - Critical Accounting Policies - Asbestos Litigation” and Note O of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in
this annual report on Form 10-K.
Environmental Proceedings
(a) CERCLA and Similar State Law Sites - Under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability
Act of 1980 and similar state laws, Ashland and its subsidiaries may be subject to joint and several liability for cleanup costs in
connection with alleged releases of hazardous substances at sites where it has been identified as a “potentially responsible
party” (PRP). As of September 30, 2016, Ashland and its subsidiaries have been identiﬁed as a PRP by US. federal and state
authorities, or by private parties seeking contribution, for the cost of environmental investigation and/or cleanup at 81 waste
treatment or disposal sites. These sites are currently subject to ongoing investigation and remedial activities, overseen by the
United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) or a state agency, in which Ashland or its subsidiaries are typically
participating as a member of a PRP group. Generally, the types of relief sought include remediation of contaminated soil and/or
groundwater, reimbursement for past costs of site cleanup and administrative oversight and/or long-term monitoring of
environmental conditions at the sites. The ultimate costs are not predictable with assurance.
16