NOTE A — SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
comparison indicates that a reporting unit’s estimated fair value is less than its carrying value, a second step is required. If applicable,
the second step requires the fair value of the reporting unit to be allocated to the estimated fair value of the reporting unit’s net
assets, with any fair value in excess of amounts allocated to such net assets representing the implied fair value of goodwill for that
reporting unit. The implied goodwill balance is compared to the actual carrying value of goodwill for the reporting unit to determine
the goodwill impairment amount.
Ashland tests its indefinite-lived intangible assets, principally trademarks and trade names, using a “relief-from-royalty”
valuation method compared to the carrying value. Significant assumptions inherent in the valuation methodologies for goodwill
and other intangibles are employed and include, but are not limited to, such estimates as future projected business results, growth
rates, the weighted-average cost of capital for a market participant, and royalty and discount rates. If the carrying value of an
individual indeﬁnite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, such individual indefinite-lived intangible asset is written down
by an amount equal to such excess.
Finite-lived intangible assets principally consist of certain trademarks and trade names, intellectual property, and customer
lists. These intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The cost of trademarks and
trade names is amortized principally over 3 to 25 years, intellectual property over 5 to 20 years and customer relationships over
3 to 24 years. Ashland reviews finite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Ashland monitors these changes and events on at least a quarterly basis.
For further information on goodwill and other intangible assets, see Note I.
Derivative instruments
Ashland regularly uses derivative instruments to manage its exposure to ﬂuctuations in foreign currencies and certain
commodities. All derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities on the balance sheet and are measured at fair
value. Changes in the fair value of all derivatives are recognized immediately in income unless the derivative qualifies as a hedge
of future cash ﬂows or a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation. Gains and losses related to a hedge are either recognized
in income immediately to offset the gain or loss on the hedged item, or deferred and recorded in the stockholders’ equity section
of the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income and subsequently recognized in
the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income when the hedged item affects net income. The ineffective portion of the
change in fair value of a hedge is recognized in income immediately. For additional information on derivative instruments, see
Note G.
Restricted investments
On January 13, 2015, Ashland and Hercules LLC (formerly Hercules Incorporated), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
Ashland that was acquired in 2009, entered into a comprehensive settlement agreement related to certain insurance coverage for
asbestos bodily injury claims with Underwriters at Lloyd’s, certain London companies and Chartis (AIG) member companies,
along with National Indemnity Company and Resolute Management, Inc., under which Ashland and Hercules received a total of
$398 million (the January 2015 asbestos insurance settlement). During 2015, Ashland placed $335 million of the settlement funds
into a renewable annual trust restricted for the purpose of paying ongoing and future litigation defense and claim settlement costs
incurred in conjunction with asbestos claims. These funds are presented primarily as noncurrent assets, with $30 million classified
within other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and 2015.
As of September 30, 2016, the funds within the trust were primarily invested in equity and corporate bond investments with
a portion maintained in demand deposits. The funds within the trust are classified as available-for—sale securities. Available-for-
sale securities are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of related deferred income taxes, included in the
stockholders’ equity section of the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income.
Interest income and realized gains and losses on the available-for-sale securities are reported in the net interest and other financing
expense caption in the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income. See Notes G and O for additional information regarding
fair value of these investments within the trust and the January 2015 asbestos insurance settlement.
Revenue recognition
Sales generally are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, products are received or services are
provided to customers, the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectibility is reasonably assured. Certain shipping and
handling costs paid by the customer are recorded in sales, while those costs paid by Ashland are recorded in cost of sales.
Expense recognition
Cost of sales include material and production costs, as well as the costs of inbound and outbound freight, purchasing and
receiving, inspection, warehousing, internal transfers and all other distribution network costs. Selling, general and administrative
expense includes sales and marketing costs, advertising, customer support, environmental remediation, corporate and divisional
administrative and other costs. Advertising costs ($64 million in 2016, $62 million in 2015 and $63 million in 2014) and research
and development costs ($100 million in 2016, $110 million in 2015 and $114 million in 2014) are expensed as incurred.
F -12