valuation allowances against deferred tax assets, the resulting change in the valuation allowance would generally impact earnings
or other comprehensive income depending on the nature of the respective deferred tax asset. Additionally, the positions taken
with regard to tax contingencies may be subject to audit and review by tax authorities, which may result in future taxes, interest
and penalties. Positive and negative evidence is considered in determining the need for a valuation allowance against deferred
tax assets, which includes such evidence as historical earnings, projected future earnings, tax planning strategies and expected
timing of reversal of existing temporary differences.
In determining the recoverability of deferred tax assets Ashland gives consideration to all available positive and negative
evidence including reversals of deferred tax liabilities (other than those with an indefinite reversal period), projected future taxable
income, tax planning strategies and recent ﬁnancial operations. Ashland attaches the most weight to historical earnings due to
their verifiable nature. In evaluating the objective evidence that historical results provide, we consider three years of cumulative
income or loss. In addition, Ashland has reﬂected increases and decreases in our valuation allowance based on the overall weight
of positive versus negative evidence on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis.
Asbestos litigation
Ashland and Hercules, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of Ashland that was acquired in 2009, have liabilities from
claims alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos. To assist in developing and annually updating independent reserve
estimates for future asbestos claims and related costs given various assumptions, Ashland retained Hamilton, Rabinovitz &
Associates, Inc. (HR&A). The methodology used by HR&A to project future asbestos costs is based largely on recent experience,
including claim-filing and settlement rates, disease mix, enacted legislation, open claims and litigation defense. The claim
experience of Ashland and Hercules are separately compared to the results of previously conducted third party epidemiological
studies estimating the number of people likely to develop asbestos-related diseases. Those studies were undertaken in connection
with national analyses of the population expected to have been exposed to asbestos. Using that information, HR&A estimates a
range of the number of future claims that may be filed, as well as the related costs that may be incurred in resolving those claims.
Changes in asbestos-related liabilities and receivables are recorded on an after-tax basis within the discontinued operations caption
in the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income. See Note 0 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
Ashland asbestos-related litigation
The claims alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos asserted against Ashland result primarily from
indemnification obligations undertaken in 1990 in connection with the sale of Riley, a former subsidiary. The amount and timing
of settlements and number of open claims can ﬂuctuate from period to period.
Ashland asbestos-related liability
From the range of estimates, Ashland records the amount it believes to be the best estimate of future payments for litigation
defense and claim settlement costs, which generally approximates the mid-point of the estimated range of exposure from model
results. Ashland reviews this estimate and related assumptions quarterly and annually updates the results of a non-inﬂated, non-
discounted approximate 50-year model developed with the assistance of HR&A.
During the most recent update completed during 2016, it was determined that the liability for Ashland asbestos-related claims
should be increased by $37 million. Total reserves for asbestos claims were $415 million at September 30, 2016 compared to
$409 million at September 30, 2015.
Ashland asbestos-related receivables
Ashland has insurance coverage for certain litigation defense and claim settlement costs incurred in connection with its asbestos
claims, and coverage—in—place agreements exist with the insurance companies that provide substantially all of the coverage that
will be accessed.
For the Ashland asbestos-related obligations, Ashland has estimated the value of probable insurance recoveries associated
with its asbestos reserve based on management’s interpretations and estimates surrounding the available or applicable insurance
coverage, including an assumption that all solvent insurance carriers remain solvent. Substantially all of the estimated receivables
from insurance companies are expected to be due from domestic insurers, all of which are solvent.
In October 2012, Ashland and Hercules initiated various arbitration proceedings against Underwriters at Lloyd’s, certain
London companies and/or Chartis (AIG) member companies seeking to enforce these insurers’ contractual obligations to provide
indemnity for asbestos liabilities and defense costs under existing coverage-in-place agreements. In addition, Ashland and Hercules
initiated a lawsuit in Kentucky state court against certain Berkshire Hathaway entities (National Indemnity Company and Resolute
Management, Inc.) on grounds that these Berkshire Hathaway entities had wrongfully interfered with Underwriters’ and Chartis’
performance of their respective contractual obligations to provide asbestos coverage by directing the insurers to reduce and delay
certain claim payments.
M-38