ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Disclosure Controls and Procedures — As of September 30, 2016, Ashland, under the supervision and with the participation
of Ashland’s management, including Ashland’s Chief Executive Oﬁicer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of Ashland’s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a—15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based upon that
evaluation, the Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were
effective as of September 30, 2016.
Internal Control over Financial Reporting— See Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting on page
F-2 and the Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms on page F-3, F -4, and F-5.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting — There have been no changes in Ashland’s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, Ashland’s internal control over financial reporting.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
None.
PART III
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under the caption “Proposal One - Election of Directors”
in Ashland’s Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2016. See also the list of
Ashland’s executive oﬁicers and related information under “Executive Officers of Ashland” in Part1 - Item X in this annual report
on Form 10-K.
There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under the caption “Corporate Governance - Governance
Principles” in Ashland’s Proxy Statement.
There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under the caption “Corporate Governance - Stockholder
Nominations of Directors” in Ashland’s Proxy Statement.
There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under the caption “Audit Committee Report” regarding
Ashland’s audit committee and audit committee financial experts, as defined under Item 407(d)(4) and (5) of Regulation S—K in
Ashland’s Proxy Statement.
There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under the caption “Corporate Governance - Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in Ashland’s Proxy Statement.
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under the captions “Compensation of Directors,”
“Corporate Governance - Personnel and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” and “Executive
Compensation,” in Ashland’s Proxy Statement.
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under the captions “Ashland Common Stock Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners,” and “Ashland Common Stock Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers of Ashland” in
Ashland’s Proxy Statement.
The following table summarizes the equity compensation plans under which Ashland Common Stock may be issued as of
September 30, 2016.
21