see “Corporate Developments” below and the “Key Developments” section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis in this
annual report on Form 10-K.
Available Information - Ashland’s Internet address is http://www.ashland.com. On this website, Ashland makes available,
free of charge, its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments
to those reports, as well as any beneficial ownership reports of officers and directors filed on Forms 3, 4 and 5. All such reports
are available as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically ﬁled with, or electronically furnished to, the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC). Ashland also makes available, free of charge on its website, its Corporate Governance
Guidelines, Board Committee Charters, Director Independence Standards and code of business conduct that applies to Ashland’s
directors, officers and employees. These documents are also available in print to any stockholder who requests them. Information
contained on Ashland’s website is not part of this annual report on Form 10-K and is not incorporated by reference in this
document. The public may read and copy any materials Ashland files with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100
F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by
calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec. gov) that contains reports, proxy and
information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.
CORPORATE DEVELOPMENTS
On September 22, 2015, Ashland announced that the Board of Directors approved proceeding with a plan to separate Ashland
into two independent, publicly traded companies comprising of the Valvoline business and the specialty chemicals businesses.
In connection with the separation, in May 2016, Ashland filed a proxy statement/prospectus for a proposal to reorganize under
a new public holding company to facilitate its reincorporation in the State of Delaware and to help facilitate the separation process.
Upon completing the Reorganization in September 2016, Ashland Global Holdings Inc. replaced Ashland Inc. as the publicly held
corporation and, through its subsidiaries, conducts all of the operations previously conducted by Ashland Inc. Each outstanding
share of Ashland Inc. common stock was converted into the right to receive one share of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. common
stock. Ashland Inc. was converted to a limited liability company and is now an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Ashland
Global Holdings Inc.
Following the closing of the Reorganization, Ashland took steps to transfer the Valvoline business to Valvoline Inc. On
September 22, 2016, Ashland and Valvoline Inc. announced the pricing of the initial public oﬂering (IPO) of 30 million shares of
Valvoline Inc’s common stock at a price to the public of $22.00 per share and closed the IPO on September 28, 2016. The
underwriters exercised an option to purchase an additional 4.5 million shares of Valvoline Inc. ’s common stock to cover
overallotments. After completing the IPO, Ashland owns 170 million shares of Valvoline Inc.’s common stock, representing
approximately 83% of the total outstanding shares of Valvoline Inc’s common stock. The total net proceeds, after underwriters
discount and other offering expenses, received from the IPO were $712 million. Valvoline Inc’s common stock is listed on the
New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “VVV”. Ashland presently intends to distribute the remaining Valvoline Inc. shares
in 2017 to Ashland’s stockholders following the release of March-quarter earnings results by both Ashland and Valvoline Inc.
During 20 16, certain financing related activities were executed for both Ashland and Valvoline in connection with the separation
process. See further discussion in Management’s Discussion and Analysis and Note I of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
in this annual report on Form 10-K.
Transferring of Assets and Liabilities
As of S eptember 30, 20 16, Valvoline Inc. includes substantially all of the Valvoline business as historically reported by Ashland,
as well as certain other assets and liabilities transferred to Valvoline Inc. by Ashland. The largest transferred liabilities are the net
pension and other postretirement plan liabilities, which include a substantial portion of the largest US. qualified pension plan and
non-qualified U.S. pension plans. Other transferred assets and liabilities primarily consist of deferred compensation, certain
Ashland legacy business insurance reserves, tax attributes, and certain trade payables. Additionally, any deferred tax assets and
liabilities that relate specifically to these assets and liabilities have been transferred to Valvoline Inc. as well as certain other tax
liabilities as a result of the Tax Matters Agreement entered into between Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Valvoline Inc. For
purposes of Ashland’s 2016 segment reporting and consistent with prior periods, these transferred assets and liabilities remain
included within Unallocated and other.
ASHLAND SPECIALTY INGREDIENTS
Ashland Specialty Ingredients (Specialty Ingredients) offers industry-leading products, technologies and resources for solving
formulation and product-performance challenges. Using natural, synthetic and semisynthetic polymers derived from cellulose
2