NOTE M — INCOME TAXES (continued)
Ashland recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense (benefit)
in the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income. Such interest and penalties totaled a $5 million expense in 2016, $1
million expense in 2015 and $2 million beneﬁt in 2014. Ashland had $21 million and $18 million in interest and penalties related
to unrecognized tax benefits accrued as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Changes in unrecognized tax benefits were as follows:
(In millions)
Balance at September 30, 2014 $ 155 7
Increases related to positions taken on items from prior years 10
Decreases related to positions taken on items from prior years (15)
Increases related to positions taken in the current year 24
Lapse of statute of limitations (6)
Settlement of uncertain tax positions with tax authorities (24)
Balance at September 30, 2015 7 144 7
Increases related to positions taken on items from prior years 7 10 7
Decreases related to positions taken on items from prior years (4)
Increases related to positions taken in the current year 22
Lapse of statute of limitations (2)
Settlement of uncertain tax positions with tax authorities (2)
Balance at September 30, 2016 is 168 i
From a combination of statute expirations and audit settlements in the next twelve months, Ashland expects a decrease in the
amount of accrual for uncertain tax positions of up to $3 million for continuing operations and zero for discontinued operations.
For the remaining balance as of September 30, 2016, it is reasonably possible that there could be material changes to the amount
of uncertain tax positions due to activities of the taxing authorities, settlement of audit issues, reassessment of existing uncertain
tax positions, or the expiration of applicable statute of limitations; however, Ashland is not able to estimate the impact of these
items at this time.
Ashland or one of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in the US. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign
jurisdictions. Foreign taxing jurisdictions significant to Ashland include Australia, Canada, Spain, Switzerland, Brazil, Mexico,
China, Germany, Singapore and the Netherlands. Ashland is subject to US. federal income tax examinations by tax authorities
for periods after September 30, 2011 and US. state income tax examinations by tax authorities for periods after September 30,
2003. With respect to countries outside of the United States, with certain exceptions, Ashland’s foreign subsidiaries are subject
to income tax audits for years after 2005.
NOTE N — EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
Pension plans
Ashland and its subsidiaries sponsor contributory and noncontributory qualified defined benefit pension plans that cover
certain employees in the United States and in a number of other countries. In addition, Ashland has non-qualified unfunded pension
plans which provide supplemental defined benefits to those employees whose benefits under the qualified pension plans are limited
by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code. Ashland funds the costs of the non-
qualified plans as the benefits are paid. Pension obligations for applicable employees of non-US. consolidated subsidiaries are
provided for in accordance with local practices and regulations of the respective countries. Benefits for those eligible for Ashland’s
U.S. pension plans generally are based on employees’ years of service and compensation during the years immediately preceding
their retirement.
The majority of Ashland’s U.S. pension plans have been closed to new participants since January 1, 2011 and most foreign
pension plans are closed to new participants while those that remain open relate to areas where jurisdictions require plans to operate
within the applicable country. During March 2016, Ashland announced plans to amend the majority of its US. pension plans,
with the exception of certain union plans, to freeze the accrual of pension benefits for participants. The plan changes were effective
September 30, 2016. During September 2016, Ashland transferred a substantial portion of the largest US. qualified pension and
non-qualified U.S. pension plans as well as certain other postretirement obligations to Valvoline Inc. as part of the separation
process discussed further in Note B. As of September 30, 2016, the net pension and other postretirement plan liabilities attributable
to plans now held at Valvoline Inc. was approximately $900 million.
F -37