Covenant Adjusted EBITDA of $100 million would have an approximate 0.4x effect on the consolidated leverage ratio and a 0.7x
effect on the consolidated interest coverage ratio. Any change in consolidated indebtedness of $100 million would affect the
consolidated leverage ratio by approximately 0.2x.
Valvoline Financing Activities
Valvoline ﬁnancing activities during 2 01 6
The Valvoline Credit Agreement initially provided for an aggregate principal amount of$ 1,325 million in senior secured credit
facilities, comprised of (i) a ﬁve-year $875 million term loan A facility and (ii) a five-year $450 million revolving credit facility
(including a $ 100 million letter of credit sublimit). The Valvoline Credit Facilities may be prepaid at any time without premium.
Amounts prepaid under the 2016 term loan facility may not be reborrowed.
The Valvoline Credit Facilities are guaranteed by Valvoline Inc. ’3 existing and future subsidiaries (other than certain immaterial
subsidiaries, joint ventures, special purpose financing subsidiaries, regulated subsidiaries, foreign subsidiaries and certain other
subsidiaries), and are secured by a first-priority security interest in substantially all the personal property assets, and certain real
property assets, of Valvoline Inc. and the guarantors, including all or a portion of the equity interests of certain of Valvoline Inc. ’3
domestic subsidiaries and first-tier foreign subsidiaries and, in certain cases, a portion of the equity interests of other foreign
subsidiaries.
At Valvoline Inc. ’s option, the loans issued under the Valvoline Credit Agreement bear interest at either LIB OR or an alternate
base rate, in each case plus the applicable interest rate margin. Loans bear interest at LIBOR plus 2.375% per annum, in the case
of LIBOR borrowings, or at the alternate base rate plus 1.375%, in the alternative, through and including the date of delivery of
a quarterly compliance certificate and thereafter the interest rate will ﬂuctuate between LIB OR plus 1.500% per annum and LIBOR
plus 2.500% per annum (or between the alternate base rate plus 0.500% per annum and the alternate base rate plus 1.500% per
annum), based upon Valvoline Finco’s corporate credit ratings or the consolidated first lien net leverage ratio (as deﬁned in the
Valvoline Credit Agreement) (whichever yields a lower applicable interest rate margin) at such time. In addition, Valvoline Inc.
is required to pay fees of 0.375% per annum on the daily unused amount of the 2016 revolving credit facility through and including
the date of delivery of a compliance certificate, and thereafter the fee rate will ﬂuctuate between 0.200% and 0.500% per annum,
based upon the Valvoline Inc. ’s corporate credit ratings or the consolidated first lien net leverage ratio (whichever yields a lower
applicable rate).
During September 2016, Valvoline Inc. borrowed $875 million of principal on the 2016 term loan facility and $137 million
on the 2016 revolving credit facility. The net proceeds of these borrowings of $865 million (after deducting fees and expenses)
for the 2016 term loan facility and $137 million for the 2016 revolving credit facility were transferred to Ashland. With these
proceeds, Ashland repaid $785 million of its 2015 term loan facility, $150 million of the 2015 revolving credit facility and $45
million of its accounts receivable securitization.
Valvoline Inc. used $637 million of the net proceeds of its IPO to repay $500 million of the outstanding balance under its
2016 term loan facility and all of the $137 million outstanding balance of its 2016 revolving credit facility. See Note B of Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the IPO of Valvoline Inc. common stock.
During July 2016, Valvoline Inc. completed its issuance of 5 . 5 00% senior unsecured notes due 2024 with an aggregate principal
amount of $375 million. The net proceeds of the offering of $370 million (after deducting initial purchasers” discounts) were
transferred to Ashland during July 2016. Ashland used these proceeds to repay $110 million of the outstanding balance under
Ashland’s 2015 revolving credit facility and $260 million of the 2015 term loan facility.
Valvoline debt covenant restrictions
The Valvoline Credit Agreement contains usual and customary representations and warranties, and usual and customary
affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations on liens, additional indebtedness, investments, restricted payments, asset
sales, mergers, afﬁliate transactions and other customary limitations, as well as ﬁnancial covenants (including maintenance of a
maximum consolidated leverage ratio and a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio) and other customary limitations. As
of September 30, 2016, Valvoline Inc. was in compliance with all debt agreement covenant restrictions and ﬁnancial covenants.
The Valvoline Credit Agreement defines the consolidated leverage ratio as the ratio of consolidated indebtedness minus
unrestricted cash and cash equivalents to consolidated EBITDA (Covenant Adjusted EBITDA) for any measurement period. In
general, the Valvoline Credit Agreement defines Covenant Adjusted EBITDA as net income plus consolidated interest charges,
taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, fees and expenses related to capital market transactions, restructuring and integration
charges, noncash stock and equity compensation expense, and any other nonrecurring expenses or losses that do not represent a
cash item in such period or any future period; less any noncash gains or other items increasing net income. The maximum
consolidated leverage ratio permitted under the Valvoline Credit Agreement is 4.5.
M—29