NOTE N — EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (continued)
Change in Applying Discount Rate to Measure Beneﬁt Costs
During 2016, Ashland changed the method used to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic beneﬁt
cost for pension and other postretirement benefits. This change compared to the previous method resulted in a decrease in the
service and interest cost components for pension and other postretirement beneﬁt costs during the quarter. Historically, Ashland
estimated these service and interest cost components utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve
used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. Ashland has elected to utilize a full yield curve approach in
the estimation of these components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit
obligation to the relevant projected cash ﬂows. Ashland has made this change to provide a more precise measurement of service
and interest costs by improving the correlation between projected benefit cash ﬂows to the corresponding spot yield curve rates.
This change does not affect the measurement of Ashland’s total benefit obligations or annual net periodic benefit costs as the
change in the service and interest costs will be offset in the actuarial gain or loss reported, which typically occurs during the fourth
fiscal quarter. Ashland has accounted for this change as a change in accounting estimate that is inseparable from a change in
accounting principle and accordingly has accounted for it prospectively.
The impact of this discount rate change compared to the previous method decreased the estimated pension and other
postretirement benefits service and interest cost by $33 million for the full year 2016. The impact on service cost is not significant
due to the nature of Ashland’s largest US. pension plan, which is closed to new entrants and has curtailed other benefits. Of this
annual decrease, $13 million was reported in cost of sales and $20 million was reported in selling, general, and administrative
expense within the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income in the Unallocated and other segment. Service and interest
cost, as well as the other components of net periodic benefit costs, were subject to change for such reasons as an event requiring
a remeasurement. Ashland’s total projected benefit obligations was not impacted by these reductions in service and interest costs
as the decrease was substantially oﬁset within the actuarial gain or loss caption when the plans were remeasured during the fiscal
year.
Plan Amendments and Remeasurements
During the year ended September 30, 2016, Ashland was required to remeasure a majority of its US. pension plans and certain
postretirement benefit plans due to the previously discussed plan changes announced during March 2016. The net effect of these
plan changes resulted in a curtailment of benefits requiring a remeasurement of the benefit obligation and plan assets. Ashland
recognized a loss of $23 million within the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income during 2016 as a result of the plan
remeasurements. The following details the components of the remeasurement impact:
- As a result of the remeasurement of the affected U.S. pension plans, Ashland recognized a curtailment gain of $65 million
and actuarial loss of $ 123 million during 2016.
- As a result of the remeasurement of other postretirement benefit plans, Ashland recognized a curtailment gain of $39
million and actuarial loss of $7 million during 2016.
- Ashland was also required to remeasure a non-US. pension plan and as a result recognized a curtailment gain of $6
million and actuarial loss of $3 million during 2016.
During the year ended September 30, 2015, Ashland was required to remeasure a non-US. pension plan due to the exit of
Water Technologies’ employees from the plan. As a result of the remeasurement, Ashland recognized a curtailment gain of $7
million and actuarial loss of $11 million during 2015. Of these amounts, all of the curtailment gain and $2 million of the actuarial
loss were attributable to the Water Technologies business and therefore included in the discontinued operations caption of the
Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income during 2015.
During the year ended September 30, 2014, Ashland settled two non-U.S. pension plans, which required the plans to be
remeasured. These remeasurements resulted in Ashland recognizing a settlement loss of $38 million and actuarial loss of $17
million. Of these amounts, $6 million of the settlement loss and $3 million of the actuarial loss were attributable to the Water
Technologies business and therefore included in the discontinued operations caption of the Statements of Consolidated
Comprehensive Income during 2014.
Due to the global restructuring plan initiated in January 2014, Ashland was required to remeasure certain pension and other
postretirement plan obligations, which included updating assumptions related to these plans such as the discount rate, asset values
and demographic data that were last updated at Ashland’s fiscal year end. As a result of the remeasurements, Ashland recognized
a curtailment loss of $6 million and actuarial loss of $83 million during the year ended September 30, 2014. Of these amounts,
$14 million of the actuarial loss was attributable to the Water Technologies business and included in the discontinued operations
caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income during 2014.
As a result of the completion of the sale of Water Technologies on July 31, 2014, Ashland was required to remeasure certain
pension and other postretirement plan obligations. As a result of the remeasurements, Ashland recognized a curtailment gain of
F -39