Iable,of,Contents
The fair values (asset/ (liability)) of our derivative instruments were determined using:
As of December 31, 2016
Quoted Prices in
Active Markets Significant Significant
Total for Identical Other Observable Unobservable
Fair Value of Net Assets Inputs Inputs
Assetl (Liability) (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3)7
(in millions)
Currency exchange contracts S (S) S — S (S) S — l
Commodity contracts ((1)) (8_6) 26 —
Interest rate contracts 97 — 97 —j
Total derivatives S 34 S (846) S 120 S e
As of December 31, 2015
Quoted Prices in
Active Markets Significant Significant
Total for Identical Other Observable Unobservable
Fair Value of Net Assets Inputs Inputs
Assetl (Liability) (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3)7
(in millions)
Currency exchange contracts S 41 S — S 41 S — l
Commodity contracts 16 29 (£3) —
Interest rate contracts (Q) — (IE —j
Total derivatives S 27 S 29 S (2) S e
Level 1 ﬁnancial assets and liabilities consist of exchange-traded commodity futures and listed options. The fair value of these instruments is
determined based on quoted market prices on commodity exchanges. Our exchange-traded derivatives are generally subject to master netting
arrangements that permit net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty when certain criteria are met, such as in the event of default. We
also are required to maintain cash margin accounts in connection with funding the settlement of our open positions, and the margin requirements
generally fluctuate daily based on market conditions. We have recorded margin deposits related to our exchange-traded derivatives of $133 million
as of December 31, 2016 and margin deposits of $22 million as of December 31, 2015 within other current assets. Based on our net asset or liability
positions with individual counterparties, in the event of default and immediate net settlement of all of our open positions, for derivatives we have in a
net asset position, our counterparties would owe us a total of $48 million as of December 31, 2016 and $52 million as of December 31, 2015. For
derivatives we have in a net liability position, we would owe $2 million as of December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2015, there were no Level 1
derivatives in a net liability position.
Level 2 ﬁnancial assets and liabilities consist primarily of over-the-counter (“OTC”) currency exchange fonNards, options and swaps; commodity
fonNards and options; and interest rate swaps. Our currency exchange contracts are valued using an income approach based on observable market
fonNard rates less the contract rate multiplied by the notional amount. Commodity derivatives are valued using an income approach based on the
observable market commodity index prices less the contract rate multiplied by the notional amount or based on pricing models that rely on market
observable inputs such as commodity prices. Our calculation of the fair value of interest rate swaps is derived from a discounted cash ﬂow analysis
based on the terms of the contract and the observable market interest rate curve. Our calculation of the fair value of ﬁnancial instruments takes into
consideration the risk of nonperformance, including counterparty credit risk. Our OTC derivative transactions are governed by International Swap
Dealers Association agreements and other standard industry contracts. Under these agreements, we do not post nor require collateral from our
counterparties. The majority of our commodity and currency exchange OTC derivatives do not have a legal right of set-off. In connection with our
OTC derivatives that could be net-settled in the event of default, assuming all parties were to fail to comply with the terms of the agreements, for
derivatives we have in a net liability position, we would owe $40 million as of December 31, 2016 and $101 million as of December 31, 2015, and for
derivatives we have in a net asset position, our counterparties would owe us a total of $162 million as of December 31, 2016 and $64 million as of
December 31, 2015. We manage the credit risk in connection with these and all our derivatives by entering into transactions with counterparties with
investment grade credit ratings, limiting the amount of exposure with each counterparty and monitoring the ﬁnancial condition of our counterparties.
90