Iable,of,Contents
During our 2016 annual testing of non-amortizable intangible assets, we recorded $98 million of impairment charges related to ﬁve trademarks. The
impairments arose due to lower than expected product growth in part driven by decisions to redirect support from these trademarks to other regional
and global brands, as well as slowdowns in local economies. We recorded charges related to biscuits, candy and gum trademarks of $41 million in
AMEA, $32 million in North America, $22 million in Europe, and $3 million in Latin America. The impairment charges were calculated as the excess
of the carrying value over the estimated fair value of the intangible assets on a global basis and were recorded within asset impairment and exit
costs. We primarily use a relief of royalty valuation method, which utilizes estimates of future sales, growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates in
determining a brand’s global fair value. During our 2016 intangible asset impairment review, we noted nine brands, including the ﬁve impaired
trademarks, with $630 million of aggregate book value as of December 31, 2016 that each had a fair value in excess of book value of 10% or less.
While these other four intangible assets passed our annual impairment testing and we believe our current plans for each of these brands will allow
them to continue to not be impaired, if planned business performance expectations are not met or speciﬁc valuation factors outside of our control,
such as discount rates, change signiﬁcantly, then a brand or brands could become impaired in the future. In 2015, we recorded a charge related to
candy and biscuit trademarks of $44 million in our AMEA segment, $22 million in Europe and $5 million in Latin America. Additionally, in connection
with the deconsolidation of our Venezuelan operations on December 31, 2015, we recorded $12 million of impairment charges within the loss on
deconsolidation of Venezuela related to a biscuit trademark. In 2014, we recorded a $48 million charge related to a biscuit trademark in our AMEA
segment and a $9 million charge related to a candy trademark in our Europe segment.
Refer to Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , for additional information.
Trade and marketing programs:
We promote our products with advertising, marketing, sales incentives and trade promotions. These programs include, but are not limited to,
cooperative advertising, in-store displays, consumer promotions, new product introduction fees, discounts, coupons, rebates and volume-based
incentives. We expense advertising costs either in the period the advertising ﬁrst takes place or as incurred. Sales incentive and trade promotion
activities are recorded as a reduction to revenues based on amounts estimated due to customers and consumers at the end of a period. We base
these estimates principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. For interim reporting purposes, advertising expenses and sales incentives
are charged to operations as a percentage of volume, based on estimated volume and estimated program spending. We do not defer costs on our
year-end consolidated balance sheet and all marketing costs are recorded as an expense in the year incurred.
Employee Beneﬁt Plans:
We sponsor various employee beneﬁt plans throughout the world. These include primarily pension plans and postretirement healthcare beneﬁts. For
accounting purposes, we estimate the pension and post-retirement healthcare beneﬁt obligations utilizing assumptions and estimates for discount
rates; expected returns on plan assets; expected compensation increases; employee-related factors such as turnover, retirement age and mortality;
and health care cost trends. We review our actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and make modiﬁcations to the assumptions based on current
rates and trends when appropriate. Our assumptions also reﬂect our historical experiences and management’s best judgment regarding future
expectations. These and other assumptions affect the annual expense and obligations recognized for the underlying plans.
As permitted by U.S. GAAP, we generally amortize the effect of changes in the assumptions over future periods. The cost or benefit of plan changes,
such as increasing or decreasing beneﬁts for prior employee service (prior service cost), is deferred and included in expense on a straight-line basis
over the average remaining service period of the employees expected to receive benefits.
Since pension and post-retirement liabilities are measured on a discounted basis, the discount rate signiﬁcantly affects our plan obligations and
expenses. The expected return on plan assets assumption affects our pension plan expenses, as many of our pension plans are partially funded.
The assumptions for discount rates and expected rates of return and our process for setting these assumptions are described in Note 9, Beneﬁt
Plans , to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
44