Iable,of,Contents
0 Organic Net Revenue increased 1.3% to $27.1 billion in 2016 and increased 1.4% to $30.1 billion in 2015 after recasting prior years to
exclude the historical Venezuela deconsolidated operating results and historical operating results from a small 2016 divestiture in the
Latin America region. Organic Net Revenue also excludes the impact of our historical global coffee business which was deconsolidated in
the JDE coffee business transactions in July 2015. Organic Net Revenue is a non-GAAP ﬁnancial measure and is on a constant currency
basis. We use Organic Net Revenue as it provides improved year-over-year comparability of our underlying results (see the deﬁnition of
Organic Net Revenue and our reconciliation with net revenues within Non-GAAP Financial Measures appearing later in this section).
° Diluted EPS attributable to Mondelez International decreased 76.4% to $1.05 in 2016 and increased 246.9% to $4.44 in 2015. The gain
on the coffee business deconsolidation and other signiﬁcant items affected the comparability of our reported results, as further described
in the Discussion and Analysis of Historical Results appearing later in this section and in the notes to the consolidated ﬁnancial
statements.
° Adjusted EPS increased 19.8% to $1.94 in 2016 and decreased 6.4% to $1.62 in 2015 after recasting prior years to exclude the historical
Venezuela deconsolidated operating results, historical operating results from a small 2016 divestiture in the Latin America region and
historical mark-to-market impacts. On a constant currency basis, Adjusted EPS increased 24.1% to $2.01 in 2016 and increased 9.8% to
$1.90 in 2015. Adjusted EPS and Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis are non-GAAP financial measures. We use these
measures as they provide improved year-over-year comparability of our underlying results (see the deﬁnition of Adjusted EPS and our
reconciliation with diluted EPS within Non-GAAP Financial Measures appearing later in this section).
Financial Outlook
We seek to achieve proﬁtable, long-term growth and manage our business to attain this goal using our key operating metrics: Organic Net Revenue,
Adjusted Operating Income and Adjusted EPS. We use these non-GAAP ﬁnancial metrics and related computations such as margins internally to
evaluate and manage our business and to plan and make near— and long-term operating and strategic decisions. As such, we believe these metrics
are useful to investors as they provide supplemental information in addition to our U.S. GAAP ﬁnancial results. We believe providing investors with
the same ﬁnancial information that we use internally ensures that investors have the same data to make comparisons of our historical operating
results, identify trends in our underlying operating results and gain additional insight and transparency on how we evaluate our business. We believe
our non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures should always be considered in relation to our GAAP results and we have provided reconciliations between our
GAAP and non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures in Non-GAAP Financial Measures which appears later in this section.
In addition to monitoring our key operating metrics, we monitor a number of developments or trends that could impact our revenue and proﬁtability
objectives.
Long-Term Demographics and Consumer Trends — Snack food consumption is highly correlated to GDP growth, urbanization of the population and
rising discretionary income levels associated with a growing middle class, particularly in emerging markets. Over the long-term, we expect these
trends to continue leading to growth in consumer behaviors such as migration to more frequent, smaller meals and snacks and greater use of
convenience foods. In the near term, low GDP growth, economic recessionary pressures, weak consumer conﬁdence, a strong U.S. dollar and
changing consumer trends have slowed category and our net revenue growth. We recognize these factors and the changing consumer trends such
as the increasing emphasis on well-being, time compression, growing income disparity, digital revolution and an evolving retail landscape, and we
are investing in our well-being snacks portfolio, product and marketing innovation and new routes to market including e-commerce to position
ourselves for future growth.
Demand — We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. Growth in
these global categories (excluding Venezuela) decreased from approximately 3.4% in 2015 to 2.4% in 2016. Over the long-term, we expect category
growth to improve when the macroeconomic environment improves. We continue to make investments in our brand portfolio and build strong routes
to market to address the needs of consumers in emerging and developed markets. In doing so, we anticipate driving demand in our categories and
growing our position in these markets.
Volatility of Global Markets — Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, particularly in emerging markets. Some of
these markets have greater political and economic volatility, vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions and sensitivity to world oil and energy
prices, as we noted this past year in markets including Brazil, Russia, India, China, Ukraine, the Middle East and Nigeria. Volatility in these markets
affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. We expect continued volatility
across our markets, particularly emerging markets. As such, we are focused on investing in our global Power Brands and routes to market while we
protect our margins through the management of costs and pricing.
24