(iii) aggregate amount of such Pro Rata Borrowing, and
(iv) in the case of a Pro Rata Borrowing consisting of LIBO Rate Advances, the initial Interest Period for each such Pro Rata Advance.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Borrower may select LIBO Rate Advances for any Pro Rata Borrowing if the obligation of the Lenders
to make LIBO Rate Advances shall then be suspended pursuant to Section 2.06(b), 208(0) or 2.13.
(b) Funding Pro Rata Advances . Each Lender shall, before 11:00 am. (New York City time) on the date of such Pro Rata Borrowing, make
available for the account of its Applicable Lending Ofﬁce to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent Account, in same day funds, such Lender’s
ratable portion of such Pro Rata Borrowing. Promptly after receipt of such funds by the Administrative Agent, and upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set
forth in Article III, the Administrative Agent will make such funds available to the relevant Borrower at the address of the Administrative Agent referred to in
Section 9.02.
(c) IrrevocableiNoticeh Each Notice of Pro Rata Borrowing of any Borrower shall be irrevocable and binding on such Borrower. In the case of any
Pro Rata Borrowing that the related Notice of Pro Rata Borrowing specifies is to be comprised of LIBO Rate Advances, the Borrower requesting such Pro Rata
Borrowing shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense incurred by such Lender as a result of any failure to fulﬁll on or before the date speciﬁed
in such Notice of Pro Rata Borrowing for such Pro Rata Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in Article III, including, without limitation, any loss
(excluding loss of anticipated proﬁts), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to
fund the Pro Rata Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Pro Rata Borrowing when such Pro Rata Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made on
such date.
((1) Lender’s Ratable Portion . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to 11:00 am. (New York City time)
on the day of any Pro Rata Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s ratable portion of such Pro Rata
Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such portion available to the Administrative Agent on the date of such Pro Rata
Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.02(b) and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower proposing
such Pro Rata Borrowing on such date a corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Lender shall not have so made such ratable portion available to the
Administrative Agent, such Lender and such Borrower severally agree to repay to the Administrative Agent, forthwith on demand such corresponding amount
together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to such Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative
Agent, at:
(i) in the case of such Borrower, the higher of (A) the interest rate applicable at the time to Pro Rata Advances comprising such Pro Rata Borrowing
and (B) the cost of funds incurred by the Administrative Agent, in respect of such amount, and
(ii) in the case of such Lender, the Federal Funds Effective Rate.
-16-