ARTICLE II
Amounts and Terms of the Loans
SECTION 2.01 The Loans .
(a) leigationloiMakeiLoans,. Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, (i) to make Three-Year Loans to the
Borrower on a single Business Day during the Availability Period (the “ Three-Year Funding Date ”) in an aggregate amount not to exceed such Lender’s Three-
Year Commitment, if any and (ii) to make F ive-Year Loans to the Borrower on a single Business Day during the Availability Period (the “ Five-LYeariEundingDate
”) in an aggregate amount not to exceed such Lender’s Five-Year Commitment, if any; providedthat any Three-Year Commitments that are not drawn on the
Three-Year Funding Date and any F ive-Year Commitments that are not drawn on the F ive-Year Funding Date are deemed automatically cancelled as of such date,
as the case may be.
(b) [Reserved]
(c) lyperofLoansJ Each Borrowing shall consist of Three-Year Loans or F ive-Year Loans of the same Type made on the same day by the Lenders
ratably according to their respective Commitments.
SECTION 2.02 MakingtheLoans.
(a) Noticebeorrowing, Each Borrowing shall be made on notice, given not later than (x) 11:00 am. (New York City time) on the third Business
Day prior to the relevant Funding Date in the case of a Borrowing consisting of LIBO Rate Loans, or (y) 9:00 am. (New York City time) on the relevant Funding
Date in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Base Rate Loans, by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, which shall give to each Lender prompt notice thereof
by telecopier. Each such notice of a Borrowing (a “ NﬂoticeiofBorrowingj’) shall be by telephone, confirmed immediately in writing, by registered mail, email or
telecopier in substantially the form of Exhibit B-l hereto, specifying therein the requested:
(i) Funding Date for such Borrowing,
(ii) type of Loans comprising such Borrowing,
(iii) amount of Three-Year Loans and/or amount of F ive-Year Loans
(iv) aggregate amount of such Borrowing, and
(v) in the case of a Borrowing consisting of LIBO Rate Loans, the initial Interest Period for such Loan. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, no Borrower may select LIBO Rate Loans for any Borrowing if the obligation of the Lenders to make LIBO Rate Loans shall then be suspended
pursuant to Section 2.06(b), 2.08(c) or 2.13.
-15-