When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services in connection with an Event of Default speciﬁed in Section 501(4) or (5), the expenses (including the
reasonable and documented fees and expenses of its counsel) and the compensation for the services are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any
bankruptcy law.
The Company’s obligations under this Section 607 and any lien arising hereunder shall survive the resignation or removal of the Trustee, the discharge of the
Company’s obligations pursuant to Article Four of this Indenture and/or the termination of this Indenture.
SECTION 608. Disqualiﬁcation; Conﬂicting Interests.
The Trustee for the Securities shall be subject to the provisions of Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act during the period of time required thereby.
Nothing herein shall prevent the Trustee from ﬁling with the Commission the application referred to in the penultimate paragraph of Section 310(b) of the Trust
Indenture Act. In determining whether the Trustee has a conﬂicting interest as deﬁned in Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act with respect to the Securities of
any series, there shall be excluded Securities of any particular series of Securities other than that series.
SECTION 609. Corporate Trustee Required; Different Trustees for Different Series; Eligibility.
There shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder which shall be
(i) a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof, or the District of Columbia,
authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers, and subject to supervision or examination by federal or State authority, or
(ii) a corporation or other Person organized and doing business under the laws of a foreign government that is permitted to act as Trustee pursuant to a
rule, regulation, or other order of the Commission, authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers, and subject to supervision or examination
by authority of such foreign government or a political subdivision thereof substantially equivalent to supervision or examination applicable to United States
institutional trustees,
having a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000. If such corporation publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to
requirements of the aforesaid supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section, the combined capital and surplus of such corporation shall
be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. Neither the Company nor any Person directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under the common control with the Company shall serve as Trustee for the Securities. If at any time the Trustee shall cease
to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section, it shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect hereunder specified in this Article.
A different Trustee may be appointed by the Company for each series of Securities prior to the issuance of such Securities. If the initial Trustee for any series
of Securities is to be other than Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, the Company and such Trustee shall, prior to the issuance of such Securities, execute and
deliver an indenture supplemental hereto, which shall provide for the appointment of such Trustee as Trustee for the Securities of such series and shall add to or
change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee, it being
understood that nothing herein or in such supplemental indenture shall constitute such Trustees co-trustees of the same trust and that each such Trustee shall be
trustee of a trust or trusts hereunder separate and apart from any trust or trusts hereunder administered by any other such Trustee.
SECTION 610. Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor.
(a) No resignation or removal of the Trustee for the Securities of any series and no appointment of a successor Trustee pursuant to this Article shall become
effective until the acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 611.
(b) The Trustee for the Securities of any series may resign at any time with respect to the Securities of such series by giving written notice thereof to the
Company. If the instrument of acceptance by a successor Trustee required by Section 611 shall not have been delivered to the Trustee for the Securities of such
series within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Trustee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction, at the expense of the
Company, for the appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series.
(0) The Trustee for the Securities of any series may be removed at any time with respect to the Securities of such series by Act of the Holders of a majority in
principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series, delivered to such Trustee and to the Company. If the instrument of acceptance by a successor Trustee
required by Section 611 shall not have been delivered to the Trustee for the Securities of such series within 30 days after the giving of such notice of removal, the
Trustee being removed may petition any court of competent jurisdiction, at the expense of the Company, for the appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to
the Securities of such series.
33