Iable,of,Contents
Critical Accounting Estimates
We prepare our consolidated ﬁnancial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these ﬁnancial statements requires the use of
estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the ﬁnancial statements and reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. Note 1,
Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies , to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements includes a summary of the signiﬁcant accounting policies we
used to prepare our consolidated ﬁnancial statements. We have discussed the selection and disclosure of our critical accounting policies and
estimates with our Audit Committee. The following is a review of our most signiﬁcant assumptions and estimates.
Goodwill and Non-Amortizable Intangible Assets:
We test goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis on October 1. We assess goodwill impairment risk
throughout the year by performing a qualitative review of entity-speciﬁc, industry, market and general economic factors affecting our goodwill
reporting units. We review our operating segment and reporting unit structure for goodwill testing annually or as signiﬁcant changes in the
organization occur. Annually, we may perform qualitative testing, or depending on factors such as prior-year test results, current year developments,
current risk evaluations and other practical considerations, we may elect to do quantitative testing instead. Quantitative impairment testing consists of
a two-step evaluation. The ﬁrst step compares a reporting unit’s estimated fair value with its carrying value. We estimate a reporting unit’s fair value
using a discounted cash ﬂow method which incorporates planned growth rates, market-based discount rates and estimates of residual value. This
year, for our Europe and North America reporting units, we used a market-based, weighted-average cost of capital of 6.7% to discount the projected
cash ﬂows of those operations. For our Latin America and AMEA reporting units, we used a risk-rated discount rate of 9.7%. Estimating the fair value
of individual reporting units requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans and industry and economic conditions, and
our actual results and conditions may differ over time. If the carrying value of a reporting unit’s net assets exceeds its fair value, we would apply a
second step to measure the difference between the carrying value and implied fair value of goodwill. If the carrying value of goodwill exceeds its
implied fair value, the goodwill is impaired and its carrying value is reduced to the implied fair value of the goodwill.
On October 1, 2016, we integrated our EEMEA operating segment into our Europe and Asia Paciﬁc operating segments. As a result, EEMEA
goodwill of $1.3 billion was reallocated to new reporting units based on the relative fair value of the EEMEA component businesses that moved to the
Europe and Asia Paciﬁc segments. Goodwill by segment as of December 31, 2016 reﬂects the results of the reallocation and the December 31, 2015
goodwill by segment information was recast to reﬂect the October 1, 2016 reallocation of goodwill.
On July 2, 2015, we deconsolidated our global coffee businesses from our Europe and AMEA segments. Goodwill was deconsolidated from the
impacted reporting units based on relative fair values of the coffee and remaining businesses. Intangible assets contributed with the coffee business
transactions were speciﬁcally identiﬁed. We deconsolidated total goodwill of $1 ,664 million and intangible assets of less than $1 million during the
third quarter of 2015. Refer to Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions — JDE Coffee Business Transactions , for more information.
In 2016, 2015 and 2014, there were no impairments of goodwill. In connection with our 2016 annual impairment testing, each of our reporting units
had sufﬁcient fair value in excess of carrying value. While all reporting units passed our annual impairment testing, if planned business performance
expectations are not met or speciﬁc valuation factors outside of our control, such as discount rates, change signiﬁcantly, then the estimated fair
values of a reporting unit or reporting units might decline and lead to a goodwill impairment in the future.
Annually, we assess non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment by performing a qualitative review and assessing events and circumstances
that could affect the fair value or carrying value of the indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets. If signiﬁcant potential impairment risk exists for a speciﬁc
asset, we quantitatively test it for impairment by comparing its estimated fair value with its carrying value. We determine estimated fair value using
planned growth rates, market-based discount rates and estimates of royalty rates. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds its estimated fair value,
the asset is impaired and its carrying value is reduced to the estimated fair value.
43