SECTION 7.08 Withholding Tax . To the extent required by any applicable law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any
Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax. Without limiting or expanding the provisions of Section 2.15(a) or (0), each Lender shall, and does
hereby, indemnify the Administrative Agent against, and shall make payable in respect thereof within 30 days after demand therefor, any and all Taxes and any and
all related losses, claims, liabilities and expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent) incurred by or asserted
against the Administrative Agent by the Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental Authority as a result of the failure of the Administrative Agent to
properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the account of such Lender for any reason (including, without limitation, because the appropriate form was not
delivered or not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance that rendered the exemption from,
or reduction of withholding tax ineffective). A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be
conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such
Lender under this Agreement or any Note against any amount due the Administrative Agent under this Section 7.08. The agreements in this Section 7.08 shall
survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the
Agreement and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations.
ARTICLE VIII
Guaranty
SECTION 8.01 Guaranty: . Mondeléz hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees (the undertaking of Mondeléz contained in this Article VIII
being the “ Guarantyj) the punctual payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of all obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter
existing under this Agreement, whether for principal, interest, fees, expenses or otherwise (such obligations being the “ Obligations”), and any and all expenses
(including counsel fees and expenses) incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in enforcing any rights under the Guaranty.
SECTION 8.02 Guaranty,Absolute,. Mondeléz guarantees that the Obligations will be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
regardless of any law, regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the rights of the Administrative Agent or the
Lenders with respect thereto. The liability of Mondeléz under this Guaranty shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of:
(a) any lack of validity, enforceability or genuineness of any provision of this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto;
-4 1-