Iable,of,Contents
At December 31, 2016, we had approximately 2,550 scientists and engineers, of which approximately 1,950 are primarily focused on research and
development and the remainder are primarily focused on quality assurance and regulatory affairs. Our research and development expense was $376
million in 2016, $409 million in 2015 and $455 million in 2014. Our total research and development expense was lower in 2016 and 2015 primarily
due to the deconsolidation of our global coffee business in July 2015, currency and cost optimization initiatives.
Regulation
Our food products and ingredients are subject to local, national and multi-national regulations related to labeling, packaging, pricing, marketing and
advertising, privacy and related areas. In addition, various jurisdictions regulate our operations by licensing and inspecting our manufacturing plants
and facilities, enforcing standards for selected food products, grading food products, and regulating trade practices related to the sale and pricing of
our food products. Many of the food commodities we use in our operations are subject to government agricultural policy and intervention, and the
scrutiny of human rights issues in industry supply chains has led to developing regulation in many countries. These policies have substantial effects
on prices and supplies and are subject to periodic governmental and administrative review.
Examples of laws and regulations that affect our business include selective food taxes, labeling requirements such as nutrient profiling, marketing
restrictions, potential withdrawal of trade concessions as dispute settlement retaliation and sanctions on sales or sourcing of raw materials. We will
continue to monitor developments in laws and regulations. At this time, we do not expect the cost of complying with new laws and regulations will be
material. Also refer to Note 1, Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies — Currency Translation and Highly Inﬂationary Accounting , for additional
information on government regulations and currency-related impacts on our operations in the United Kingdom, Argentina and other countries.
Environmental Regulation
Throughout the countries in which we do business, we are subject to local, national and multi-national environmental laws and regulations relating to
the protection of the environment. We have programs across our business units designed to meet applicable environmental compliance
requirements. In the United States, the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act. Based on information currently available, we
believe that our compliance with environmental laws and regulations will not have a material effect on our ﬁnancial results.
Sustainability
A key strategic goal for us is to Grow our Impact, and we seek to do that in part by sourcing our products sustainably, reducing the environmental
impact of our operations and packaging, and being mindful of the limited resources available around the world. We continue to leverage our global
operating scale to secure sustainable raw materials and work with suppliers to drive meaningful social and environmental changes, focusing on
where we can make the most impact. For example, we have taken direct accountability for building a sustainable cocoa supply with our $400 million
Cocoa Life program. And we’re improving sustainability in our wheat supply by working with farmers in North America and through our Harmony
program in Europe.
Our 2020 sustainability goals aim to place us at the forefront in the ﬁght against climate change with ambitious targets for an end-to-end approach to
reduce our carbon footprint, including reducing our absolute CO 2 emissions from manufacturing and addressing deforestation in key raw material
supply chains. We are also working to cut our absolute water footprint in manufacturing, focusing on priority sites where water is most scarce, and we
are working to reduce waste in manufacturing and packaging.
We have been recognized for our ongoing economic, environmental and social contributions and this year were listed again on the Dow Jones
Sustainability Index (“DJSI”) — World and North American lndices. The DJSI selects the top 10% of global companies and top 20% of North American
companies based on an extensive review of financial and sustainability programs within each industry. We improved our overall score to reach the 95
th percentile of our industry and achieved perfect scores in health and nutrition, raw material sourcing and water-related risks.
6