Iable,of,Contents
(6) Historically, we recorded income from equity method investments within our operating income as these investments operated as extensions of our base
business. Beginning in the third quarter of 2015, to align with the accounting for JDE earnings, we began to record the earnings from our equity method
investments in equity method investment earnings outside of operating income. In periods prior to July 2, 2015, we have reclassiﬁed the equity method
earnings from Adjusted Operating Income to evaluate our operating results on a consistent basis.
(7) Refer to Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions , for more information on the April 23, 2015 divestiture of Ajinomoto General Foods (“AGF”) and the
December 1, 2016 sale of a confectionery business in Costa Rica. The divestiture of AGF generated a pre-tax gain of $13 million and after-tax loss of $9
million in 2015. The sale of the confectionery business in Costa Rica generated a pre-tax and after-tax gain of $9 million in 2016.
(8) Refer to Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions , and Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, for more information on the impairment charges recorded in 2016
and 2015 related to trademarks.
(9) Refer to Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions , for more information on the 2016 purchase of a license to manufacture, market and sell Cadbury-branded
biscuits in additional key markets, 2016 intangible asset sale in Finland, 2015 acquisitions of a biscuit operation in Vietnam and Enjoy Life Foods and other
property sales in 2016.
(10) Refer to Note 8, Financial Instruments , Note 16, Segment Reporting, and Non-GAAP Financial Measures appearing later in this section for more information
on these unrealized gains and losses on commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives.
(11) Refer to Note 1, Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies — Accounting Calendar Change , for more information on the accounting calendar change in 2015.
(12) Includes costs incurred and accrued related to the planned sale of a confectionery business in France. Refer to Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions, for more
information.
During 2016, we realized higher net pricing while input costs increased modestly. Higher net pricing, which included the carryover impact of pricing
actions taken in 2015, was reflected in Latin America and AMEA, partially offset by lower net pricing in Europe and North America. The increase in
input costs was driven by higher raw material costs, in part due to higher currency exchange transaction costs on imported materials, which were
partially offset by lower manufacturing costs due to productivity. Unfavorable volume / mix was driven by Latin America and AMEA, which was mostly
offset by favorable volume / mix in Europe and North America.
Total selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $1,037 million from 2015, due to a number of factors noted in the table above,
including in part, the deconsolidation of our historical coffee business, a favorable currency impact, lower costs associated with the JDE coffee
business transactions, the deconsolidation of our Venezuelan operations, gains on the sales of property, VAT-related settlements and the absence of
devaluation charges related to our net monetary assets in Venezuela in 2016. The decreases were partially offset by increases from divestiture-
related costs associated with the planned sale of a confectionery business in France, the reclassiﬁcation of equity method investment earnings,
higher implementation costs incurred for the 2014-2018 Restructuring Program and the impact of acquisitions.
Excluding the factors noted above, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $322 million from 2015. The decrease was driven
primarily by lower overhead costs due to continued cost reduction efforts.
We recorded a beneﬁt of $54 million in 2016 from VAT-related settlements in Latin America as compared to $30 million in 2015. Unfavorable
currency impacts decreased operating income by $176 million due primarily to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to most currencies, including the
British pound sterling, Argentinean peso and Mexican peso.
Excluding the portion related to deconsolidating our historical coffee business, the change in mark-to-market gains / (losses) from derivatives
decreased operating income by $150 million in 2016. In 2016, the net unrealized losses on commodity and forecasted currency transaction
derivatives were $94 million, as compared to net unrealized gains of $56 million ($96 million including coffee related activity) in 2015.
Operating income margin decreased from 30.0% in 2015, to 9.9% in 2016. The decrease in operating income margin was driven primarily by last
year’s pre-tax gain on the JDE coffee business transactions, the deconsolidation of our historical coffee business, the deconsolidation of our
Venezuelan operations, the unfavorable year-over-year change in mark-to-market gains / losses from derivatives, higher costs incurred for the 2014-
2018 Restructuring Program, divestiture-related costs associated with the planned sale of a confectionery business in France, higher intangible asset
impairment charges and the reclassification of equity method earnings. The items that decreased our operating income margin were partially offset
by the prior-year loss on the Venezuela deconsolidation, an increase in our Adjusted Operating Income margin and the absence of costs associated
with the JDE coffee business transactions. Adjusted Operating Income margin increased from 13.0% in 2015 to 15.3% in 2016. The increase in
Adjusted Operating Income margin was driven primarily by lower overheads from cost reduction programs, improved gross margin reﬂecting
productivity efforts, gains on sales of property and VAT-related settlements.
30