Iable,of,Contents
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We have established disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports ﬁled or
submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods speciﬁed in the rules and forms of the
SEC, and such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Ofﬁcer (“CEO”) and Chief Financial
Ofﬁcer (“CFO”), as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management, together with our CEO and CFO, evaluated the
effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2016. Based on this evaluation, the CEO and CFO
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2016.
Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as deﬁned in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our CEO and
CFO, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the Company’s Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of ﬁnancial reporting and the preparation of ﬁnancial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting includes those written policies and procedures that:
o pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of assets;
° provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of ﬁnancial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles;
° provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with management and director
authorization; and
o provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could
have a material effect on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016. Management based this
assessment on criteria for effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting described in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“0080”).
Based on this assessment, management concluded that the Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting is effective as of December 31, 2016,
based on the criteria in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the 0080.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting ﬁrm, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting as of December 31, 2016, as stated in their report that appears under Item 8.
February 24, 2017
117