SECTION 2.14 ﬂyments and Computations .
(a) Time and Distribution of Payments . The Borrower shall make each payment hereunder, without set-off or counterclaim, not later than 11:00
am. (New York City time) on the day when due to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent Account in same day funds. The Administrative Agent
will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment of principal or interest or Commitment Fees ratably (other than amounts payable
pursuant to Section 2.07, 2.12, 2.15 or 9.04(b)) to the Lenders for the accounts of their respective Domestic Lending Ofﬁces, and like funds relating to the payment
of any other amount payable to any Lender to such Lender for the account of its Domestic Lending Office, in each case to be applied in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement. From and after the effective date of an Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to Section 9.07, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments
hereunder in respect of the interest assigned thereby to the Lender assignee thereunder, and the parties to such Assignment and Acceptance shall make all
appr0priate adjustments in such payments for periods prior to such effective date directly between themselves.
(b) Computation,of,Interest,and,Eees,. All computations of interest based on the Administrative Agent’s prime rate shall be made by the
Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be. All computations of interest based on the LIBO Rate or the Federal Funds
Effective Rate and of Commitment Fees shall be made by the Administrative Agent and all computations of interest pursuant to Section 2.05 shall be made by the
applicable Lender, on the basis of a year of 360 days. Computations of interest or Commitment Fees shall in each case be made for the actual number of days
(including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest or Commitment Fees are payable. Each determination by the
Administrative Agent (or, in the case of Section 2.05 by a Lender), of an interest rate hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest
error.
(C) PglymanDueLDates. Whenever any payment hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be
made on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest or Commitment
Fees, as the case may be; provided, however,, that if such extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of LIBO Rate Loans to be made in the next
following calendar month, such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day.
-22-