(i) the Trustee shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered, or omitted to be taken by it in good faith and reasonably believed by it to be authorized
or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture;
(j) in no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever
(including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form
of action;
(k) the rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified, are
extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act hereunder;
(l) the Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the performance of its powers and duties hereunder; and
(m) the Trustee may request that the Company deliver a certificate setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of ofﬁcers authorized at such
time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture.
SECTION 604. Not Responsible for Recitals 0r Issuance of Securities.
The recitals contained herein and in the Securities, except the Trustee’s certificates of authentication thereof, and neither the Trustee for any series of
Securities, nor any Authenticating Agent assumes any responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee for any series of Securities makes no representations as to the
validity or sufficiency of this Indenture or of the Securities of any series. Neither the Trustee for any series of Securities nor any Authenticating Agent shall be
accountable for the use or application by the Company of Securities or the proceeds thereof
SECTION 605. May Hold Securities.
The Trustee for any series of Securities, any Authenticating Agent, Paying Agent, Security Registrar or any other agent of the Company or such Trustee, in
its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Securities and, subject to Sections 608 and 613, may otherwise deal with the Company
with the same rights it would have if it were not such Trustee, Authenticating Agent, Paying Agent, Security Registrar or such other agent.
SECTION 606. Money Held in Trust.
Money held by the Trustee for any series of Securities in trust hereunder need not be segregated from other funds except as provided in Section 115 and
except to the extent required by law. The Trustee for any series of Securities shall be under no liability for interest on any money received by it hereunder except as
otherwise agreed in writing with the Company.
SECTION 607. Compensation and Reimbursement.
The Company agrees:
(1) to pay to the Trustee for any series of Securities from time to time such compensation as the Company and the Trustee shall from time to time
agree in writing for all services rendered by it hereunder (which compensation shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a
trustee of an express trust);
(2) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, to reimburse the Trustee for any series of Securities in Dollars upon its request for all reasonable
expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by such Trustee in accordance with any provision of this Indenture (including the compensation and
the expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel), except any such expense, disbursement or advance as may be attributable to its gross negligence
or willful misconduct; and
(3) to indemnify such Trustee or any predecessor Trustee and their agents in Dollars for, and to hold them harmless against, any loss, damage, claims,
liability or expense, including taxes (other than taxes based upon, measured by or determined by the income of the Trustee) incurred without gross negligence
or willful misconduct on their part, arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of this trust, including the costs and expenses of
defending themselves against any claim (whether or not asserted by the Company, or any Holder or any other Person) or liability in connection with the
exercise or performance of any of their powers or duties hereunder; or in connection with enforcing the provisions of this Section.
As security for the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Section the Trustee for any series of Securities shall have a lien prior to the
Securities upon all property and funds held or collected by such Trustee as such, except funds held in trust for the payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or
interest, if any, on particular Securities.
32