(b) In addition, each Borrower or Mondeléz shall pay any present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes,
charges, irrecoverable value-added tax or similar levies (other than Taxes, or taxes referred to in Section 2.15(a)(i) to (v)) that arise from any payment made
hereunder or from the execution, delivery or registration of, performing under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or a Note other than any such taxes
imposed by reason of an Assignment and Acceptance (hereinafter referred to as “ Other Taxes ”).
(c) Each Borrower and Mondeléz shall indemnify each Lender and the Administrative Agent for and hold it harmless against the full amount of
Taxes or Other Taxes (including, without limitation, Taxes and Other Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 2.15) payable by
such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be), and any liability (including penalties, interest, additions to taxes and expenses) arising therefrom or
with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally asserted. This indemnification shall be made within 30 days from the date
such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be), makes written demand therefor.
((1) As soon as practicable after the date of any payment of Taxes or Other Taxes, each Borrower and Mondeléz shall furnish to the Administrative
Agent, at its address referred to in Section 9.02, the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
(e) Each Lender, on or prior to the date of its execution and delivery of this Agreement in the case of each Initial Lender and on the date of the
Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it becomes a Lender in the case of each other Lender, shall provide each of the Administrative Agent, Mondeléz and
each applicable Borrower with any form or certificate that is required by any US. federal taxing authority to certify such Lender’s entitlement to any applicable
exemption from or reduction in, Home Jurisdiction U.S. Withholding Tax in reSpect of any payments hereunder or under any Note (including, if applicable, two
original Internal Revenue Service Forms W-9, W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E or W-8ECI, as apprOpriate, or any successor or other form prescribed by the Internal Revenue
Service or to the extent a Non-U.S. Lender is not the beneﬁcial owner (for example, where the Non-US. Lender is a partnership or participating Lender granting a
participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.07(e)), two original Internal Revenue Service Form W-SIMY, accompanied by any applicable
certification documents from each beneficial owner) and any other documentation reasonably requested by Mondeléz, the applicable Borrower or the
Administrative Agent. Thereafter, each such Lender shall provide additional forms or certificates (i) to the extent a form or certificate previously provided has
become inaccurate or invalid or has otherwise ceased to be effective or (ii) as requested in writing by Mondeléz, the Administrative Agent or such Borrower or, if
such Lender no longer qualifies for the applicable exemption from or reduction in, Home Jurisdiction U.S. Withholding Tax, promptly notify the Administrative
Agent and Mondeléz or such Borrower of its inability to do so. Unless such Borrower, Mondeléz and the Administrative Agent have received forms or other
documents from each Lender satisfactory to them indicating that payments hereunder or under any Note are not subject to Home Jurisdiction U.S. Withholding
Taxes or are subject to Home Jurisdiction U.S. Withholding Taxes at a rate reduced by an applicable tax treaty, such Borrower, Mondeléz or the Administrative
Agent shall withhold such Home Jurisdiction U.S. Withholding Taxes from such payments at the applicable statutory rate in the case of payments to or for such
Lender and such Borrower or Mondeléz shall pay additional amounts to the extent required by paragraph (a) of this Section 2.15 (subject to the exceptions
contained in this Section 2.15).
-30-