“ Base Rate Loan ” means a Loan that bears interest as provided in Section 2.04(a)(i).
“ Board,” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor).
“ Borrower Agent” means agents of Mondeléz or the Borrower acting in capacity with, or benefitting from, this Agreement or the proceeds of any
Loan.
“ Borrower ” has the meaning specified in the preamble hereto.
“ Borrowing” means a group of Three-Year Loans or Five-Year Loans, as the case may be, of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the
same date and, in the case of Eurodollar Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect.
“ B,usiness,Day:” means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in New York City and, if the applicable
Business Day relates to any LIBO Rate Loans, on which dealings are carried on in the London interbank market and banks are open for business in London.
“ Commission,” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
“ Commitment ” means as to any Lender, such Lender’s Three-Year Loan Commitment and such Lender’s F ive-Year Loan Commitment (or any
combination thereof, as the context may require).
“ CommitmenLEees,” has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a).
“ Consolidated Tangible Assets ” means the total assets appearing on a consolidated balance sheet of Mondeléz and its Subsidiaries, less goodwill and
other intangible assets and the minority interests of other Persons in such Subsidiaries, all as determined in accordance with GAAP.
“ Convert ,” “ Conversion ” and “ Converted ” each refers to a conversion of Loans of one Type into Loans of the other Type pursuant to Section 2.06,
2.08 or 2.13.
“ Co-Syndication Agents ” means Bank of America, NA, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Goldman
Sachs Bank USA, HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. and Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
“ Debt,” means (i) indebtedness for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services, whether or not evidenced by bonds,
debentures, notes or similar instruments, (ii) obligations as lessee under leases that, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States, are recorded as capital leases, and (iii) obligations under direct or indirect guaranties in respect of, and obligations (contingent or otherwise) to purchase or
otherwise acquire, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss in respect of, indebtedness or obligations of any other Person of the kinds referred to in clause (i) or
(ii) above.
-4-