Iable,of,Contents
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
We use non-GAAP ﬁnancial information and believe it is useful to investors as it provides additional information to facilitate comparisons of historical
operating results, identify trends in our underlying operating results and provide additional insight and transparency on how we evaluate our
business. We use non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures to budget, make operating and strategic decisions and evaluate our performance. We have detailed
the non-GAAP adjustments that we make in our non-GAAP deﬁnitions below. The adjustments generally fall within the following categories:
acquisition & divestiture activities, gains and losses on intangible asset sales and non-cash impairments, major program restructuring activities,
constant currency and related adjustments, major program ﬁnancing and hedging activities and other major items affecting comparability of operating
results. We believe the non-GAAP measures should always be considered along with the related US. GAAP ﬁnancial measures. We have provided
the reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures below, and we also discuss our underlying GAAP results throughout our
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Form 10-K.
Our primary non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures are listed below and reﬂect how we evaluate our current and prior-year operating results. As new events
or circumstances arise, these deﬁnitions could change. When our deﬁnitions change, we provide the updated deﬁnitions and present the related non-
GAAP historical results on a comparable basis.
° “Organic Net Revenue” is deﬁned as net revenues excluding the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures (1) , our historical global coffee
business (2) , our historical Venezuelan operations, accounting calendar changes and currency rate ﬂuctuations (3) . We also evaluate
Organic Net Revenue growth from emerging markets and our Power Brands.
° Our emerging markets include our Latin America region in its entirety; the AMEA region, excluding Australia, New Zealand and
Japan; and the following countries from the Europe region: Russia, Ukraine, Turkey, Kazakhstan, Belarus, Georgia, Poland,
Czech Republic, Slovak Republic, Hungary, Bulgaria, Romania, the Baltics and the East Adriatic countries.
° Our Power Brands include some of our largest global and regional brands such as Oreo, Chips Ahoyl, Ritz, TUC/ Club Social and
belVita biscuits; Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka and Lacta chocolate; Trident gum; Hall’s candy; and Tang powdered beverages.
° “Adjusted Operating Income” is defined as operating income excluding the impacts of Spin-Off Costs (4) ; the 2012-2014 Restructuring
Program (5) ; the 2014-2018 Restructuring Program (5) ; Venezuela remeasurement and deconsolidation losses and historical operating
results; gains or losses (including non-cash impairment charges) on goodwill and intangible assets; divestiture (1) or acquisition gains or
losses and related integration and acquisition costs; the JDE coffee business transactions (2) gain and net incremental costs; the
operating results of divestitures (1) ; our historical global coffee business operating results (2) ; mark-to-market impacts from commodity
and forecasted currency transaction derivative contracts (6) ; and equity method investment earnings historically reported within operating
income (7) . We also present “Adjusted Operating Income margin,” which is subject to the same adjustments as Adjusted Operating
Income. We also evaluate growth in our Adjusted Operating Income on a constant currency basis (3) .
° “Adjusted EPS” is deﬁned as diluted EPS attributable to Mondelez International from continuing operations excluding the impacts of Spin-
Off Costs (4) ; the 2012-2014 Restructuring Program (5) ; the 2014-2018 Restructuring Program (5) ; Venezuela remeasurement and
deconsolidation losses and historical operating results; losses on debt extinguishment and related expenses; gains or losses (including
non-cash impairment charges) on goodwill and intangible assets; divestiture (1) or acquisition gains or losses and related integration and
acquisition costs; the JDE coffee business transactions (2) gain, transaction hedging gains or losses and net incremental costs; gain on
the equity method investment exchange; net earnings from divestitures (1) ; mark-to-market impacts from commodity and forecasted
currency transaction derivative contracts (6) ; and gains or losses on interest rate swaps no longer designated as accounting cash ﬂow
hedges due to changed financing and hedging plans. Similarly, within Adjusted EPS, our equity method investment net earnings exclude
our proportionate share of our investees’ unusual or infrequent items (8) , such as acquisition and divestiture-related costs and
restructuring program costs. We also evaluate growth in our Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis (3) .
5O