Iable,of,Contents
Maintaining, extending and expanding our reputation and brand image is essential to our business success.
Our success depends on our ability to maintain brand image for our existing products, extend our brands into new geographies and to new
distribution platforms, including e-commerce, and expand our brand image with new and renewed product offerings.
We seek to maintain, extend and expand our brand image through marketing investments, including advertising and consumer promotions, and both
product renovation and innovation. Failure to effectively address the continuing global focus on well-being, including weight management, changing
consumer perceptions of certain ingredients, and increasing attention from the media, shareholders, consumers, activists and other stakeholders on
the role of food marketing could adversely affect our brand image. Undue caution on our part in addressing these challenges could weaken our
competitive position. Such pressures could also lead to stricter regulations and increased focus on food and snacking marketing practices. Increased
legal or regulatory restrictions on our advertising, consumer promotions and marketing, or our response to those restrictions, could limit our efforts to
maintain, extend and expand our brands. Moreover, adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action against us, product quality and safety, where
we manufacture our products or environmental and human and workplace rights risks in our supply chain could damage our reputation and brand
image, undermine our customers’ confidence and reduce demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or these
matters are immaterial to our operations. Our sponsorship relationships could also subject us to negative publicity.
In addition, our success in maintaining, extending and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing marketing
and media environment, including our increasing reliance on social media and online dissemination of marketing and advertising campaigns. A
variety of legal and regulatory restrictions limit how and to whom we market our products. These restrictions may limit our ability to maintain, extend
and expand our brand image, particularly as social media and the communications environment continue to evolve. Negative posts or comments
about us on social networking web sites (whether factual or not) or security breaches related to use of our social media and failure to respond
effectively to these posts, comments or activities could seriously damage our reputation and brand image across the various regions in which we
operate. In addition, we might fail to invest sufﬁciently in maintaining, extending and expanding our brand image, and our marketing efforts might not
achieve desired results. As a result, we might be required to recognize impairment charges on our intangible assets or goodwill. Furthermore, third
parties may sell counterfeit or spurious versions of our products that are inferior or pose safety risks. If that happens, consumers could confuse these
counterfeit products for our products or have a bad experience with the counterfeit brand, causing consumers to refrain from purchasing our brands.
If we do not successfully maintain, extend and expand our reputation and brand image, then our brands, product sales, ﬁnancial condition and results
of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
We are subject to risks from operating globally.
We are a global company and generated 75.6% of our 2016 net revenues, 78.7% of our 2015 net revenues and 82.1% of our 2014 net revenues
outside the United States. We manufacture and market our products in approximately 165 countries and have operations in more than 80 countries.
Therefore, we are subject to risks inherent in global operations. Those risks include:
o compliance with US. laws affecting operations outside of the United States, including anti-bribery laws such as the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act (“FCPA”);
° compliance with antitrust and competition laws, trade laws, data privacy laws, anti-bribery laws, and a variety of other local, national and
multi-national regulations and laws in multiple regimes;
0 changes in tax laws, including enactment of new US. and foreign jurisdiction tax laws, interpretation of tax laws and tax audit outcomes;
° currency devaluations or ﬂuctuations in currency values, including in developing markets such as Argentina, Brazil, China, Mexico,
Russia, Turkey, Egypt, Nigeria, Ukraine and South Africa as well as in developed markets such as the United Kingdom and other
countries within the European Union;
0 the imposition of increased or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers or similar restrictions on our sales or key commodities like cocoa,
potential changes in US. trade programs and trade relations with other countries, or regulations, taxes or policies that might negatively
affect our sales;
° changes in capital controls, including currency exchange controls, government currency policies such as demonetization in India or other
limits on our ability to import raw materials or ﬁnished product into various countries or repatriate cash from outside the United States;
° increased sovereign risk, such as default by or deterioration in the economies and credit ratings of governments, particularly in our Latin
America and AM EA regions;
10