Iable,of,Contents
Other Countries. Since we have operations in over 80 countries and sell in approximately 165 countries, we monitor economic and currency-related
risks and seek to take protective measures in response to these exposures. Some of the countries in which we do business have recently
experienced periods of signiﬁcant economic uncertainty. These include Brazil, China, Mexico, Russia, Turkey, Egypt, Nigeria, Ukraine and South
Africa, most of which have had either currency devaluation or volatility in exchange rates. We continue to monitor operations, currencies and net
monetary exposures in these countries. At this time, we do not anticipate any risk to our operating results from changing to highly inﬂationary
accounting in these countries.
Cash and Cash Equivalents:
Cash and cash equivalents include demand deposits with banks and all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.
Transfers of Financial Assets:
We account for transfers of financial assets, such as uncommitted revolving non-recourse accounts receivable factoring arrangements, when we
have surrendered control over the related assets. Determining whether control has transferred requires an evaluation of relevant legal
considerations, an assessment of the nature and extent of our continuing involvement with the assets transferred and any other relevant
considerations. We use receivable factoring arrangements periodically when circumstances are favorable to manage liquidity. We have a factoring
arrangement with a major global bank for a maximum combined capacity of $802 million. Under the program, we may sell eligible short-term trade
receivables to the bank in exchange for cash. We then continue to collect the receivables sold, acting solely as a collecting agent on behalf of the
bank. We also enter into arrangements with customers to achieve earlier collection of receivables. The total incremental cost of factoring receivables
for all regions was $9 million in 2016, $7 million in 2015 and $7 million in 2014 and was recorded in net revenue. The outstanding principal amount of
receivables under all arrangements amounted to $745 million as of December 31, 2016, $666 million as of December 31, 2015 and $421 million as
of December 31 , 2014.
Accounting Calendar Change:
In connection with moving toward a common consolidation date across the Company, in the ﬁrst quarter of 2015, we changed the consolidation date
for our North America segment from the last Saturday of each period to the last calendar day of each period. The change had a favorable impact of
$76 million on net revenues and $36 million on operating income in 2015. As a result of this change, each of our operating subsidiaries now reports
results as of the last calendar day of the period. As the effect to prior-period results was not material, we have not revised prior-period results.
Inventories:
We value our inventory using the average cost method. We also record inventory allowances for overstock and obsolete inventories due to ingredient
and packaging changes.
Long-Lived Assets:
Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost and depreciated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Machinery and equipment are depreciated over periods ranging from 3 to 20 years and buildings and building improvements over periods up to
40 years.
We review long-lived assets, including amortizable intangible assets, for realizability on an ongoing basis. Changes in depreciation, generally
accelerated depreciation, are determined and recorded when estimates of the remaining useful lives or residual values of long-term assets change.
We also review for impairment when conditions exist that indicate the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. In those
circumstances, we perform undiscounted operating cash ﬂow analyses to determine if an impairment exists. When testing for asset impairment, we
group assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which cash flows are separately identiﬁable. Any impairment loss is calculated as the excess of the
asset’s carrying value over its estimated fair value. Fair value is estimated based on the discounted cash ﬂows for the asset group over the remaining
useful life or based on the expected cash proceeds for the asset less costs of disposal. Any signiﬁcant impairment losses would be recorded within
asset impairment and exit costs in the consolidated statements of earnings.
Software Costs:
We capitalize certain computer software and software development costs incurred in connection with developing or obtaining computer software for
internal use. Capitalized software costs are included in property, plant and equipment and amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated
useful lives of the software, which do not exceed seven years.
69