“ Base Rate Advance ” means a Pro Rata Advance that bears interest as provided in Section 2.04(a)(i).
“ Board,” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor).
“ Borrower Agent” means agents of Mondeléz acting in capacity with, or beneﬁtting from, this Agreement or the proceeds of any Advance.
“ Borrowers,” means, collectively, Mondeléz and each Designated Subsidiary that shall become a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.08.
“ Borrowing” means a Pro Rata Borrowing or a Competitive Bid Borrowing.
“ Business Day: means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in New York City and, if the applicable
Business Day relates to any LIBO Rate Advances or Floating Rate Bid Advances, on which dealings are carried on in the London interbank market and banks are
open for business in London.
“ Commission ” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
“ Commitment,” means as to any Lender (i) the Dollar amount set forth opposite such Lender’s name on Schedule I hereto, (ii) if such Lender has
entered into an Assignment and Acceptance, the Dollar amount set forth for such Lender in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent, pursuant to
Section 9.07(d), or (iii) if such Lender becomes a Lender pursuant to a Commitment Increase Amendment, the Dollar amount set forth for such Lender in such
Commitment Increase Amendment, in each case as such amount may be increased pursuant to Section 2.18 or reduced pursuant to Section 2.10.
“ Commitment Increase ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(a).
“ CommitmenLIncreaseAmendment,” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(a).
“ Competitive Bid Advance ” means an advance by a Lender to any Borrower as part of a Competitive Bid Borrowing resulting from the competitive
bidding procedure described in Section 2.07 and refers to a Fixed Rate Bid Advance or a Floating Rate Bid Advance.
“ Competitive Bid Borrowin g” means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Competitive Bid Advances from each of the Lenders whose offer to
make one or more Competitive Bid Advances as part of such borrowing has been accepted under the competitive bidding procedure described in Section 2.07.
“ CornpetitiyeiBidjiote," means a promissory note of any Borrower payable to any Lender (or its registered assigns), in substantially the form of
Exhibit A-2 hereto, evidencing the indebtedness of such Borrower to such Lender resulting from a Competitive Bid Advance made by such Lender to such
Borrower.
-4-