Iable,of,Contents
(1) Divestitures include completed sales of businesses and exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement.
(2) In connection with the JDE coffee business transactions that closed on July 2, 2015, because we exchanged our coffee interests for similarly-sized coffee
interests in JDE at the time of the transaction, we have deconsolidated and not included our historical global coffee business results within divestitures in
our non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures and in the related Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . We
continue to have an ongoing interest in the coffee business and as such, we include the earnings of JDE, Keurig and our historical coffee business within
continuing results of operations. V\ﬁthin Adjusted EPS, we included these earnings with equity method investment earnings and deconsolidated our
historical coffee business results from Organic Net Revenue and Adjusted Operating Income to facilitate comparisons of past and future coffee operating
results.
(3) Constant currency operating results are calculated by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current-period local currency operating results by the
currency exchange rates used to translate the ﬁnancial statements in the comparable prior-year period to determine what the current-period U.S. dollar
operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period.
(4) Refer to Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions — Spin-Off of Kraft Foods Group , to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for more information on Spin-Off
Costs incurred in connection with the October 1, 2012 spin-off of the Kraft Foods Group grocery business.
(5) Non-GAAP adjustments related to the 2014-2018 Restructuring Program and the 2012-2014 Restructuring Program reﬂect costs incurred that relate to the
objectives of our program to transform our supply chain network and organizational structure. Costs that do not meet the program objectives are not
reflected in the non-GAAP adjustments.
(6) During the third quarter of 2016, we began to exclude unrealized gains and losses (mark-to-market impacts) from outstanding commodity and forecasted
currency transaction derivatives from our non-GAAP earnings measures until such time that the related exposures impact our operating results. Since we
purchase commodity and forecasted currency transaction contracts to mitigate price volatility primarily for inventory requirements in future periods, we
made this adjustment to remove the volatility of these future inventory purchases on current operating results to facilitate comparisons of our underlying
operating performance across periods. We also discontinued designating commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives for hedge accounting
treatment. To facilitate comparisons of our underlying operating results, we have recast all historical non-GAAP earnings measures to exclude the mark-to-
market impacts.
(7) Historically, we have recorded income from equity method investments within our operating income as these investments operated as extensions of our
base business. Beginning in the third quarter of 2015, we began to record the earnings from our equity method investments in after-tax equity method
investment earnings outside of operating income following the deconsolidation of our coffee business. See Note 1, Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting
Policies — Principles of Consolidation , for more information. In periods prior to July 2, 2015, we have reclassiﬁed the equity method earnings from our
Adjusted Operating Income to after-tax equity method investment earnings within Adjusted EPS to be consistent with the deconsolidation of our coffee
business results on July 2, 2015 and in order to evaluate our operating results on a consistent basis.
(8) We have excluded our proportionate share of our equity method investees’ unusual or infrequent items in order to provide investors with a comparable
view of our performance across periods. Although we have shareholder rights and board representation commensurate with our ownership interests in our
equity method investees and review the underlying operating results and unusual or infrequent items with them each reporting period, we do not have
direct control over their operations or resulting revenue and expenses. Our use of equity method investment net earnings on an adjusted basis is not
intended to imply that we have any such control. Our GAAP “diluted EPS attributable to Mondelez International from continuing operations” includes all of
the investees’ unusual and infrequent items.
We believe that the presentation of these non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures, when considered together with our US GAAP ﬁnancial measures and the
reconciliations to the corresponding US. GAAP ﬁnancial measures, provides you with a more complete understanding of the factors and trends
affecting our business than could be obtained absent these disclosures. Because non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures vary among companies, the non-
GAAP ﬁnancial measures presented in this report may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. Our use of these
non-GAAP financial measures is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for any US. GAAP ﬁnancial measure. A limitation of these
non-GAAP financial measures is they exclude items detailed below that have an impact on our US. GAAP reported results. The best way this
limitation can be addressed is by evaluating our non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures in combination with our US. GAAP reported results and carefully
evaluating the following tables that reconcile U.S. GAAP reported ﬁgures to the non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures in this Form 10-K.
51