“ Joint Bookrunners ” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, NA, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, HSBC Securities
(USA) Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, F enner & Smith Incorporated.
“ Joint Lead Arrangers ” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, NA, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, HSBC Securities
(USA) Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, F enner & Smith Incorporated.
“ Lenders,” means the Initial Lenders, any New Lender, any Augmenting Lender and their respective successors and permitted assignees.
“ LIBO Rate ” means, with respect to any LIBO Rate Advance or Floating Rate Bid Advance for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal
to either:
(a) the Screen Rate as of 11:00 am. (London time) two Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period; or
(b) if the Screen Rate shall not be available at the applicable time for the applicable Interest Period, then the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period shall
be the Interpolated Rate as of 11:00 am. (London time) two Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period; or
(c) if the Interpolated Rate shall not be available at the applicable time for the applicable Interest Period, then the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period
shall be the Historical Screen Rate; or
(d) if the Historical Screen Rate shall not be available at the applicable time for the applicable Interest Period, then the LIBO Rate for such Interest
Period shall be the Interpolated Historical Screen Rate;
provided that in no event shall the LIBO Rate be less than 0% for the purposes of this Agreement.
“ LIBO Rate Advance ” means a Pro Rata Advance that bears interest as provided in Section 2.04(a)(ii).
“ Lien,” has the meaning specified in Section 5.02(a).
“ Majorjubsidiary: means any Subsidiary of Mondeléz (a) more than 50% of the voting securities of which is owned directly or indirectly by
Mondeléz, (b) which is organized and existing under, or has its principal place of business in, the United States or any political subdivision thereof, Canada or any
political subdivision thereof, any country which is a member of the European Union on the date hereof or any political subdivision thereof, or Switzerland, Norway
or Australia or any of their respective political subdivisions, and (c) which has at any time total assets (after intercompany eliminations) exceeding $1,000,000,000.
-11-