“Predecessor Security” of any particular Security means every previous Security evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by that
particular Security, and, for the purposes of this deﬁnition, any Security authenticated and delivered under Section 306 in lieu of a mutilated, destroyed, lost or
stolen Security.
“Principal Facility” has the meaning specified in Section 1007.
“Principal Financial Center” means, unless otherwise speciﬁed in accordance with Section 301:
(1) the capital city of the country issuing the Foreign Currency or currency unit, except that with respect to Dollars, Australian dollars, Canadian
dollars, South African rand and Swiss francs, the “Principal Financial Center” will be The City of New York, Sydney and Melbourne, Toronto, Johannesburg
and Zurich, respectively, or
(2) the capital city of the country to which the LIBOR Currency relates, except that with respect to Dollars, Canadian dollars, South African rand and
Swiss francs, the “Principal Financial Center” will be The City of New York, Toronto, Johannesburg and Zurich, respectively.
“Redemption Date”, when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed in whole or in part, means the date fixed for such redemption by or pursuant to
this Indenture.
“Redemption Price”, when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed, means, unless otherwise specified in such Security an amount, in the currency
or currency unit in which such Security is denominated or which is otherwise provided for pursuant hereto, equal to the principal amount thereof and premium, if
any, thereon, together with accrued interest, if any, to the Redemption Date.
“Registered Security” means any Security established pursuant to Section 201 which is registered in the Security Register.
“Regular Record Date” for the interest payable on any Interest Payment Date on the Registered Securities of any series, means the date, if any, specified for
that purpose as contemplated by Section 301.
“Responsible Officer”, when used with respect to the Trustee for any series of Securities, means any officer within the corporate trust department of the
Trustee, including any vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee who
customarily performs functions similar to those performed by the Persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate trust matter
is referred because of such person’s knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this
Indenture.
“Securities” means securities evidencing unsecured indebtedness of the Company authenticated and delivered under this Indenture.
“Security Register” and “Security Registrar” have the respective meanings specified in Section 305.
A “series” of Securities means all Securities denoted as part of the same series authorized by or pursuant to a particular Board Resolution.
“Special Record Date” for the payment of any Defaulted Interest on the Registered Securities of any series means a date fixed by the Trustee for such series
pursuant to Section 307.
“Stated Maturity”, when used with respect to any Security or any installment of principal thereof or interest thereon, means the date specified in such
Security.
“Subsidiary” means any corporation of which at least a majority of all outstanding stock or other interests having ordinary voting power in the election of
directors, managers or trustees (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) thereof is at the time, directly or indirectly, owned or controlled by the
Company or by one or more Subsidiaries or by the Company and one or more Subsidiaries.
“Substitute Date” has the meaning specified in Section 516.
“Trust Indenture Act” means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended by the Trust Indenture Reform Act of 1990, as in force at the date as of which this
Indenture was executed, provided, however, that in the event the Trust Indenture Act is amended after such date, “Trust Indenture Act” means, to the extent
required by any such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as so amended.
6