Iable,of,Contents
In November 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that requires the change in restricted cash or cash equivalents to be included with other changes in
cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, with early
adoption permitted. We anticipate adopting this standard at the same time as the cash ﬂow statement classiﬁcation changes described below go into
effect on January 1, 2018. We are currently assessing the impact on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In October 2016, the FASB issued an ASU to amend the consolidation guidance on the treatment of indirect interests held through related parties
that are under common control. Under the amendments, a single decision maker is required to include those interests on a proportionate basis
consistent with indirect interests held through other related parties ._The ASU is effective for ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, with
early adoption permitted. We adopted the new standard on December 31, 2016 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements.
In October 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that requires the recognition of tax consequences of intercompany asset transfers other than inventory
when the transfer occurs and removes the exception to postpone recognition until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The ASU is effective
for ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We anticipate adopting on January 1, 2018 and do not expect the
ASU to have a material impact on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In August 2016, the FASB issued an ASU to provide guidance on eight speciﬁc cash ﬂow classiﬁcation issues and reduce diversity in practice in how
some cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classiﬁed in the statement of cash ﬂows. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We anticipate adopting this standard on January 1, 2018. We are currently assessing the
impact on our consolidated statements of cash flows.
In March 2016, the FASB issued an ASU to simplify the accounting for stock-based compensation. The ASU addresses several areas of accounting
for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classiﬁcation of awards as either equity or liabilities and cash ﬂow
statement presentation. The ASU is effective for ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We will adopt the
standard on January 1, 2017. Following adoption and on a prospective basis, we anticipate greater volatility in our consolidated statements of
earnings as we will record certain stock-based compensation tax impacts in earnings (within the provision for income taxes) while under the former
guidance and for periods prior to January 1, 2017, the tax impacts were recorded directly to equity (within additional paid-in capital).
In March 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that simpliﬁes the transition accounting for increases in investments that require a change from the cost
basis to the equity method of accounting. U.S. GAAP currently requires the impact of such changes in accounting method to be retroactively applied
to all prior periods that the investment was held. Under the new standard, adjustments to the investor’s basis in the investment should be recorded
on the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. The equity method of accounting is then applied prospectively from that
date. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We early adopted this standard on
December 31, 2016 and it did not have an impact on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In March 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that clariﬁes whether contingent put and call options meet the “clearly and closely related” criteria in
connection with accounting for embedded derivatives. U.S GAAP requires that embedded derivatives be separated from the host contract and
accounted for separately as derivatives if certain criteria are met. The criteria include determining that the economic characteristics and risks of the
embedded derivatives are not “clearly and closely related” to those of the host contract. The ASU is effective for ﬁscal years beginning after
December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We adopted the new standard on December 31, 2016 and it did not have a material impact on our
consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In March 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that applies when there is a contract novation to a new counterparty for a derivative designated as an
accounting hedge. The ASU clariﬁes that such a change in counterparty does not, in and of itself, require de-designation of the hedging relationship,
provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met. The ASU is effective for ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, with
early adoption permitted. We adopted the new standard on December 31, 2016 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements.
In February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU on lease accounting. The ASU revises existing U.S. GAAP and outlines a new model for lessors and
lessees to use in accounting for lease contracts. The guidance requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability on the balance
sheet for all leases, with the exception of short-term leases. In the consolidated statement of earnings, lessees will classify leases as either operating
(resulting in straight-line expense) or ﬁnancing (resulting in a front-loaded expense pattern). The ASU is effective for ﬁscal years beginning after
December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. We anticipate adopting the new standard on January 1, 2019. We have made progress in our due
diligence and continue to assess the impact of the new standard across our operations and on our consolidated financial statements.
73