SECTION 9.10 Execution in Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in
separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by telecopier or email shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart of this Agreement.
SECTION 9.11 Jurisdiction. Etc.
(a) Submission to Jurisdiction; Service of Process . Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its
property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court thereof, in any action or
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally agrees that all claims in reSpect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in any such court. Each of Mondeléz and each
Borrower hereby agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding brought in any such court may be made upon the process agent appointed pursuant
to Section 9.11(b) (the “ Pro,c,ess,Agent,”) and each Designated Subsidiary hereby irrevocably appoints the Process Agent its authorized agent to accept such service
of process, and agrees that the failure of the Process Agent to give any notice of any such service shall not impair or affect the validity of such service or of any
judgment rendered in any action or proceeding based thereon. Each of Mondeléz and each Borrower hereby further irrevocably consents to the service of process in
any such action or proceeding in any such court by the mailing thereof by any parties hereto by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to Mondeléz or such
Borrower, as applicable, at its address specified pursuant to Section 9.02. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a ﬁnal judgment in any such action or proceeding
shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall
affect any right that any party may otherwise have to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by law.
(b) AppointmentofProcess,Agent,. Mondelez agrees to appoint a Process Agent from the Effective Date through the repayment in full of all
Obligations hereunder (i) to receive on behalf of Mondeléz, each Borrower and each Designated Subsidiary and their respective property service of copies of the
summons and complaint and any other process which may be served in any action or proceeding in any New York State or Federal court sitting in New York City
arising out of or relating to this Agreement and (ii) to forward forthwith to Mondelez, each Borrower and each Designated Subsidiary at their respective addresses
copies of any summons, complaint and other process which such Process Agent receives in connection with its appointment. Mondeléz will give the Administrative
Agent prompt notice of such Process Agent’s address.
(c) Waivers.
(i) Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection that it
may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Notes in any New York
state or Federal court. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the
maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
-60-