Iable,of,Contents
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.
As we operate globally, we are primarily exposed to currency exchange rate, commodity price and interest rate market risks. We monitor and
manage these exposures as part of our overall risk management program. Our risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of ﬁnancial
markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effects that the volatility of these markets may have on our operating results. We principally
utilize derivative instruments to reduce signiﬁcant, unanticipated earnings ﬂuctuations that may arise from volatility in currency exchange rates,
commodity prices and interest rates. For additional information on our derivative activity and the types of derivative instruments we use to hedge our
currency exchange, commodity price and interest rate exposures, see Note 8, Financial Instruments .
Many of our non-U.S. subsidiaries operate in functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates create volatility
in our reported results as we translate the balance sheets, operating results and cash flows of these subsidiaries into the U.S. dollar for consolidated
reporting purposes. The translation of non-U.S. dollar denominated balance sheets and statements of earnings of our subsidiaries into the U.S. dollar
for consolidated reporting generally results in a cumulative translation adjustment to other comprehensive income within equity. A stronger U.S.
dollar relative to other functional currencies adversely affects our consolidated earnings and net assets while a weaker US. dollar beneﬁts our
consolidated earnings and net assets. While we hedge signiﬁcant forecasted currency exchange transactions as well as certain net assets of non-
U.S. operations and other currency impacts, we cannot fully predict or eliminate volatility arising from changes in currency exchange rates on our
consolidated financial results. See Consolidated Results of Operations and Results of Operations by Reportable Segment under Discussion and
Analysis of Historical Results for currency exchange effects on our ﬁnancial results. For additional information on the impact of currency policies,
Brexit, recent currency devaluations, the deconsolidation of our Venezuelan operation and the historical remeasurement of our Venezuelan net
monetary assets on our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations, also see Note 1, Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies—Currency
Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting .
We also continually monitor the market for commodities that we use in our products. Input costs may ﬂuctuate widely due to international demand,
weather conditions, government policy and regulation and unforeseen conditions. To manage input cost volatility, we enter into forward purchase
agreements and other derivative ﬁnancial instruments. We also pursue productivity and cost saving measures and take pricing actions when
necessary to mitigate the impact of higher input costs on earnings.
We regularly evaluate our variable and fixed-rate debt as well as current and expected interest rates in the markets in which we raise capital. Our
primary exposures include movements in U.S. Treasury rates, corporate credit spreads, London Interbank Offered Rates (“LIBOR”), Euro Interbank
Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and commercial paper rates. We periodically use interest rate swaps and forward interest rate contracts to achieve a
desired proportion of variable versus ﬁxed rate debt based on current and projected market conditions. In addition to using interest rate derivatives to
manage future interest payments, during 2016, we retired $6.2 billion of our long-term debt and related costs and issued $6.4 billion of lower
borrowing cost debt. Our weighted-average interest rate on our total debt as of December 31, 2016 was 2.2%, down from 3.7% as of December 31,
2015.
There were no significant changes in the types of derivative instruments we use to hedge our exposures between December 31, 2015 and
December 31, 2016. See Note 8, Financial Instruments , for more information on 2016 derivative activity.
Value at Risk:
We use a value at risk (“VAR”) computation to estimate: 1) the potential one-day loss in the fair value of our interest rate-sensitive ﬁnancial
instruments; and 2) the potential one-day loss in pre-tax earnings of our currency and commodity price-sensitive derivative ﬁnancial instruments. The
VAR analysis was done separately for our currency exchange, ﬁxed income and commodity risk portfolios as of each quarter end during the periods
presented below. The instruments included in the VAR computation were currency exchange forwards and options for currency exchange risk, debt
and swaps for interest rate risk, and commodity forwards, futures and options for commodity risk. Excluded from the computation were anticipated
transactions, currency trade payables and receivables, and net investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries, which the above-mentioned instruments are
intended to hedge.
58