Iable,of,Contents
We also face increased personnel-related risks in connection with implementing the changes in our transformation agenda related to our operating
model and business processes, including building a global shared services capability and reconﬁguring our supply chain. These risks could lead to
operational challenges, including increased competition for employees with the skills we require to achieve our business goals; higher employee
turnover, including of employees with key capabilities; and challenges in developing the capabilities necessary to build and effectively execute a
shared services function and transform our business processes. Furthermore, we might be unable to manage appropriately changes in, or that affect,
our workforce or satisfy the legal requirements associated with how we manage and compensate our employees. This includes our management of
employees represented by labor unions or workers’ councils, who represent approximately 65% of our 78,000 employees outside the United States
and approximately 28% of our 12,000 US. employees. Strikes, work stoppages or other forms of labor unrest by our employees or those of our
suppliers or distributors, or situations like the re-negotiation of collective bargaining agreements covering eight U.S. facilities that expired in February
2016, could cause disruptions to our supply chain, manufacturing or distribution processes.
These risks could materially and adversely affect our reputation, ability to meet the needs of our customers, product sales, financial condition and
results of operations.
Our retail customers are consolidating and we must leverage our value proposition in order to compete against retailer and other
economy brands.
Retail customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs and food distributors in the European Union, the United States and our other major
markets continue to consolidate or form buying alliances, resulting in fewer, larger customers with whom we can conduct business. Large retail
customers and customer alliances can resist our efforts to increase prices, delist our products or reduce the shelf space allotted to our products, and
demand lower pricing, increased promotional programs, longer payment terms or speciﬁcally tailored products. Retail customers might also adopt
these tactics in their dealings with us in response to the signiﬁcant growth in online retailing for consumer products, which is outpacing the growth of
traditional retail channels. In addition, larger retail customers have the scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced
inventories or to develop and market their own retailer and other economy brands that compete with some of our products. Our products must
provide higher quality or value to our consumers than the less expensive alternatives, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty.
Consumers may not buy our products if consumers perceive the difference in the quality or value between our products and the retailer or other
economy brands has narrowed. lf consumers switch to purchasing or othenNise prefer the retailer or other economy brands, then we could lose
market share or sales volumes, or we may need to shift our product mix to lower margin offerings.
Retail consolidation also increases the risk that adverse changes in our customers’ business operations or ﬁnancial performance will have a
corresponding material adverse effect on us. For example, if our customers cannot access sufficient funds or ﬁnancing, then they may delay,
decrease or cancel purchases of our products, or delay or fail to pay us for previous purchases.
If we do not effectively respond to retail consolidation, increasing retail power and competition from retailer and other economy brands, our
reputation, brands, product sales, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
We are subject to changes in our relationships with significant customers or suppliers.
During 2016, our ﬁve largest customers accounted for 16.6% of our net revenues. There can be no assurance that our customers will continue to
purchase our products in the same mix or quantities or on the same terms as in the past, particularly as increasingly powerful retailers continue to
demand lower pricing and develop their own brands. The loss of or disruptions related to significant customers could result in a material reduction in
sales or change in the mix of products we sell to a signiﬁcant customer. This could materially and adversely affect our product sales, ﬁnancial
condition and results of operations.
Additionally, disputes with significant suppliers, including disputes related to pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to supply
products to our customers or operate our business and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, ﬁnancial condition and results of
operations.
13