(2) reduce the percentage in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any particular series, the consent of whose Holders is required for any
such supplemental indenture, or the consent of whose Holders is required for any waiver (of compliance with certain provisions of this Indenture or certain
defaults hereunder and their consequences) provided for in this Indenture; or
(3) modify any of the provisions of this Section or Section 513 or 1009, except to increase any such percentage or to provide that certain other
provisions of this Indenture cannot be modiﬁed or waived without the consent of the Holder of each Security affected thereby; provided, however, that this
clause shall not be deemed to require the consent of any Holder of a Security with respect to changes in the references to “the Trustee” and concomitant
changes in this Section and Section 1009, or the deletion of this proviso, in accordance with the requirements of Sections 609, 611(b), 901(6) and 901(7).
A supplemental indenture which changes or eliminates any covenant or other provision of this Indenture which has expressly been included solely for the
beneﬁt of one or more particular series of Securities, or which modiﬁes the rights of the Holders of Securities of such series with respect to such covenant or other
provision, shall be deemed not to affect the rights under this Indenture of the Holders of Securities of any other series.
It shall not be necessary for any Act of Holders under this Section to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture, but it shall be
sufﬁcient if such Act shall approve the substance thereof
SECTION 903. Execution of Supplemental Indentures.
In executing, or accepting the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture permitted by this Article or the modiﬁcations thereby of the trusts
created by this Indenture, the Trustee for any series of Securities shall receive, and (subject to Section 601) shall be fully protected in conclusively relying upon, an
Ofﬁcers’ Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel that includes the requirements of Section 102 of this Indenture and states that the execution of such supplemental
indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture and that such supplemental indenture is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms. The Trustee for any series of Securities may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such supplemental
indenture which affects such Trustee’s own rights, liabilities, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.
SECTION 904. Effect of Supplemental Indentures.
Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture under this Article, this Indenture shall be modiﬁed in accordance therewith and such supplemental
indenture shall form a part of this Indenture for all purposes; and every Holder of Securities theretofore or thereafter authenticated and delivered hereunder shall be
bound thereby.
SECTION 905. Conformity With Trust Indenture Act.
Every supplemental indenture executed pursuant to this Article shall conform to the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act as then in effect.
SECTION 906. Reference in Securities to Supplemental Indentures.
Securities of any particular series authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to this Article may, and shall if
required by the Trustee for the Securities of such series, bear a notation in form approved by such Trustee as to any matter provided for in such supplemental
indenture. If the Company shall so determine, new Securities of any series so modiﬁed as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee for the Securities of such series
and the Board of Directors, to any such supplemental indenture may be prepared and executed by the Company and such Securities may be authenticated and
delivered by such Trustee in exchange for Outstanding Securities of such series.
40