Iable,of,Contents
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
Information required by this Item 10 is included under the heading “Executive Ofﬁcers of the Registrant” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K, as well as
under the headings “Election of Directors,” “Corporate Governance - Governance Guidelines,” “Corporate Governance - Codes of Conduct,” “Board
Committees and Membership - Audit Committee” and “Ownership of Equity Securities - Section 16(a) Beneﬁcial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in
our deﬁnitive Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled to be held on May 17, 2017 (“2017 Proxy Statement”). All of this
information from the 2017 Prom Statement is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report.
The information on our web site is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report or incorporated into any other ﬁlings we make with
the SEC.
Item 11. Executive Compensation.
Information required by this Item 11 is included under the headings “Board Committees and Membership - Human Resources and Compensation
Committee,” “Compensation of Non-Employee Directors,” “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Executive Compensation Tables” and “Human
Resources and Compensation Committee Report for the Year Ended December 31, 2016” in our 2017 Proxy Statement. All of this information is
incorporated by reference into this Annual Report.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
The number of shares to be issued upon exercise or vesting of grants issued under, and the number of shares remaining available for future
issuance under, our equity compensation plans at December 31, 2016 were:
Equity Compensation Plan Information
Number of Securities
Remaining Available for
Number of Securities to Future Issuance under
be Issued Upon Exercise Weighted Average Equity Compensation
of Outstanding Exercise Price of Plans (excluding
Options, Warrants Outstanding Options, securities reflected
and Rightsjl) ﬂmamtﬁmd Rightsjgl, in column (2mg)
(3) (b) (0)
Equity compensation plans j
l approved by security holders : 60,270,666: $ 28.02: : 74,184,262:
(1) Includes outstanding options, deferred stock and performance share units and excludes restricted stock.
(2) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options only.
(3) Shares available for grant under our Amended and Restated 2005 Performance Incentive Plan.
Information related to the security ownership of certain beneﬁcial owners and management is included in our 2017 Proxy Statement under the
heading “Ownership of Equity Securities” and is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.
Information required by this Item 13 is included under the headings “Corporate Governance — Director lndependence” and “Corporate Governance -
Review of Transactions with Related Persons” in our 2017 Proxy Statement. All of this information is incorporated by reference into this Annual
Report.
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.
Information required by this Item 14 is included under the heading “Board Committees and Membership - Audit Committee” in our 2017 Proxy
Statement. All of this information is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report.
119