“ Eurocurrency Lending Office ” means, with reSpect to any Lender, the ofﬁce of such Lender specified as its “ Eurocurrency Lending Ofﬁce ”
opposite its name on Schedule II hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender (or, if no such office is speciﬁed, its Domestic
Lending Ofﬁce), or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to Mondeléz and the Administrative Agent.
“ Eurocurrency Liabilities ” has the meaning assigned to that term in Regulation D of the Board, as in effect from time to time.
“ EuLocuxrencyiRatcLResenveiBQLcentagg” for any Interest Period, for all LIBO Rate Advances or Floating Rate Bid Advances comprising part of the
same Borrowing owing to a Lender which is a member of the Federal Reserve System, means the reserve percentage applicable for such Lender two Business Days
before the ﬁrst day of such Interest Period under regulations issued from time to time by the Board for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including,
without limitation, any emergency, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) for a member bank of the Federal Reserve System in New York City with
reSpect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency Liabilities (or with respect to any other category of liabilities that includes deposits by
reference to which the interest rate on LIBO Rate Advances or Floating Rate Bid Advances is determined) having a term equal to such Interest Period.
“ EyentofDefault,” has the meaning speciﬁed in Section 6.01.
“ Existing Credit Agreement ” means Mondeléz’s existing U.S. $4,500,000,000 5-Year Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of October 10, 2013, as
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified in accordance with its terms, as in effect immediately prior to the amendment and restatement pursuant to
the terms hereof.
“ ExtendingLender,” has the meaning specified in Section 2.10(b).
“ Extension Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.10(b).
“ EacilityLEee,” has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a).
“ FATCA ” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code as enacted as of the date hereof or any amended or successor version that
is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with, and, in each case, regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretations
thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code as of the date hereof (or any amended or successor version
described above), and any intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction implementing the foregoing (or any law, regulation or
other ofﬁcial administrative interpretation implementing such an intergovernmental agreement).
“ FCPA,” means the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977.
“ EederaLBankrupticyLCode,” means the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as amended from time to time.
-8-