Iable,of,Contents
Strategy
We intend to leverage our core strengths, including our advantaged geographic footprint, market leadership positions and portfolio of iconic brands
and innovation platforms, to achieve three primary goals of growing our people, growing our business and growing our impact.
° Grow our People: We hire and inspire our people to engage in challenging and rewarding career experiences and to contribute their
talent to create a great place to work. We collaborate globally, scale ideas quickly and develop world-class capabilities. Our culture is
fast-moving, bold, innovative and accountable, reﬂecting the traits and skills necessary to thrive in a competitive global marketplace. To
support and build on the success of our people in a continually-evolving business environment, we invest in our people and their
development, foster respect for one another, celebrate diversity and commit to authenticity at every level. We also work to create an
environment in which our people can demonstrate innovative and courageous leadership to make a difference in every role they play in
the Company. As reﬂected in our actions and our investments in our people, we value their contributions and are committed to their
success.
° Grow our Business: We aim to deliver strong, proﬁtable long-term growth by accelerating our core snacks business and expanding the
reach of our Power Brands globally. Leveraging our Power brands — including Oreo, LU and belVita biscuits; Milka, Cadbury Dairy Milk
and Toblerone chocolate; Trident gum and Halls candy — and our innovation platforms, we plan to innovate boldly and connect with our
consumers wherever they are, including new markets around the world, using both traditional and digital channels. As consumer
consumption patterns change to more accessible, frequent and better-for-you snacking, we are enhancing the goodness of many of our
brands (including providing simpler and wholesome ingredient-focused snacks), expanding the well-being offerings in our portfolio and
inspiring consumers to snack mindfully by providing clear and simple nutrition information. As shopping expands further online, we are
also working to grow our e-commerce platform and on-line presence with consumers. To fuel these investments, we have been working
to optimize our cost structure. These efforts include reinventing our supply chain, including adding and upgrading to more efﬁcient
production lines, while reducing the complexity of our product offerings, ingredients and number of suppliers. We also continue to
aggressively manage our overhead costs. We have embraced and embedded zero-based budgeting practices across the organization to
identify potential areas of cost reductions and capture and sustain savings within our ongoing operating budgets. Through these actions,
we’re leveraging our brands, platforms and capabilities to drive long-term value and return on investment for our shareholders.
° Grow our Impact: Our growth is linked to enhancing the well-being of the people who make and enjoy our products, the communities we
serve and the planet and its limited resources. As consumers seek foods that taste delicious and match their lifestyle goals, we are
committed to meeting their well-being needs by becoming a leader in tasty, accessible, well-being snacks. To ensure the safety of our
people, we have implemented world-class safety programs, workplace wellness programs and policies to promote fair and equal
treatment. We conduct business in compliance with the law, our company policies and accepted standards of business conduct. We also
seek to improve consumers’ well-being by providing innovative community programs focused on learning about food choices, preparing
healthy meals, growing nutritious foods and encouraging children to play. We encourage our people to contribute time and talent to
community programs, and we provide humanitarian aid to communities in times of need. We also leverage our global operating scale to
secure sustainable raw materials and work with suppliers to drive meaningful social and environmental changes.
Reportable Segments
Our operations and management structure are organized into four reportable operating segments:
0 Latin America
° Asia, Middle East, and Africa (“AMEA”)
0 Europe
0 North America
On October 1, 2016, we integrated our Eastern Europe, Middle East, and Africa (“EEMEA”) operating segment into our Europe and Asia Paciﬁc
operating segments to further leverage and optimize the operating scale built within the Europe and Asia Paciﬁc regions. Russia, Ukraine, Turkey,
Belarus, Georgia and Kazakhstan were combined within our Europe region, while the remaining Middle East and African countries were combined
within our Asia Paciﬁc region to form the AMEA operating segment. We have reflected the segment change as if it had occurred in all periods
presented.
2