“ Three-Year Loans ” means loans borrowed hereunder maturing on the Three-Year Maturity Date.
“ Three-jiearIMaturityLDate,” means the date that is the third anniversary of the Three-Year Funding Date.
“ Three-Year Note ” a promissory note of the Borrower payable to any Lender (or its registered assigns), delivered pursuant to a request made under
Section 2.17 in substantially the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto, evidencing the aggregate indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Three-Year
Loans made by such Lender to the Borrower.
“ Total Shareholders’ quty: means total shareholders’ equity, as reﬂected on the consolidated balance sheet of Mondeléz and its Subsidiaries
(excluding (a) accumulated other comprehensive income or losses, (b) the cumulative effects of any changes in accounting principles, including in connection with
any adoption of “mark-to-market” accounting in respect of pension and other retirement plans of Mondeléz and its Subsidiaries, and (c) if
“mark-to-market” accounting in respect of such pension and other retirement plans is so adopted, any income or losses recognized in connection with the ongoing
application thereof).
“ Egg” with respect to any Loan, refers to whether such Loan is a Base Rate Loan or a LIBO Rate Loan.
“ MAT” means (a) any tax imposed in compliance with the Council Directive of November 28, 2006 on the common system of value added tax (EC
Directive 2006/ 1 12) and (b) any other tax of similar nature, whether imposed in a member state of the European Union in substitution for, or levied in addition to,
such tax referred to in clause (a) above, or imposed elsewhere.
“ Write:Down,and,C,onversionllowers,” means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA
Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are
described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.
SECTION 1.02 ComputationiofiTimeiBeriods,. In this Agreement in the computation of periods of time from a speciﬁed date to a later specified
date, the word “from” means “from and including” and the words “to” and “until” each mean “to but excluding.”
SECTION 1.03 Accountinglerms. All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (subject to the exceptions set forth in this Section 1.03, “ GAAP ”), except that if there has been a material
change in an accounting principle affecting the definition of an accounting term as compared to that applied in the preparation of the ﬁnancial statements of
Mondeléz as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015, then such new accounting principle shall not be used in the determination of the amount associated with
that accounting term. A material change in an accounting principle is one that, in the year of its adoption, changes the amount associated with the relevant
accounting term for any quarter in such year by more than 10%.
-14-