Iable,of,Contents
M ondeléz International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Description of Business:
Mondelez International, Inc. was incorporated in 2000 in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Mondelez International, Inc., through its subsidiaries
(collectively “Mondeléz International,” “we,” “us” and “our”), sells food and beverage products to consumers in approximately 165 countries.
Principles of Consolidation:
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements include Mondeléz International, Inc. as well as our wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries. For all
periods presented through December 31, 2015, the operating results of our Venezuelan subsidiaries are included in our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements. As of the close of the fourth quarter of 2015, we deconsolidated our Venezuelan operations from our consolidated financial statements
and recognized a loss on deconsolidation. See Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting: Venezuela below for more information.
We account for investments in which we exercise signiﬁcant inﬂuence (20%-50% ownership interest) under the equity method of accounting. On
July 2, 2015, we contributed our global coffee businesses to a new company, Jacobs Douwe Egberts (“JDE”), in which we now hold an equity
interest (collectively, the “JDE coffee business transactions”). Historically, our coffee businesses and the income from equity method investments
were recorded within our operating income as these businesses were part of our base business. While we retain an ongoing interest in coffee
through equity method investments including JDE, Keurig Green Mountain Inc. (“Keurig”) and Dongsuh Foods Corporation (“DSF”), and we have
signiﬁcant inﬂuence with our equity method investments, we do not control these operations directly. As such, in the third quarter of 2015, we began
to recognize equity method investment earnings, consisting primarily of investments in coffee businesses, outside of operating income and segment
income. For periods prior to the third quarter of 2015, our historical coffee business and equity method investment earnings were included within our
operating income and segment income. For the six months ended December 31, 2015, after-tax equity method investment net earnings were less
than $1 million on a combined basis and thus are not shown on our consolidated statement of earnings for this period. Please see Note 2,
Divestitures and Acquisitions — JDE Coffee Business Transactions and Keurig Transaction , and Note 16, Segment Reporting , for more information
on these transactions.
We use the cost method of accounting for investments in which we have an ownership interest of less than 20% and in which we do not exercise
signiﬁcant inﬂuence. The noncontrolling interest represents the noncontrolling investors’ interests in the results of subsidiaries that we control and
consolidate. All intercompany transactions are eliminated.
Use of Estimates:
We prepare our consolidated ﬁnancial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S.
GAAP”), which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect a number of amounts in our consolidated ﬁnancial statements. Signiﬁcant
accounting policy elections, estimates and assumptions include, among others, pension and beneﬁt plan assumptions, valuation assumptions of
goodwill and intangible assets, useful lives of long-lived assets, restructuring program liabilities, marketing program accruals, insurance and self-
insurance reserves and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable. If
actual amounts differ from estimates, we include the revisions in our consolidated results of operations in the period the actual amounts become
known. Historically, the aggregate differences, if any, between our estimates and actual amounts in any year have not had a material effect on our
consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
Segment Change:
On October 1, 2016, we integrated our Eastern Europe, Middle East, and Africa (“EEMEA”) operating segment into our Europe and Asia Paciﬁc
operating segments to further leverage and optimize the operating scale built within the Europe and Asia Paciﬁc regions. Russia, Ukraine, Turkey,
Belarus, Georgia and Kazakhstan were combined within our Europe region, while the remaining Middle East and African countries were combined
within our Asia Paciﬁc region to form a new Asia, Middle East and Africa (“AMEA”) operating segment. We have reﬂected the segment change as if it
had occurred in all periods presented.
66