“ FATCA ” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code as enacted as of the date hereof or any amended or successor version that
is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with, and, in each case, regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretations
thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code as of the date hereof (or any amended or successor version
described above), and any intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction implementing the foregoing (or any law, regulation or
other official administrative interpretation implementing such an intergovernmental agreement).
“ FCPA,” means the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977.
“ Federal Bankrupticy Code ” means the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as amended from time to time.
“ Federal Funds Effective Rate ” means, for any day, the weighted average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/ 100 of 1%) of the rates on
overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank
of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/ 100 of 1%) of the
quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it.
“ Fee Letter ” means the administrative agent fee letter, dated as of September 28, 2016, between Mondeléz and the Administrative Agent.
“ Five-jﬁeaLCommitment” means as to any Lender (i) the Dollar amount set forth opposite such Lender’s name on Schedule I hereto under the
heading F ive-Year Commitment, or (ii) if such Lender has entered into an Assignment and Acceptance, the Dollar amount set forth for such Lender as such
Lender’s F ive-Year Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent, pursuant to Section 9.07(d), in each case as such amount may be reduced
pursuant to Section 2.10.
“ Five-Year Funding Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a).
“ Five;¥ea1; Loans,” means loans borrowed hereunder maturing on the F ive-Year Termination Date.
“ Five-LYeariMaturityLDate,” means the date that is the fifth anniversary of the F ive-Year Funding Date.
“ Five-Year Note ” a promissory note of the Borrower payable to any Lender (or its registered assigns), delivered pursuant to a request made under
Section 2.17 in substantially the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto, evidencing the aggregate indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Five-Year
Loans made by such Lender to the Borrower.
“ Foreign Subsidiary: ” means, with respect to any Person, each Subsidiary of such Person that is not organized under the laws of the United States of
America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia.
-8-