Iable,of,Contents
Goodwill and Non-Amon‘izable Intangible Assets:
We test goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis on October 1. We assess goodwill impairment risk
throughout the year by performing a qualitative review of entity-speciﬁc, industry, market and general economic factors affecting our goodwill
reporting units. We review our operating segment and reporting unit structure for goodwill testing annually or as signiﬁcant changes in the
organization occur. Annually, we may perform qualitative testing, or depending on factors such as prior-year test results, current year developments,
current risk evaluations and other practical considerations, we may elect to do quantitative testing instead. In the event that signiﬁcant potential
goodwill impairment risk exists for a specific reporting unit, we apply a two-step quantitative test. The ﬁrst step compares the reporting unit’s
estimated fair value with its carrying value. We estimate a reporting unit’s fair value using a discounted cash flow method which incorporates planned
growth rates, market-based discount rates and estimates of residual value. This year, for our Europe and North America reporting units, we used a
market-based, weighted-average cost of capital of 6.7% to discount the projected cash ﬂows of those operations. For our Latin America and AMEA
reporting units, we used a risk-rated discount rate of 9.7%. Estimating the fair value of individual reporting units requires us to make assumptions and
estimates regarding our future plans, industry and economic conditions, and our actual results and conditions may differ over time. If the carrying
value of a reporting unit’s net assets exceeds its fair value, we would apply a second step to measure the difference between the carrying value and
implied fair value of goodwill. If the carrying value of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, the goodwill is impaired and its carrying value is reduced
to the implied fair value of the goodwill.
Annually we assess non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment by performing a qualitative review and assessing events and circumstances
that could affect the fair value or carrying value of the indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets. If signiﬁcant potential impairment risk exists for a speciﬁc
asset, we quantitatively test it for impairment by comparing its estimated fair value with its carrying value. We determine estimated fair value using
planned growth rates, market-based discount rates and estimates of royalty rates. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value, we
consider the asset impaired and reduce its carrying value to the estimated fair value. We amortize definite-lived intangible assets over their estimated
useful lives and evaluate them for impairment as we do other long-lived assets.
Insurance and Self-Insurance:
We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance for a number of risks, including workers’ compensation, general liability, automobile liability,
product liability and our obligation for employee healthcare beneﬁts. We estimate the liabilities associated with these risks on an undiscounted basis
by evaluating and making judgments about historical claims experience and other actuarial assumptions and the estimated impact on future results.
Revenue Recognition:
We recognize revenues when title and risk of loss pass to customers, which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of goods. Revenues are
recorded net of sales incentives and trade promotions and include all shipping and handling charges billed to customers. Our shipping and handling
costs are classiﬁed as part of cost of sales. Provisions for product returns and other trade allowances are also recorded as reductions to revenues
within the same period that the revenue is recognized.
Marketing and Research and Development:
We promote our products with advertising, marketing, sales incentives and trade promotions. These programs include, but are not limited to,
cooperative advertising, in-store displays, consumer promotions, new product introduction fees, discounts, coupons, rebates and volume-based
incentives. We expense advertising costs either in the period the advertising ﬁrst takes place or as incurred. Sales incentive and trade promotion
activities are recorded as a reduction to revenues based on amounts estimated due to customers and consumers at the end of a period. We base
these estimates principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. For interim reporting purposes, advertising expenses and sales incentives
are charged to operations as a percentage of volume, based on estimated volume and estimated program spending. We do not defer costs on our
year-end consolidated balance sheet and all marketing costs are recorded as an expense in the year incurred. Advertising expense was
$1,396 million in 2016, $1,542 million in 2015 and $1,552 million in 2014. Advertising declined in 2016 due primarily to the deconsolidation of our
historical global coffee business and due to currency changes. We expense product research and development costs as incurred. Research and
development expense was $376 million in 2016, $409 million in 2015 and $455 million in 2014. Our total research and development expense was
lower in 2016 and 2015 primarily due to the deconsolidation of our global coffee business in July 2015, currency and cost optimization initiatives. We
record marketing and research and development expenses within selling, general and administrative expenses.
70