(b) Funding Loans . Each applicable Lender shall, before 11:00 am. (New York City time) on the relevant Funding Date, make available for the
account of its Domestic Lending Ofﬁce to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent Account, in same day funds, such Lender’s ratable portion of such
Borrowing. Promptly after receipt of such funds by the Administrative Agent, and upon fulﬁllment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article III, the
Administrative Agent will make such funds available to the Borrower at the address of the Administrative Agent referred to in Section 9.02.
(c) IrrevocableiNoticei. Each Notice of Borrowing of the Borrower shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower. In the case of any Borrowing
that the related Notice of Borrowing speciﬁes is to be comprised of LIBO Rate Loans, the Borrower shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense
incurred by such Lender as a result of any failure to fulﬁll on or before the date specified in such Notice of Borrowing for such Borrowing the applicable conditions
set forth in Article III, including, without limitation, any loss (excluding loss of anticipated proﬁts), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or
reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund the Loan to be made by such Lender as part of such Borrowing when such Loan, as a
result of such failure, is not made on such date.
((1) Lenderjs,RatableiBortion,. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to 11:00 am. (New York City time)
on the relevant Funding Date that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s ratable portion of such Borrowing, the
Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such portion available to the Administrative Agent on the relevant Funding Date in accordance with
Section 2.02(b) and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower proposing such Borrowing on such date a
corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Lender shall not have so made such ratable portion available to the Administrative Agent, such Lender and the
Borrower severally agree to repay to the Administrative Agent, forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day from
the date such amount is made available to the Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent, at:
(i) in the case of the Borrower, the higher of (A) the interest rate applicable at the time to Loans comprising such Borrowing and (B) the cost of funds
incurred by the Administrative Agent, in respect of such amount, and
(ii) in the case of such Lender, the Federal Funds Effective Rate.
If such Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall constitute such Lender’s Loan as part of such
Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement.
(e) IndependentLenderLleigations,. The failure of any Lender to make the Loan to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any
other Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Loan on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other
Lender to make the Loan to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing.
-16-