9. Continuing Conﬁdentiality Obligation : Abelenda acknowledges that during the course of his employment with MIH, he has had access to, learned
about and was entrusted with certain confidential and secret sales, marketing, strategy, ﬁnancial, product, personnel, manufacturing, labor relations, technical and
other proprietary information and material (“Conﬁdential Information”) which are the property of MIH. Abelenda understands that the above list is not exhaustive,
and that Conﬁdential Information also includes other information that is marked or otherwise identiﬁed as confidential or proprietary, or that would otherwise
appear to a reasonable person to be conﬁdential or proprietary in the context and circumstances in which the information is known or used. Abelenda further
understands and acknowledges that this Confidential Information and MIH’s ability to reserve it for the exclusive knowledge and use of MIH is of great competitive
importance and commercial value to MIH, and that improper use or disclosure of the Conﬁdential Information by Abelenda might cause MIH to incur ﬁnancial
costs, loss of business advantage, liability under conﬁdentiality agreements with third parties, civil damages and criminal penalties. Abelenda agrees that, from the
date he is presented with this Agreement and following the Terminate Date, he will not communicate or disclose to any third party, or use for his own account,
without the written consent of MIH, any of the aforementioned information or material.
If MIH becomes aware of a situation where it appears that its trade secrets are being used and/or disclosed by Abelenda, it will enforce its rights to the fullest
degree allowed by law, including Federal or State trade secret law. An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret
law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in conﬁdence to a Federal, State, or local government official or to an attorney solely for the purpose of
reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the
disclosure of a trade secret that is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such ﬁling is made under seal. An individual who
ﬁles a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the
trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual ﬁles any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret,
except pursuant to court order.
10. ReturnIofICompﬂlyJZmpetty; Abelenda agrees to return all Company property in his possession, including documents, manuals, identiﬁcation cards
or badges, laptops, computers, telephones, mobile phones, hand-held electronic devices, credit cards, electronically stored documents or files, physical ﬁles,
handbooks, notes, keys and any other articles he has used in the course of his employment and any other Company property in his possession, no later than the Last
Day Worked.
ABELENDA RETIREMENT AGREEMENT
Page 6 of 9