Iable,of,Contents
Keurig Transaction:
On March 3, 2016, a subsidiary of AHBV completed a $13.9 billion acquisition of all of the outstanding common stock of Keurig through a merger
transaction. On March 7, 2016, we exchanged with a subsidiary of AHBV a portion of our equity interest in JDE with a carrying value of 6 1.7 billion
(approximately $2.0 billion as of March 7, 2016) for an interest in Keurig with a fair value of $2.0 billion based on the merger consideration per share
for Keurig. We recorded the difference between the fair value of Keurig and our basis in JDE shares as a $43 million gain on the equity method
investment exchange. Following the exchange, our ownership interest in JDE became 26.5% and we owned a 24.2% interest in Keurig. Both AHBV
and we hold our investments in Keurig through a combination of equity and shareholder loan interests, with the same pro-rata ownership of each.
Our initial $2.0 billion investment in Keurig includes a $1.6 billion Keurig equity interest and a $0.4 billion shareholder loan receivable, which are
reported on a combined basis within equity method investments on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2016. The shareholder loan
has a 5.5% interest rate and is payable at the end of a seven-year term on February 27, 2023. Within equity earnings, we recorded equity earnings of
$77 million and interest income from the shareholder loan of $20 million in 2016. Additionally, we received $14 million of interest payments on the
shareholder loan and $4 million in dividends on our investment in Keurig in 2016. See Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions, for additional details on
the Keurig transaction.
Coffee Business Equity Earnings:
We have reﬂected the results of our historical coffee businesses and equity earnings from JDE, Keurig and Dongsuh Foods Corporation (“DSF”) in
our results from continuing operations as the coffee category continues to be a signiﬁcant part of our net earnings and business strategy going
forward. Historically, our coffee businesses and the income from equity method investments were recorded within our operating income as these
businesses were part of our base business. While we retain an ongoing interest in coffee through equity method investments including JDE, Keurig
and DSF, and we have signiﬁcant inﬂuence with our equity method investments, we do not control these operations directly. As such, in the third
quarter of 2015, we began to recognize equity method investment earnings, consisting primarily of investments in coffee businesses, outside of
operating income. For periods prior to the third quarter of 2015, our historical coffee business and equity method investment earnings were included
within our operating income. See Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions, for more information.
Venezuela Deconsolidation
Effective as of the close of the 2015 ﬁscal year, we concluded that we no longer met the accounting criteria for consolidation of our Venezuelan
subsidiaries due to a loss of control over our Venezuelan operations and an other-than-temporary lack of currency exchangeability. At that time, we
deconsolidated and changed to the cost method of accounting for our Venezuelan operations. We recorded a $778 million pre-tax loss on
December 31, 2015 as we reduced the value of our cost method investment in Venezuela and all Venezuelan receivables held by our other
subsidiaries to realizable fair value, resulting in full impairment. The recorded loss also included historical cumulative translation adjustments related
to our Venezuelan operations that had previously been recorded in accumulated other comprehensive losses within equity.
As of the start of 2016, we no longer include net revenues, earnings or net assets of our Venezuelan subsidiaries within our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements in our reported GAAP results (we exclude Venezuela in our non-GAAP results for all historical periods presented). Under the cost method
of accounting, earnings are only recognized to the extent cash is received and we have not received any distributed cash from our Venezuela
operations in 2016. Given the current and ongoing difﬁcult economic, regulatory and business environment in Venezuela, there continues to be
signiﬁcant uncertainty related to our operations in Venezuela, and we expect these conditions will continue for the foreseeable future. We monitor the
extent of our ability to control our Venezuelan operations and the liquidity and availability of cash and US dollars needed to operate in Venezuela,
as our current situation in Venezuela may change over time and lead to consolidation at a future date. See Discussion and Analysis of Historical
Results — Items Affecting Comparability of Financial Results below, and Note 1, Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies — Currency Translation
and Highly Inflationary Accounting: Venezuela , for more information on our historical Venezuelan operating results, including the remeasurement
losses and loss on deconsolidation.
Summary of Results
° Net revenues decreased 12.5% to $25.9 billion in 2016 and decreased 13.5% to $29.6 billion in 2015. Net revenues in 2016 were
signiﬁcantly affected by the deconsolidation of our historical coffee business, unfavorable currency translation as the US dollar
strengthened against most currencies in which we operate compared to exchange rates in the prior year, the deconsolidation of our
historical Venezuelan operations and the year-over-year impact of the accounting calendar change in 2015.
23