“ Sanctions ” means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the US.
government, including those administered by the Ofﬁce of Foreign Assets Control of the US. Department of the Treasury or the US. Department of State, or
(b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or Her Maj esty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom.
“ Sanctioned Person ” shall mean, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of
Foreign Assets Control of the US. Department of the Treasury, the US. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or
any European Union member state or (b) any Person controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clause (a).
“ Screen Rate ” means the London interbank offered rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the
administration of such rate for Dollars for a period equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on page LIBOROl of the Reuters screen that displays such
rate) or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the
apprOpriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.
“ .SingleEmplioyeriPlan,” means a single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained for employees of any
Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate and no Person other than such Obligor and the ERISA Affiliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which such Obligor or
any ERISA Affiliate could have liability under Section 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated.
“ Standardi&,Po,orjs,” means Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC business, and any successor thereto.
“ Subsidiary: ” of any Person means any Person of which (or in which) more than 50% of the outstanding capital stock having voting power to elect a
majority of the Board of Directors of such Person (irrespective of whether at the time capital stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall or might
have voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person, by such Person and one or more
of its other Subsidiaries or by one or more of such Person’s other Subsidiaries.
“ Taxes,” has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a).
“ Three-LYeariCommitment,” means as to any Lender (i) the Dollar amount set forth opposite such Lender’s name on Schedule I hereto under the
heading Three-Year Commitment, or (ii) if such Lender has entered into an Assignment and Acceptance, the Dollar amount set forth for such Lender as such
Lender’s Three-Year Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent, pursuant to Section 9.07(d), in each case as such amount may be
reduced pursuant to Section 2.10.
“ Thre,e;¥eanFundingDate,” has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a).
-13-