4. Complete Release and Waiver of Claims :
a) Abelenda is aware of his legal rights concerning his employment with MIH. In exchange for the promises of MIH above, Abelenda agrees
to irrevocably and unconditionally release ( z'. e. give up ) any and all claims he may now have against MIH and agrees not to sue MIH and any currently or
previously-afﬁliated companies, parent companies, successors or predecessors, and their officers, directors, agents and employees, arising out of the employment
relationship between Abelenda and MIH (the “Release”). This Release includes, but is not limited to, all claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Acts of 1964 and
1991, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Florida Civil Rights Act (Fla. Stat. §§ 76001-76011), Florida Whistleblower
Protection Act (Fla. Stat. §§ 448.101-448.105), Florida Workers Compensation Retaliation provision (Fla. Stat. §§ 440.205), Florida Minimum Wage Act (Fla. Stat.
§§ 448.110), Florida Constitution, Florida Fair Housing Act (Fla. Stat. §§ 76020-76037), Miami-Dade County Code, Chapter 11A, Broward County Human Rights
Act, Palm Beach County Code, Article VI , and any other federal, state or local law dealing with employment discrimination, as well as any claims for breach of
contract, wrongful discharge, and tort claims; claims for wages, benefits or severance pay; claims for attorneys’ fees; and any other claim or action whatsoever. This
general release and waiver does not contain a waiver of rights or claims that may arise after the date the Agreement is executed by Abelenda and also excludes any
claims which cannot be waived by law. Nor shall this Agreement preclude Abelenda from bringing a charge or suit to challenge the validity or enforceability of this
Agreement under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (29 U.S.C. § 620 et seq.) as amended by the Older Worker’s Benefit Protection Act.
b) Speciﬁc Release of ADEA Claims : In further consideration of the payments and benefits provided to the Employee in this Agreement,
Abelenda hereby irrevocably and unconditionally fully and forever waives, releases and discharges MIH from any and all Claims, whether known or unknown,
from the beginning of time to the date of Abelenda’s execution of this Agreement, arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA), as amended,
and its implementing regulations.
5. liightitokanticipatejnAgencyImceedingg Nothing in this Agreement is intended to limit or impair in any way Abelenda’s right to file a charge
with the US. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) or comparable state and local fair employment practices agencies (F EPAs), or Abelenda’s right
to participate in any such charge filed with such agencies and to recover any appropriate relief in any such action.
6. Restrictive Covenants:
(a) N on-Competition: Abelenda understands and agrees that the nature of his position with MIH gave him access to and knowledge of highly
confidential information and placed him in a position of trust and confidence with MIH. Because of MIH’s legitimate business interests and in consideration for
MIH’s payment to Abelenda of the separation pay provided in Section 3 above, Abelenda agrees that he will not engage in Prohibited Conduct for the twelve (12)-
month period following the Termination Date, or through December 30, 2017 (“Restricted Period”).
ABELENDA RETIREMENT AGREEMENT
Page 3 of 9