Iable,of,Contents
Net revenue decline of 12.5% was driven by the impact of the deconsolidation of our historical coffee business, unfavorable currency, the
deconsolidation of our historical Venezuelan operations and the year-over-year impact of the 2015 accounting calendar change, partially offset by
our underlying Organic Net Revenue growth of 1.3% and the impact of acquisitions. The adjustment for deconsolidating our historical coffee business
resulted in a year-over-year decrease in net revenues of $1 ,627 million for 2016. Unfavorable currency impacts decreased net revenues by $1,244
million, due primarily to the strength of the US. dollar relative to several currencies, including the Argentinean peso, British pound sterling, Mexican
peso, Brazilian real, Chinese yuan and Russian ruble. The deconsolidation of our historical Venezuelan operations resulted in a year-over-year
decrease in net revenues of $1 ,217 million for 2016. The North America segment accounting calendar change in 2015 resulted in a year-over-year
decrease in net revenues of $76 million for 2016. Our underlying Organic Net Revenue growth was driven by higher net pricing, partially offset by
unfavorable volume / mix. Net pricing was up, which includes the beneﬁt of carryover pricing from 2015 as well as the effects of input cost-driven
pricing actions taken during 2016. Higher net pricing was reflected in Latin America and AMEA, partially offset by lower net pricing in Europe and
North America. Unfavorable volume / mix was reﬂected in Latin America and AMEA, mostly offset by favorable volume / mix in Europe and North
America. Unfavorable volume / mix in Latin America and AMEA was largely due to price elasticity as well as strategic decisions to exit certain low-
margin product lines. The impact of acquisitions primarily includes the July 15, 2015 acquisition of a biscuit operation in Vietnam, which added $71
million of incremental net revenues for 2016, and the November 2, 2016 purchase of a license to manufacture, market and sell Cadbury-branded
biscuits in additional key markets, which added $16 million of incremental net revenues for 2016.
28