“ Person ” means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint
venture, limited liability company or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof.
“ Plan ” means a Single Employer Plan or a Multiple Employer Plan.
“ ProcessAgent,” has the meaning specified in Section 9.11(a).
“ Pro Rata Advance ” means an advance by a Lender to any Borrower as part of a Pro Rata Borrowing and refers to a Base Rate Advance or a LIBO
Rate Advance (each of which shall be a “Type” of Pro Rata Advance).
“ Pro Rata Borrowing: means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Pro Rata Advances of the same Type made by each of the Lenders pursuant to
Section 2.01.
“ Pro,Rata,N,ote,” means a promissory note of any Borrower payable to any Lender (or its registered assigns), delivered pursuant to a request made
under Section 2.17 in substantially the form of Exhibit A-l hereto, evidencing the aggregate indebtedness of such Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Pro
Rata Advances made by such Lender to such Borrower.
“ Register ” has the meaning specified in Section 9.07(d).
“ IggulationA,” means Regulation A of the Board, as in effect from time to time.
“ Regulation U ” means Regulation U of the Board, as in effect from time to time.
“ RequiredLenders,” means at any time Lenders having Pro Rata Advances representing more than 50% of the aggregate outstanding Pro Rata
Advances at such time, or, if no Pro Rata Advances are then outstanding, Lenders having Commitments representing more than 50% of the aggregate Commitments
at such time.
“ Sanctions,” means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the US.
government, including those administered by the Ofﬁce of Foreign Assets Control of the US. Department of the Treasury or the US. Department of State, or
(b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or Her Majesty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom.
“ SanctionedPerson,” shall mean, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of
Foreign Assets Control of the US. Department of the Treasury or the US. Department of State or (b) any Person controlled by any such Person or Persons
described in the foregoing clause (a).
“ Screen Rate ” means the London interbank offered rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the
administration of such rate for Dollars for a period equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on page LIBOROl of the Reuters screen that displays such
rate) or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the
appr0priate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.
-13-