SECTION 1304. Quorum; Action.
The Persons entitled to vote a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of a series shall constitute a quorum for a meeting of Holders of
Securities of such series. In the absence of a quorum within 30 minutes of the time appointed for any such meeting, the meeting shall, if convened at the request of
Holders of Securities of such series, be dissolved. In any other case the meeting may be adjourned for a period of not less than 10 days as determined by the
chairman of the meeting prior to the adjournment of such meeting. In the absence of a quorum at any such adjourned meeting, such adjourned meeting may be
further adjourned for a period of not less than 10 days as determined by the chairman of the meeting prior to the adjournment of such adjourned meeting. Subject to
Section 1305(d), notice of the reconvening of any adjourned meeting shall be given as provided in Section 1302(a), except that such notice need be given only once
not less than five days prior to the date on which the meeting is scheduled to be reconvened. Notice of the reconvening of an adjourned meeting shall state expressly
that Persons entitled to vote a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series shall constitute a quorum.
Except as limited by the proviso to Section 902, any resolution presented to a meeting or adjourned meeting duly reconvened at which a quorum is present as
aforesaid may be adopted by the afﬁrmative vote of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of that series; provided, however,
that except as limited by the proviso to Section 902, any resolution with respect to any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other
action which this Indenture expressly provides may be made, given or taken by the Holders of a speciﬁed percentage which is less than a majority in principal
amount of the Outstanding Securities of a series may be adopted at a meeting or an adjourned meeting duly reconvened and at which a quorum is present as
aforesaid by the afﬁrmative vote of the Holders of such speciﬁed percentage in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of that series. Any resolution passed
or decision taken at any meeting of Holders of Securities of any series duly held in accordance with this Section shall be binding on all the Holders of Securities of
such series and the related coupons, whether or not present or represented at the meeting.
SECTION 1305. Determination of Voting Rights; Conduct and Adjournment of Meetings.
(a) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture, the Trustee for any series of Securities may make such reasonable regulations as it may deem
advisable for any meeting of Holders of Securities of such series in regard to proof of the holding of Securities of such series and of the appointment of proxies and
in regard to the appointment and duties of inspectors of votes, the submission and examination of proxies, certificates and other evidence of the right to vote, and
such other matters concerning the conduct of the meeting as it shall deem appr0priate.
(b) The Trustee for any series of Securities shall, by an instrument in writing, appoint a temporary chairman of the meeting, unless the meeting shall have
been called by the Company or by Holders of Securities as provided in Section 1302(b), in which case the Company or the Holders of Securities of the series calling
the meeting, as the case may be, shall in like manner appoint a temporary chairman. A permanent chairman and a permanent secretary of the meeting shall be
elected by vote of the Persons entitled to vote a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series represented at the meeting.
(0) At any meeting each Holder of a Security of such series or proxy shall be entitled to one vote for each $1,000 principal amount of Securities of such series
held or represented by him as determined in accordance with Section 115; provided, however, that no vote shall be cast or counted at any meeting in respect of any
Security challenged as not Outstanding and ruled by the chairman of the meeting to be not Outstanding. The chairman of the meeting shall have no right to vote,
except as a Holder of a Security of such series or proxy.
(d) Any meeting of Holders of Securities of any series duly called pursuant to Section 1302 at which a quorum is present may be adjourned from time to time
by Persons entitled to vote a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series represented at the meeting; and the meeting may be held as so
adjourned without further notice.
SECTION 1306. Counting Votes and Recording Action of Meetings.
The vote upon any resolution submitted to any meeting of Holders of Securities of any series shall be by written ballots on which shall be subscribed the
signatures of the Holders of Securities of such series or of their representatives by proxy and the principal amounts and serial numbers of the Outstanding Securities
of such series held or represented by them. The permanent chairman of the meeting shall appoint two inspectors of votes who shall count all votes cast at the
meeting for or against any resolution and who shall make and ﬁle with the secretary of the meeting their verified written reports in triplicate of all votes cast at the
meeting. A record, at least in duplicate, of the proceedings of each meeting of Holders of Securities of any series shall be prepared by the secretary of the meeting
and there shall be attached to said record the original reports of the inspectors of votes on any vote by ballot taken thereat and afﬁdavits by one or more persons
having knowledge of the facts setting forth a copy of the notice of the meeting and showing that said notice was given as provided in Section 1302 and, if
applicable, Section 1304. Each copy shall be signed and verified by the afﬁdavits of the permanent chairman and secretary of the meeting and one such copy shall
be delivered to the Company, and another to the Trustee for such series of Securities to be preserved by such Trustee, the latter to have attached thereto the ballots
voted at the meeting. Any record so signed and veriﬁed shall be conclusive evidence of the matters therein stated.
49