Iable,of,Contents
While we do not anticipate further changes in the 2017 assumptions for our U.S. and non-U.S. pension and postretirement health care plans, as a
sensitivity measure, a ﬁfty-basis point change in our discount rates or the expected rate of return on plan assets would have the following effects,
increase / (decrease), on our annual beneﬁt plan costs:
As of December 31, 2016
U.S. Plans Non-U.S. Plans
Fifty-Basis-Point Fifty-Basis-Point
Increase Decrease Increase Deicreasiei
z- (i_n_mi.|_|_i_qn_s)
Effect of change in discount rate on pension costs $ (1_4) $ 16 $ (6_3) $ 67 I
Effect of change in expected rate of return on plan
g assets on pension costs (7) 7 (3_9) 39
Effect of change in discount rate on postretirement I
l health care costs (4) 4 (1) 1
Income Taxes:
As a global company, we calculate and provide for income taxes in each tax jurisdiction in which we operate. The provision for income taxes includes
the amounts payable or refundable for the current year, the effect of deferred taxes and impacts from uncertain tax positions. Our provision for
income taxes is signiﬁcantly affected by shifts in the geographic mix of our pre-tax earnings across tax jurisdictions, changes in tax laws and
regulations, tax planning opportunities available in each taxjurisdiction and the ultimate outcome of various tax audits.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the ﬁnancial statement
and tax bases of our assets and liabilities and for operating losses and tax credit carryfonNards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates that will apply to taxable income in the years in which those differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Valuation
allowances are established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax beneﬁt will not be realized.
We believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax laws and that we have properly accounted for uncertain tax positions. We recognize tax
beneﬁts in our ﬁnancial statements from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination
by tax authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The amount we recognize is measured as the largest beneﬁt that has a greater than
50 percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement. We evaluate uncertain tax positions on an ongoing basis and adjust the amount recognized
in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit or expiration of a statute of limitations. We believe the estimates and
assumptions used to support our evaluation of uncertain tax positions are reasonable. However, ﬁnal determination of historical tax liabilities, either
by settlement with tax authorities or due to expiration of statutes of limitations, could be materially different from estimates reﬂected on our
consolidated balance sheet and historical income tax provisions. The outcome of these ﬁnal determinations could have a material effect on our
provision for income taxes, net earnings or cash ﬂows in the period in which the determination is made.
No taxes have been provided on undistributed foreign earnings that are planned to be indefinitely reinvested. If future events, such as material
changes in long-term investment requirements, necessitate that these earnings be distributed, an additional provision for taxes may apply, which
could materially affect our provision for income taxes, net earnings or cash ﬂows.
See Note 14, Income Taxes , for additional information on our effective tax rate, current and deferred taxes, valuation allowances and unrecognized
tax beneﬁts.
Contingencies:
See Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies, to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
New Accounting Guidance:
See Note 1, Summary of SigniﬁcantAccounting Policies , to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for a discussion of new accounting standards.
45