(b) Effectiveness of Notices . All such notices and communications shall, when mailed, telecopied or emailed, be effective when deposited in the
mail, telecopied or emailed, respectively, except that notices and communications to the Administrative Agent, pursuant to Article II, III or VII shall not be
effective until received by the Administrative Agent, or if the date of receipt is not a Business Day, as of 9:00 am. (New York City time) on the next succeeding
Business Day. Delivery by telecopier or email of an executed counterpart of any amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or of any Exhibit hereto
to be executed and delivered hereunder shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof.
SECTION 9.03 HoiWaiver;Remedies. No failure on the part of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any
right hereunder or under any Note shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.
SECTION 9.04 C,osts,and,Exp,enses,.
(a) AdministrativeiAgent;,Enforcement,. Mondeléz agrees to pay on demand all reasonable costs and expenses in connection with the preparation,
execution, delivery, administration (excluding any cost or expenses for administration related to the overhead of the Administrative Agent), modification and
amendment of this Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of
counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Joint Bookrunners with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Administrative Agent as to its rights and
responsibilities under this Agreement (which, insofar as such costs and expenses relate to the preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the closing
hereunder, shall be limited to the reasonable fees and expenses of Cahill, Gordon & Reindel LLP), and all costs and expenses of the Lenders and the Administrative
Agent, if any (including, without limitation, reasonable counsel fees and expenses of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent), in connection with the
enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Agreement and the other documents to be delivered hereunder.
(b) Prepayment of LIBO Rate Advances or Floating Rate Bid Advances . If any payment of principal of LIBO Rate Advance or Floating Rate Bid
Advance is made other than on the last day of the Interest Period for such Advance or at its maturity, as a result of a payment pursuant to Section 2.11, acceleration
of the maturity of the Advances pursuant to Section 6.02, an assignment made as a result of a demand by Mondeléz pursuant to Section 9.07(a) or for any other
reason, Mondeléz shall, upon demand by any Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of
such Lender any amounts required to compensate such Lender for any additional losses, costs or expenses which it may reasonably incur as a result of such
payment, including, without limitation, any loss (excluding loss of anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of
deposits or other funds acquired by any Lender to fund or maintain such Advance. Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of any Borrower or
Mondeléz hereunder, the agreements and obligations of each Borrower and Mondeléz contained in Section 202(0), 2.05, 2.12, 2.15, this Section 9.04(b) and
Section 9.04(c) shall survive the payment in full of principal and interest hereunder.
-53-