SECTION 9.08 [Reserved]
SECTION 9.09 GoverningLaw. This Agreement and the Notes shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the substantive laws of the
State of New York without regard to choice of law doctrines. If any Obligor incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands is represented by any attorney in
connection with the signing and/or execution of this Agreement (including by way of accession to this Agreement) or any other agreement, deed or document
referred to in or made pursuant to this Agreement, it is hereby expressly acknowledged and accepted by the other parties to this Agreement that the existence and
extent of the attorney’s authority and the effects of the attorney’s exercise or purported exercise of his or her authority shall be governed by the laws of the
Netherlands.
SECTION 9.10 Executionjn,C,o,unterparts,. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in
separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by telecopier or email shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart of this Agreement.
SECTION 9.11 lurisdictionLEtc.
(a) SubmissionjoJurisdiction;,ServiceiofProcessn Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its
property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court thereof, in any action or
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally agrees that all claims in reSpect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in any such court. Each of Mondeléz and the
Borrower hereby agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding brought in any such court may be made upon the process agent appointed pursuant
to Section 9.11(b) (the “ Process Agent”). Each of Mondeléz and the Borrower hereby further irrevocably consents to the service of process in any such action or
proceeding in any such court by the mailing thereof by any parties hereto by registered or certiﬁed mail, postage prepaid, to Mondeléz or the Borrower, as
applicable, at its address specified pursuant to Section 9.02. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be
conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any
right that any party may otherwise have to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by law.
(b) AppointmentofBrocesSAgent,. Each of Mondeléz and the Borrower agrees to appoint a Process Agent from the Effective Date through the
repayment in full of all Obligations hereunder (i) to receive on behalf of Mondeléz and the Borrower and their respective property service of copies of the summons
and complaint and any other process which may be served in any action or proceeding in any New York State or Federal court sitting in New York City arising out
of or relating to this Agreement and (ii) to forward forthwith to Mondeléz and the Borrower at their respective addresses copies of any summons, complaint and
other process which such Process Agent receives in connection with its appointment. Each of Mondeléz and the Borrower will give the Administrative Agent
prompt notice of such Process Agent’s address.
-52-