SECTION 2.06 Conversion of Loans .
(a) Conversion upon Absence of Interest Period . If the Borrower shall fail to select the duration of any Interest Period for any LIBO Rate Loans in
accordance with the provisions contained in the deﬁnition of the term “Interest Period,” the Administrative Agent will forthwith so notify the Borrower and the
Lenders and such Loans will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into Base Rate Loans.
(b) Conversion upon Event of Default . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default under Section 6.01(a), the
Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may elect that (i) each LIBO Rate Loan be, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Converted
into Base Rate Loans and (ii) the obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Loans into LIBO Rate Loans be suspended.
(c) Voluntary Conversion . Subject to the provisions of Sections 2.06(b), 2.08(c) and 2.13, the Borrower may Convert all of its Loans of one Type
constituting the same Borrowing into Loans of the other Type on any Business Day, upon notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 am. (New
York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Conversion; provided, howeven, that the Conversion of a LIBO Rate Loan into a Base
Rate Loan may be made on, and only on, the last day of an Interest Period for such LIBO Rate Loan. Each such notice of a Conversion shall, within the restrictions
specified above, specify
(i) the date of such Conversion;
(ii) the Loans to be Converted; and
(iii) if such Conversion is into LIBO Rate Loans, the duration of the Interest Period for each such Loan.
SECTION 2.07 [Reserved]
SECTION 2.08 LIBO Rate Determination .
(a) MethodsitoiDetermineiLIBpiRate,. The Administrative Agent shall determine the LIBO Rate by using the methods described in the deﬁnition of
the term “LIBO Rate,” and shall give prompt notice to the Borrower and Lenders of each such LIBO Rate.
(b) Inabilityitolletermine,LIBQLRate,. In the event that the LIBO Rate cannot be determined by the methods described in clause (a), (b), (c) or (d) of
the definition of “LIBO Rate,” then:
(i) the Administrative Agent shall forthwith notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the interest rate cannot be determined for such LIBO Rate
Loan;
-18-