“ Federal Funds Effective Rate ” means, for any day, the weighted average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the rates on
overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank
of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/ 100 of 1%) of the
quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it.
“ Eee,L,e,tter,” means the administrative agent fee letter, dated as of September 28, 2016, between Mondeléz and the Administrative Agent.
“ Fixed Rate Bid Advance ” means a Competitive Bid Advance bearing interest based on a fixed rate per annum as specified in the relevant Notice of
Competitive Bid Borrowing.
“ Floating Rate Bid Advance ” means a Competitive Bid Advance bearing interest at a rate of interest quoted as a margin over the LIBO Rate as
specified in the relevant Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing.
“ ForeignSubsidiary: means, with respect to any Person, each Subsidiary of such Person that is not organized under the laws of the United States of
America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia.
“ ,GAAB” has the meaning specified in Section 1.03.
“ Governmental Authority: ” means any nation or government and any state or other political subdivision thereof, and any agency, authority,
instrumentality, regulatory body, court, administrative tribunal, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or
administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national body exercising such powers or functions, such as the European
Union or the European Central Bank).
“ Guaranty: ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.01.
“ Historical Screen Rate ” means, in relation to any LIBO Rate Advance or Floating Rate Bid Advance, the most recent applicable Screen Rate for
Dollars for a period equal in length to the Interest Period of that Advance and which is as of a day which is no more than two (2) Business Days before the start of
the applicable Interest Period.
“ Home Jurisdiction Non-US. Withholding Taxes ” means in the case of a Designated Subsidiary that is not a “United States person” within the
meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code, withholding taxes imposed by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such Designated Subsidiary is
organized, resident or doing business or any political subdivision thereof.
“ Homelurisodi.ction,U.S,.iWithholdingIaxes,” means, in the case of Mondeléz and a Designated Subsidiary that is a “United States person” within the
meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code, withholding for United States federal income taxes and United States federal back-up withholding
taxes.
-9-