11. Arbitration of Claims : In the event either Abelenda or MIH contests the interpretation or application of any of the terms of this Agreement, the
complaining party shall notify the other in writing of the provision that is being contested. If the Parties cannot satisfactorily resolve the dispute within thirty
(30) days, the matter will be submitted to arbitration with JAMS (fk.a. Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc.). The arbitration will be conducted, and an
arbitrator will be chosen, pursuant to the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures. The arbitrator’s fees and expenses and ﬁling fees shall be borne by
the losing (non-prevailing) Party. The hearing shall be held at a mutually agreeable location and the arbitrator shall issue a written award which shall be ﬁnal and
binding upon the Parties. Abelenda agrees to waive the right to a jury trial. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 11 or Section 6(c) to the contrary,
MIH shall each have the right to institute judicial proceedings against Abelenda or anyone acting by, through or under Abelenda, in order to enforce its rights under
Sections 6, 7, 8 or 9 through specific performance, injunction, or similar equitable relief. Claims not covered by arbitration are those claims seeking injunctive and
other relief due to unfair competition, due to the use or unauthorized disclosure of trade secrets or conﬁdential information set forth in Sections 7 or 9, or breach of
restrictive covenants set forth in Section 6.
12. Review and Revocation : Abelenda acknowledges that, before signing this Agreement, he was given a period of twenty-one (21) days in which to
consider it. Abelenda further acknowledges that: (a) he took advantage of this period to consider this Agreement before signing it; (b) he has carefully read this
Agreement, and each of its provisions; (0) if he initially did not think any representation he is making in this Agreement was true, or if he initially was
uncomfortable making it, he resolved all of his doubts and concerns before signing this Agreement; ((1) Abelenda fully understands what the Agreement, and each
of its provisions, means; and (e) he is entering into the Agreement, and each of its provisions, knowingly and voluntarily. MIH encourages Abelenda to discuss this
Agreement, and each of its provisions, with an attorney (at his own expense) before signing it. Abelenda acknowledges that he sought such advice to the extent he
deemed apprOpriate. If Abelenda signs this Agreement before the end of the twenty-one (21) day period, it will be his voluntary decision to do so because he has
decided that he does not need any additional time to decide whether to Sign this Agreement. Abelenda also understands that he does not have more than twenty-one
(21) days to sign this Agreement. If Abelenda does not sign this Agreement by the end of the twenty-one (21) day period, he understands that it will become null
and void. Abelenda also acknowledges and understands that MIH would not have given him the special payments or benefits he is getting in exchange for this
Agreement but for his promises and representations he made by signing it. Further, by signing below, Abelenda acknowledges that he may revoke this Agreement at
any time within seven (7) days of the date on which he signed it as described above in Section 3(g).
13. Enti11e7AgreemenLandCSeverabilil : This is the entire agreement between Abelenda and MIH on the subject matter of this Agreement. This
Agreement may not be modified or canceled in any manner except by a writing signed by both Abelenda and an authorized Company ofﬁcial. Abelenda
acknowledges that MIH has made no representations or promises to him, other than those in this Agreement. If any provision in this Agreement is found to be
unenforceable, all other provisions will remain fully enforceable. The covenants set forth in this Agreement shall be considered and construed as separate and
independent covenants. Should any part or provision of any provision of this Agreement be held invalid, void or unenforceable in any court of competent
jurisdiction, such invalidity, voidness or unenforceability shall not render invalid, void or unenforceable any other part or provision of this Agreement. If the release
and waiver of claims provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable, the parties agree to enter into a release and waiver agreement that is enforceable.
ABELENDA RETIREMENT AGREEMENT
Page 7 of 9