“ Netherlands ” means the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
“ Non-LUSLLenderj’ means any Lender that is not a “United States person” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code.
“ Note ” means a F ive-Year Note or a Three-Year Note, as applicable.
“ leigations,” has the meaning specified in Section 8.01.
“ Obligors ” means the Borrower and Mondeléz, collectively.
“ Other Taxes ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(b).
“ ParticipanLRegister,” has the meaning specified in Section 9.07(e).
“ Patriot Act ” has the meaning specified in Section 9.14.
“ Person,” means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint
venture, limited liability company or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof
“ Elan,” means a Single Employer Plan or a Multiple Employer Plan.
“ Process Agent” has the meaning specified in Section 9.11(a).
“ Iggister,” has the meaning specified in Section 9.07(d).
“ Regulation A ” means Regulation A of the Board, as in effect from time to time.
“ Iggulationin’ means Regulation U of the Board, as in effect from time to time.
“ Required Five-Year Loan Lenders ” means at any time Lenders having Five-Year Loans representing more than 50% of the aggregate outstanding
Five-Year Loans at such time, or, if no F ive-Year Loans are then outstanding, Lenders having F ive-Year Commitments representing more than 50% of the
aggregate Five-Year Commitments at such time.
“ RequiredLenders,” means at any time Lenders having Loans and/or Commitments representing more than 50% of the aggregate Loans and
Commitments outstanding at such time.
“ Required Three-Year Loan Lenders ” means at any time Lenders having Three-Year Loans representing more than 50% of the aggregate outstanding
Three-Year Loans at such time, or, if no Loans are then outstanding, Lenders having Three-Year Commitments representing more than 50% of the aggregate Three-
Year Commitments at such time.
-12-