Iable,of,Contents
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
R eport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Mondelez International, Inc.:
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive earnings, equity
and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the ﬁnancial position of Mondeléz International, Inc. and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2016
and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company’s management is responsible for
these ﬁnancial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over ﬁnancial reporting, included in the Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our
responsibility is to express opinions on these ﬁnancial statements and on the Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting based on our
integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ﬁnancial statements are free of
material misstatement and whether effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the
ﬁnancial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the ﬁnancial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and signiﬁcant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall ﬁnancial statement presentation. Our audit of
internal control over ﬁnancial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our
audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinions.
A company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of ﬁnancial
reporting and the preparation of ﬁnancial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s
internal control over ﬁnancial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of ﬁnancial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets
that could have a material effect on the ﬁnancial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ P RICEWATERHOUSE C OOPERS LLP
Chicago, Illinois
February 24, 2017
60