Iable,of,Contents
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements. It should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in Item 8, “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk
Factors” contained in Item 1A.
Description of the Company
We manufacture and market primarily snack food products, including biscuits (cookies, crackers and salted snacks), chocolate, gum & candy and
various cheese & grocery products, as well as powdered beverage products. We have operations in more than 80 countries and sell our products in
approximately 165 countries.
We aim to deliver strong, proﬁtable long-term growth by accelerating our core snacks business and expanding the reach of our Power Brands
globally. Leveraging our Power brands and our innovation platforms, we plan to innovate boldly and connect with our consumers wherever they are,
including new markets around the world, using both traditional and digital channels. As consumer consumption patterns change to more accessible,
frequent and better-for-you snacking, we are enhancing the goodness of many of our brands (including providing simpler and wholesome ingredient-
focused snacks), expanding the well-being offerings in our portfolio and inspiring consumers to snack mindfully by providing clear and simple
nutrition information. As shopping expands further online, we are also working to grow our e-commerce platform and on-line presence with
consumers. To fuel these investments, we have been working to optimize our cost structure. These efforts include reinventing our supply chain,
including adding and upgrading to more efficient production lines, while reducing the complexity of our product offerings, ingredients and number of
suppliers. We also continue to aggressively manage our overhead costs. We have embraced and embedded zero-based budgeting practices across
the organization to identify potential areas of cost reductions and capture and sustain savings within our ongoing operating budgets. Through these
actions, we’re leveraging our brands, platforms and capabilities to drive long-term value and return on investment for our shareholders.
Coffee Business Transactions
JDE Coffee Business Transactions:
On July 2, 2015, we completed transactions to combine our wholly owned coffee businesses with those of DEMB to create a new company, JDE. At
that time, our equity interest in JDE was 43.5% with the remaining 56.5% held by a subsidiary of Acorn Holdings B.V. (“AHBV,” owner of DEMB prior
to July 2, 2015). In connection with these transactions, in 2015, we recorded a ﬁnal pre-tax gain of $6.8 billion ($6.6 billion after-tax) from the
deconsolidation of our legacy coffee businesses. We also recorded approximately $1.0 billion of cumulative pre-tax net gains ($436 million in 2015
and $628 million in 2014) and cash related to currency hedging in connection with the expected cash consideration to be received in euros. We
received 6 3.8 billion of cash ($4.2 billion) as of July 2, 2015 and with the cash from hedging currency, we effectively received $5.2 billion of cash. On
July 5, 2016, we also received from JDE an expected $275 million cash payment to settle a receivable for tax formation costs that were part of the
initial sales price. As part of our ﬁnal sales price negotiations, we also retained the right to collect future cash payments if certain estimated pension
liabilities are realized over an agreed amount in the future. As such, we may recognize additional income related to this negotiated term in the future.
As further described below, following the March 2016 exchange of JDE shares for an investment in Keurig and stock-based compensation activity at
JDE during 2016, as of December 31, 2016, our equity interest in JDE was 26.4%. We recorded equity earnings of $100 million in 2016 and equity
losses of $58 million in 2015 related to our investment in JDE.
On June 30, 2016, we entered into agreements with AHBV and its afﬁliates to establish a new stock-based compensation arrangement tied to the
issuance of JDE equity compensation awards to JDE employees. This arrangement replaced a temporary equity compensation program tied to the
issuance of AHBV equity compensation to JDE employees. New Class C, D and E JDE shares were authorized and issued for investments made by
JDE employees and to issue shares when JDE awards vest. As new shares of JDE are issued, the Class A and B ownership interests of JDE
decrease. Under these arrangements, dilution of the JDE shares is limited to 2%. Based on estimated award achievement, we do not expect our JDE
ownership interest to decrease below 26.27%. Following these stock-based compensation issuances, our ownership interest in JDE was 26.4% as of
December 31 , 2016.
See Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions, for additional details on the J DE coffee business transactions.
22