“Consolidated Net Tangible Assets” means the excess over current liabilities of all assets appearing on the most recent quarterly or annual consolidated
balance sheet of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries less goodwill and other intangible assets and the minority interests of others in Subsidiaries, all as
appearing on such balance sheet.
“Conversion Event” means the unavailability of any Foreign Currency or currency unit due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances
beyond the Company’s control.
“Corporate Trust Office” means the office of the Trustee for Securities of any series at which at any particular time its corporate trust business shall be
principally administered, which office of Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, at the date of the execution of this Indenture, is located at Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas, 60 Wall Street, 16th Floor, MS: NYC60-1630 New York NY 10005, Attention: Corporates Team / Mondeléz International, Inc. (in addition,
copies of correspondence are to be sent to Deutsche Bank National Trust Company for Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Trust & Securities Services, 100
Plaza One, 6th Floor — MS J CY03-0699, Jersey City, NJ 0731 1-3 901, Attention: Corporates Team / Mondeléz International, Inc.), or such other address as the
Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Trustee (or such other
address as such successor Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company).
“corporation” includes corporations, limited liability companies, companies and business trusts.
“Currency Determination Agent”, with respect to Securities of any series, means, unless otherwise specified in the Securities of any series, a New York
Clearing House bank designated pursuant to Section 301 or Section 312.
“Defaulted Interest” has the meaning specified in Section 307.
“Depositary” means, with respect to the Securities of any series issuable or issued in the form of a Global Security, the Person designated as Depositary by
the Company pursuant to Section 301 until a successor Depositary shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter
“Depositary” shall mean or include each Person who is then a Depositary hereunder, and if at any time there is more than one such Person, “Depositary” as used
with respect to the Securities of any such series shall mean the Depositary with respect to the Securities of that series.
“Determination Notice” has the meaning specified in Section 1108(b).
“Dollars” and the sign “39” mean the currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private
debts.
“Election Date” has the meaning specified in Section 311(e).
“Euro” means the single currency of the participating member states of the European Union as defined under EC Regulation 1103/97 adopted under Article
235 of the Treaty on European Union and under EC Regulation 974/98 adopted under Article 1091(4) of the Treaty on European Union or any successor European
legislation from time to time.
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A.lN.A., as Operator of the Euroclear System.
“Event of Default” has the meaning speciﬁed in Section 501.
“Exchange Date” has the meaning specified in Section 304.
“Foreign Currency” means a currency issued and actively maintained as a country’s recognized unit of domestic exchange by the government of any country
other than the United States, and such term shall include the Euro.
“Global Exchange Agent” has the meaning specified in Section 304.
“Global Securities” means Securities in global form.
“Government Obligations” means securities which are (i) direct obligations of the government which issued the currency in which the Securities of a particular
series are payable (except as provided in Section 311(b) and 311(d) in which case with respect to Securities for which an election has occurred pursuant to
Section 311(b), or a Conversion Event has occurred as provided in Section 311(d), such obligations shall be issued in the currency or currency unit in which such
Securities are payable as a result of such election or Conversion Event) or (ii) obligations of a Person controlled or supervised by or acting as an agency or
instrumentality of the government which issued the currency in which the Securities of such series are payable (except as provided in Section 311(b) and 311(d), in
which case with respect to Securities for which an election has occurred pursuant to Section 311(b), or a Conversion Event has occurred as provided in
Section 311(d), such obligations shall be issued in the currency or currency unit in which such Securities are payable as a result of such election or Conversion
Event), the payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed by such government, which, in either case, are full faith and credit obligations of such government
payable in such currency and are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof.
3