Iable,of,Contents
Furthermore, we may not be able to complete, on terms favorable to us, desired or proposed divestitures of businesses that do not meet our strategic
objectives or our growth or proﬁtability targets. Our divestiture activities, or related activities such as reorganizations, restructuring programs and
transformation initiatives, may require us to recognize impairment charges or to take action to reduce costs that remain after we complete a
divestiture. Gains or losses on the sales of, or lost operating income from, those businesses may also affect our proﬁtability.
Any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our business, product sales, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
We must correctly predict, identify and interpret changes in consumer preferences and demand and offer new products that meet those
changes.
Consumer preferences for food and snacking products change continually. Our success depends on our ability to predict, identify and interpret the
tastes, dietary habits, packaging, sales channel and other preferences of consumers around the world and to offer products that appeal to these
preferences. Moreover, weak economic conditions, recession, equity market volatility or other factors could affect consumer preferences and
demand. If we do not offer products that appeal to consumers or if we misjudge consumer demand for our products, our sales and market share will
decrease and our profitability could suffer.
We must distinguish among short-term fads, mid-term trends and long-term changes in consumer preferences. If we do not accurately predict which
shifts in consumer preferences will be long-term, or if we fail to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those changing preferences, our
sales could decline. In addition, because of our varied consumer base, including by geography, we must offer an array of products that satisfy the
broad spectrum of consumer preferences. If we fail to expand our product offerings successfully across product categories, or if we do not rapidly
develop products in faster growing and more proﬁtable categories, demand for our products could decrease and our proﬁtability could suffer.
Prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health, environmental and social implications of certain food products and ingredients could inﬂuence
consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. For example, consumers have increasingly focused on
health and wellness, including weight management and reducing sodium and added sugar consumption. In addition, consumer preferences differ by
region, and we must monitor and adjust our use of ingredients to respond to these regional preferences. We might be unsuccessful in our efforts to
effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and social expectations. Continued negative perceptions and failure to satisfy consumer
preferences could materially and adversely affect our reputation, product sales, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
We could fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting.
The accuracy of our ﬁnancial reporting depends on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of ﬁnancial statements and may not prevent or
detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations. These limitations include, among others, the possibility of human error, inadequacy or
circumvention of controls and fraud. If we do not maintain effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting or design and implement controls sufﬁcient
to provide reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of our ﬁnancial statements, including in connection with
controls executed for us by third parties, we might fail to timely detect any misappropriation of corporate assets or inappropriate allocation or use of
funds and could be unable to ﬁle accurate financial reports on a timely basis. As a result, our reputation, results of operations and stock price could
be materially adversely affected.
We increasingly rely on information technology and third party service providers.
We rely on information technology and third party service providers to process, transmit and store company information via business applications,
internal networks and the Internet. We use these technologies and third party service providers to support our global business processes and
activities, including communicating with our employees, customers and suppliers; running critical business operations; engaging in mergers and
acquisitions and other corporate transactions; conducting research and development activities; meeting regulatory, legal and tax requirements; and
executing various digital marketing and consumer promotion activities.
15