“Guarantee” means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of any Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any Securities of any other Person and any
obligation, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, of such Person:
(1) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Securities of such other Person (whether arising by virtue of
partnership arrangements, or by agreement to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take-or-pay, or to maintain financial statement
conditions or otherwise), or
(2) entered into for purposes of assuring in any other manner the obligee of such Securities of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee against
loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part);
provided, however,, that the term “Guarantee” shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The term “Guarantee”
used as a verb has a corresponding meaning. The term “Guarantor” shall mean any Person Guaranteeing any obligation.
“Holder”, when used with respect to any Security, means the Person in whose name a Security is registered in the Security Register.
“Indenture” means this instrument as it may from time to time be supplemented or amended by one or more indentures supplemental hereto entered into
pursuant to the applicable provisions hereof and shall include the terms of a particular series of Securities established as contemplated by Section 301.
“Indexed Security” means any Security as to which the amount of payments of principal, premium, if any, and/or interest, if any, clue thereon is determined
with reference to the rate of exchange between the currency or currency unit in which the Security is denominated and any other specified currency or currency unit,
to the relationship between two or more currencies or currency units, to the price of one or more speciﬁed securities or commodities, to one or more securities or
commodities exchange indices or other indices or by other similar methods or formulas, all as specified in accordance with Section 301.
“interest”, when used with respect to any Security which by its terms bears interest only after Maturity, means interest payable after Maturity.
“Interest Payment Date”, when used with respect to any Security, means the Stated Maturity of an installment of interest on such Security.
“Issue Date” means the date on which the Securities of a particular series are originally issued under this Indenture.
“Judgment Date” has the meaning speciﬁed in Section 516.
“LIBOR” means, with respect to any LIBOR Security, the rate specified as LIBOR for such series of Securities in accordance with Section 301.
“LIBOR Currency” means the currency specified pursuant to Section 301 as to which LIBOR will be calculated or, if no currency is speciﬁed pursuant to
Section 301, Dollars.
“LIBOR Security” means any Security which bears interest at a ﬂoating rate calculated with reference to LIBOR.
“London Business Day” means, with respect to any LIBOR Security, a day on which commercial banks are open for business, including dealings in the
LIBOR Currency, in London.
“Luxembourg Stock Exchange”, unless specified with reSpect to any particular series of Securities, means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
“Market Exchange Rate” with respect to any Foreign Currency or currency unit on any date means, unless otherwise speciﬁed in accordance with
Section 30 1, the noon buying rate in The City of New York for cable transfers in such Foreign Currency or currency unit as certified for customs purposes by the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York for such Foreign Currency or currency unit.
4