14. Governing Law : This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be governed under and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida without
giving effect to any choice of law or conﬂict of law provision or rule that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than Florida. Any action
or proceeding by either of the Parties to enforce this Agreement shall be brought only in a State or Federal court located in the State of Florida. The Parties consent
to the personal jurisdiction of such courts and agrees not to claim that any such courts are inconvenient or otherwise inappropriate.
15. ,S,e,c,tioni4,09,A,: This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Section 409A”) or an
exemption thereunder and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, payments
provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments
under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral
shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement
shall be treated as a separate payment. Any payments to be made under this Agreement upon a termination of employment shall only be made upon a “separation
from service” under Section 409A. Abelenda will be deemed to have incurred a separation from service under Section 409A immediately following his Last Day
Worked on December 31, 2016.
Given that Abelenda is a “specified employee” within the meaning of Section 409A, to the extent required in order to comply with Section 409A, any
amounts or benefits to be paid or provided to Abelenda pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise that are considered nonqualified deferred compensation under
Section 409A will be delayed six (6) months to the ﬁrst business day on which such amounts and benefits may be paid in compliance with said Section 409A.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employer makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section
409A and in no event shall the Employer be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by the Employee on
account of non-compliance with Section 409A.
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
ABELENDA RETIREMENT AGREEMENT
Page 8 of 9