Exhibit 10.30
R,EIIREMENT,A,GREEMENT,AND7G,ENERAL,R,ELEASE
This Retirement Agreement and General Release (“Agreement”) is made between Mondeléz International Holdings LLC (and any currently or previously-
affiliated companies, parent companies, successors or predecessors, including Mondeléz International, Inc., Mondeléz Global LLC, Kraft Foods Inc., Kraft Foods
Group, Inc., and Kraft Foods Global, Inc., hereafter, collectively referred to herein as, “MIH” or the “Employer”) and Gustavo Abelenda (“Abelenda” or the
“Employee”) (the Employer and Employee are collectively referred to herein as the “Parties”).
Abelenda has been employed by MIH as in various capacities, and most recently as EVP and President, Latin America. Since Abelenda’s employment
relationship with MIH is ending, MIH has offered Abelenda benefits as set forth in this Agreement certain of which are benefits greater than what Abelenda is
entitled to otherwise receive, and Abelenda has decided to accept MIH’s offer. Therefore, Abelenda and MIH both agree and promise as follows:
1. Empkymentlermination: Abelenda’s last day of employment with MIH is December 31, 2016 (“Last Day Worked” or “Termination Date”).
Abelenda’s Retirement Date is January 1, 2017. Abelenda will be paid for any accrued, unused 2016 PTO days, less applicable deductions, at the next normal
payday following the Termination Date. After the Termination Date, Abelenda will not represent himself as being an employee, officer, attorney, agent or
representative of MIH for any purpose.
2. Sufficiency of Consideration : Abelenda understands, acknowledges and agrees that the payment of beneﬁts described in this Agreement, including
payments and benefits described in Section 3 herein, are conditioned upon his execution of this Agreement and are, in significant and substantial part, in addition to
those benefits to which he is otherwise entitled. Abelenda acknowledges and agrees that MIH has — apart from this Agreement — paid him for all wages that were
due to him.
3. Consideration; In exchange for the promises and releases in this Agreement, and provided Abelenda does not revoke the Agreement as permitted in
Section 12 below, MIH will provide Abelenda with the following benefits and payments:
a) Abelenda will receive a full 2016 Management Incentive Plan (“MIP”) award based on the number of days worked from January 1, 2016
through the Last Day Worked, to be paid at target performance for the individual performance component and actual performance for the Company performance
component. This payment, less applicable deductions, will be made no later than March 15, 2017, at the same time 2016 MIP awards are paid to employees
generally. Abelenda will not be eligible to receive any other MIP payments.