Iable,of,Contents
Ethics and Governance
We adopted the Mondelez International Code of Conduct, which qualifies as a code of ethics under Item 406 of Regulation S-K. The code applies to
all of our employees, including our principal executive ofﬁcer, principal ﬁnancial officer, principal accounting ofﬁcer or controller, and persons
performing similar functions. Our code of ethics is available free of charge on our web site at www.mondelezinternational.com and will be provided
free of charge to any shareholder submitting a written request to: Corporate Secretary, Mondeléz International, Inc., Three Parkway North, Deerﬁeld,
IL 60015. We will disclose any waiver we grant to an executive ofﬁcer or director under our code of ethics, or certain amendments to the code of
ethics, on our web site at www.mondelezintemational.com,.
In addition, we adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, charters for each of the Board’s four standing committees and the Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics for Non-Employee Directors. All of these materials are available on our web site at www.mondelezintemationaI.,c,o,m,and will be
provided free of charge to any shareholder requesting a copy by writing to: Corporate Secretary, Mondelez International, Inc., Three Parkway North,
Deerﬁeld, IL 60015.
Available Information
Our Internet address is www.mondelezinternational.com . Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on
Form 8-K and amendments to those reports ﬁled or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the “Exchange Act”), are available free of charge as soon as possible after we electronically ﬁle them with, or furnish them to, the US. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). You can access our ﬁlings with the SEC by visiting www.mondelezintemationaI.,com,. The information on
our web site is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other ﬁlings we make with the
SEC.
Item 1A. Risk Factors.
You should read the following risk factors carefully When evaluating our business and the fon/vard-looking information contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, ﬁnancial condition and the actual
outcome of matters described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While we believe we have identiﬁed and discussed below the key risk factors
affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know or that we do not currently believe to be
signiﬁcant that may adversely affect our business, performance or ﬁnancial condition in the future.
We operate in a highly competitive industry.
The food and snacking industry is highly competitive. Our principal competitors include major international food, snack and beverage companies that,
like us, operate in multiple geographic areas as well as numerous local and regional companies. We compete based on product quality, brand
recognition and loyalty, service, product innovation, taste, convenience, the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences, effectiveness of
sales and marketing, routes to market and distribution networks, promotional activity and price. If we do not effectively respond to challenges from
our competitors, our business could be adversely affected.
Competitor and customer pressures may require that we reduce our prices. These pressures may also restrict our ability to increase prices in
response to commodity and other cost increases. Failure to effectively assess, timely change and set proper pricing or trade incentives may
negatively impact the achievement of our strategic and ﬁnancial goals. The rapid emergence of new distribution channels, such as e-commerce, may
create consumer price deﬂation, affecting our retail customer relationships and presenting additional challenges to increasing prices in response to
commodity or other cost increases. We may need to increase or reallocate spending on marketing, advertising and new product innovation to protect
or increase market share. These expenditures might not result in trade and consumer acceptance of our efforts. If we reduce prices or our costs
increase but we cannot increase sales volumes to offset those changes, then our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations will suffer.
In addition, companies in our industry are under increasing pressure to improve the efﬁciency of their overall cost structures. We are pursuing a
transformation agenda with the goals of focusing our portfolio, improving our cost structure and operating model, and accelerating our growth. If we
do not achieve these objectives or do not implement transformation in a way that minimizes disruptions to our business, our financial condition and
results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
9