SECTION 2.08 LIBO Rate Determination .
(a) Methods to Determine LIBO Rate . The Administrative Agent shall determine the LIBO Rate by using the methods described in the deﬁnition of
the term “LIBO Rate,” and shall give prompt notice to Mondeléz and the applicable Borrowers and Lenders of each such LIBO Rate.
(b) Inability to Determine LIBO Rate . In the event that the LIBO Rate cannot be determined by the methods described in clause (a), (b), (c) or (d) of
the deﬁnition of “LIBO Rate,” then:
(i) the Administrative Agent shall forthwith notify Mondeléz and the Lenders that the interest rate cannot be determined for such LIBO Rate
Advance or Floating Rate Bid Advances, as the case may be;
(ii) with respect to each LIBO Rate Advance, such Advance will, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, be prepaid by the
Borrower or be automatically Converted into a Base Rate Advance; and
(iii) the obligation of the Lenders to make LIBO Rate Advances or Floating Rate Bid Advances or to Convert Base Rate Advances into LIBO Rate
Advances shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent shall notify Mondeléz and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer
exist.
(c) InadequateLIBDLRate. If, with respect to any LIBO Rate Advances, the Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent that (i) they are
unable to obtain matching deposits in the London interbank market at or about 11:00 am. (London time) on the second Business Day before the making of a
Borrowing in sufficient amounts to fund their respective LIBO Rate Advances as a part of such Borrowing during the Interest Period therefor or (ii) the LIBO Rate
for any Interest Period for such Advances will not adequately reﬂect the cost to such Required Lenders of making, funding or maintaining their respective LIBO
Rate Advances for such Interest Period, the Administrative Agent shall forthwith so notify Mondeléz and the Lenders, whereupon (A) the Borrower of such LIBO
Rate Advances will, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, either (x) prepay such Advances or (y) Convert such Advances into Base Rate
Advances and (B) the obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Base Rate Advances into, LIBO Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Administrative
Agent shall notify Mondeléz and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist. In the case of clause (ii) above, each such Lender shall
certify its cost of funds for each Interest Period to the Administrative Agent and Mondeléz as soon as practicable but in any event not later than 10 Business Days
after the last day of such Interest Period.
SECTION 2.09 Fees.
(a) Facility Fee . Mondeléz agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee (the “ Facility Fee ”) on the
aggregate amount of such Lender’s Commitment (whether drawn or undrawn) from the date hereof in the case of each Initial Lender and from the effective date
specified in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender in the case of each other Lender until the Termination Date at the Applicable
Facility Fee Rate, in each case payable on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December until the Termination Date and on the Termination
Date.
-23-