SECTION 302. Denominations and Currencies.
Unless otherwise provided with respect to any series of Securities as contemplated by Section 301, any Registered Securities of a series shall be issuable in
denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof, or the equivalent amounts thereof in the case of Registered Securities denominated in a Foreign
Currency or currency unit.
SECTION 303. Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating.
The Securities shall be executed on behalf of the Company by its Chairman of the Board, a Vice Chairman of the Board, or one or more of its Presidents or
Vice Presidents. The Securities shall be so executed and attested to by its Secretary or any one of its Assistant Secretaries. The signature of any of these ofﬁcers on
the Securities may be manual or facsimile.
Securities bearing the manual or facsimile signatures of individuals who were at any time the proper officers of the Company shall bind the Company,
notwithstanding that such individuals or any of them have ceased to hold such ofﬁces prior to the authentication and delivery of such Securities or did not hold such
offices at the date of such Securities.
At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Company may deliver Securities of any series, executed by the
Company to the Trustee for the Securities of such series for authentication, together with a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of such Securities,
and such Trustee, in accordance with the Company Order, shall authenticate and deliver such Securities. If any Security shall be represented by a permanent Global
Security, then, for purposes of this Section and Section 304, the notation of a beneficial owner’s interest therein upon original issuance of such Security or upon
exchange of a portion of a temporary Global Security shall be deemed to be delivery in connection with the original issuance of such beneﬁcial owner’s interest in
such permanent Global Security. If all the Securities of any one series are not to be issued at one time and if a Board Resolution relating to such Securities shall so
permit, such Company Order may set forth procedures acceptable to the Trustee for the issuance of such Securities, including, without limitation, procedures with
respect to interest rate, Stated Maturity, date of issuance and date from which interest, if any, shall accrue.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, if all Securities of a series are not to be originally issued at one time, it shall not be necessary to deliver the
Board Resolution, Ofﬁcers’ Certiﬁcate and Opinion of Counsel otherwise required pursuant to Sections 102 and 201 at or prior to the time of authentication of each
Security of such series if such documents are delivered at or prior to the authentication upon original issuance of the first Security of such series to be issued.
Each Registered Security shall be dated the date of its authentication. No Security shall be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be valid or
obligatory for any purpose unless there appears on such Security a certiﬁcate of authentication substantially in the form provided for herein manually executed by
the Trustee for such Security or on its behalf pursuant to Section 614, and such certificate upon any Security shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence,
that such Security has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder.
Each Depositary designated pursuant to Section 301 for a Global Security in registered form must, at the time of its designation and at all times while it
serves as Depositary, be a clearing agency registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any other applicable statute or regulation.
In case any Securities shall have been authenticated, but not delivered, by the Trustee or the Authenticating Agent for such series then in ofﬁce, any
successor by merger, conversion or consolidation to such Trustee, or any successor Authenticating Agent, as the case may be, may adopt such authentication and
deliver the Securities so authenticated with the same effect as if such successor Trustee or successor Authentication Agent had itself authenticated such Securities.
SECTION 304. Temporary Securities and Exchange of Securities.
Pending the preparation of deﬁnitive Securities of any particular series, the Company may execute, and upon Company Order the Trustee for the Securities of
such series shall authenticate and deliver, in the manner speciﬁed in Section 303, temporary Securities which are printed, lithographed, typewritten, photocopied or
otherwise produced, in any denomination, with like terms and conditions as the definitive Securities of like series in lieu of which they are issued in registered form
and with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as the officers executing such Securities may determine, as evidenced by their
execution of such Securities. Any such temporary Securities may be in global form, representing such of the Outstanding Securities of such series as shall be
speciﬁed therein.
14