Iable,of,Contents
Competition — We operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional and local competitors. Our advantaged geographic footprint,
operating scale and portfolio of brands have all signiﬁcantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most of the product
categories in which we sell. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on meeting consumer needs and preferences through new product
innovations and product quality. We also continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing
research and development, advertising, marketing and consumer promotions.
Pricing — We adjust our product prices based on a number of variables including demand, the competitive environment and changes in our product
input costs. Our net revenue growth and profitability may be affected as we adjust prices to address new conditions. In 2015 and 2016, we generally
increased prices in response to higher commodity costs, currency and other market factors. In 2017, we anticipate that we will adjust our prices in
response to changing market conditions. Price competition or delayed price increases by competitors or customers may continue to affect net
revenues or market share in the near term as the market adjusts to the changes in input costs and other market conditions.
Operating Costs — Our operating costs include raw materials, labor, selling, general and administrative expenses, taxes, currency impacts and
ﬁnancing costs. We manage these costs through cost saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, pricing actions, reﬁnancing
and tax planning. We also continue to work on programs to expand our proﬁtability and margins, such as our 2014-2018 Restructuring Program,
which is designed to bring about signiﬁcant reductions in our operating cost structure in both our supply chain and overhead costs. We also
integrated our EEMEA business into our Europe and Asia Paciﬁc segments effective October 1, 2016. We expect this change to have a favorable
impact on our operating performance prospectively due to greater leverage of our European and AMEA regional businesses and resulting cost
structure. We also began to re-negotiate collective bargaining agreements covering eight U.S. facilities that expired in February 2016. We continue to
work toward reaching a new agreement and have plans to ensure business continuity during the re-negotiations.
Currency— As a global company with 75.6% of our net revenues generated outside the United States, we are exposed to changes in global
economic conditions and currency movements. In the last three years, the US. dollar has generally strengthened relative to other currencies in which
we operate, and several countries experienced signiﬁcant declines in or devaluations of their currency. These currency movements had a signiﬁcant
negative effect on our reported results of operations. Our 2016 net revenues were $25.9 billion, down 12.5% from 2015, including a negative 4.6
percentage point impact from currency translation. Our 2015 net revenues were $29.6 billion, down 13.5% from 2014, including a negative 12.6
percentage point impact from currency translation (and a 12.0 percentage point impact excluding currency impacts related to Venezuela). Our 2014
net revenues were $34.2 billion, down 3.0% from 2013, including a negative 5.2 percentage point impact from currency translation (and a 3.9
percentage point impact excluding currency impacts related to Venezuela).
We have historically been exposed to currency devaluation risks impacting earnings particularly, but not only, in connection with our Venezuela
operations that were deconsolidated at the close of the 2015 ﬁscal year. In the months following Brexit, there was signiﬁcant volatility in the global
stock markets and currency exchange rates, affecting the markets in which we conduct business. The value of the British pound sterling relative to
the US. dollar declined signiﬁcantly with further volatility in the exchange rate expected over the Brexit transition period. The devaluation of the
British pound sterling negatively affected our translated results reported in US. dollars. To partially offset the translation of certain of our overseas
operations, including the United Kingdom, we have net investment hedges in the form of local currency denominated debt. We generally do not
hedge against currency translation and primarily seek to hedge against economic losses on cross-currency transactions. Due to limited markets for
hedging currency transactions and other factors, we may not be able to effectively hedge all of our cross-currency transaction risks. The local
economies, monetary policies and currency hedging availability can affect our ability to hedge against currency-related economic losses. While we
work to mitigate our exposure to these currency risks, factors such as continued global and local market volatility, actions by foreign governments,
political uncertainty, limited hedging opportunities and other factors could lead to further unfavorable currency impacts in the future. While we
continue to monitor and work to safeguard our business, Brexit could adversely affect future demand for our products, our ﬁnancial results and
operations, and our relationships with customers, suppliers and employees in the short or long-term. We may not be able to fully offset the increased
risks related to Brexit, which could impact proﬁtability in the near-term or longer should these conditions continue. See Note 1, Summary of
Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies — Currency Translation and Highly Inﬂationary Accounting: Venezuela and United Kingdom, for related information .
Financing Costs — We regularly evaluate our variable and ﬁxed-rate debt. We continue to use lower-cost, short- and long-term debt to ﬁnance our
ongoing working capital, capital expenditures and other investments, dividends and share repurchases. During 2016, we retired $6.2 billion of our
long-term debt and related costs and issued lower-cost, long-term euro, Swiss franc and US. dollar-denominated debt. Our weighted-average
interest rate on our total debt as of December 31, 2016 was 2.2%, down from 3.7% as of December 31, 2015 and down from 4.3% as of
December 31, 2014. Refer to Note 7, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements , for additional debt activity in 2017.
25