ARTICLE II
Amounts and Terms of the Advances
SECTION 2.01 The Pro Rata Advances .
(a) Obligation To Make Pro Rata Advances . Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to make Pro Rata
Advances to any Borrower in Dollars from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Effective Date until the Termination Date in an aggregate
amount not to exceed at any time outstanding such Lender’s Commitment; provided, howeveri, that the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders shall
be deemed used from time to time to the extent of the aggregate amount of the Competitive Bid Advances then outstanding and such deemed use of the aggregate
amount of the Commitments shall be allocated among the Lenders ratably according to their respective Commitments (such deemed use of the aggregate amount of
the Commitments being a “ CompetitiveLBidReduction,”).
(b) Amount of Pro Rata Borrowing; Each Pro Rata Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount of no less than $50,000,000 or an integral multiple
of $1,000,000 in excess thereof.
(0) Lgpe of Pro Rata Advances . Each Pro Rata Borrowing shall consist of Pro Rata Advances of the same Type made on the same day by the
Lenders ratably according to their respective Commitments. Within the limits of each Lender’s Commitment and subject to this Section 201, any Borrower may
borrow under this Section 2.01, prepay pursuant to Section 2.1 1 or repay pursuant to Section 2.03 and reborrow under this Section 2.01.
SECTION 2.02 Making,the,Bro,Rata,Advances,.
(a) NoticeiofBroBataBorrowing:. Each Pro Rata Borrowing shall be made on notice, given not later than (x) 11:00 am. (New York City time) on
the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Pro Rata Borrowing in the case of a Pro Rata Borrowing consisting of LIBO Rate Advances, or (y) 9:00
am. (New York City time) on the Business Day of the proposed Pro Rata Borrowing in the case of a Pro Rata Borrowing consisting of Base Rate Advances, by the
Borrower to the Administrative Agent, which shall give to each Lender prompt notice thereof by telecopier. Each such notice of a Pro Rata Borrowing (a “ Notice
ofBro,Rata,B,orro,wingj’) shall be by telephone, confirmed immediately in writing, by registered mail, email or telecopier in substantially the form of Exhibit B-1
hereto, specifying therein the requested:
(i) date of such Pro Rata Borrowing,
(ii) Type of Advances comprising such Pro Rata Borrowing,
-15-