Iable,of,Contents
In January 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that provides updated guidance for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of ﬁnancial
assets and liabilities. The standard requires that equity investments (other than those accounted for under equity method of accounting or those that
result in consolidation of the investee) be measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in net income. The standard also impacts
ﬁnancial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements for ﬁnancial instruments. The ASU is effective for
ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. This ASU is not expected to have a signiﬁcant impact on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In May 2014, the FASB issued an ASU on revenue recognition from contracts with customers. The ASU outlines a new, single comprehensive model
for companies to use in accounting for revenue. The core principle is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of control over
promised goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for the
goods or services. The ASU also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash ﬂows from
customer contracts, including signiﬁcantjudgments made in recognizing revenue. In 2016, the FASB issued several ASUs that clariﬁed principal
versus agent (gross versus net) revenue presentation considerations, confirmed certain prepaid stored-value products should be accounted for under
the new revenue recognition ASU and not under other U.S. GAAP and clariﬁed the guidance for identifying performance obligations within a contract
and the accounting for licenses. The FASB also issued two ASUs providing technical corrections, narrow scope exceptions and practical expedients
to clarify and improve the implementation of the new revenue recognition guidance. The revenue guidance is effective for annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted as of the original effective date (annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2016). The ASU may be applied retrospectively to historical periods presented or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of
adoption. We plan to adopt the new standard on January 1, 2018 on a full retrospective basis. We continue to make signiﬁcant progress on
quantifying the impact of the ASU on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements and planning the final process, policy and disclosure changes that will go
into effect on January 1, 2018. At this time, we do not expect a material impact from adopting the new revenue standards.
Reclassiﬁcations:
Certain amounts previously reported have been reclassiﬁed to conform to current-year presentation. See Segment Change above and Notes 5,
Goodwill and Intangible Assets , 6, Restructuring Programs, and 16, Segment Reporting , for information on changes in prior-period segment
goodwill, segment earnings and segment net asset reclassiﬁcations made in connection with the segment change that went into effect on October 1,
2016. We also reclassiﬁed certain amounts previously reported within our consolidated statements of comprehensive earnings and Note 13,
Reclassiﬁcations from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, to be consistent with the current-year presentation.
Note 2. Divestitures and Acquisitions
JDE Coffee Business Transactions:
On July 2, 2015, we completed transactions to combine our wholly owned coffee businesses with those of DE Master Blenders 1753 B.V. (“DEMB”)
to create a new company, JDE. Following the exchange of a portion of our investment in JDE for an interest in Keurig in March 2016, we held a
26.5% equity interest in JDE. (See discussion of the Keurig Transaction below.) The remaining 73.5% equity interest in JDE was held by a subsidiary
of Acorn Holdings B.V. (“AHBV,” owner of DEMB prior to July 2, 2015). Following the transactions discussed under JDE Stock-Based Compensation
Arrangements below, as of December 31, 2016, we hold a 26.4% equity interest in JDE.
The consideration we received in the JDE coffee business transactions completed on July 2, 2015 consisted of 6 3.8 billion of cash ($4.2 billion as of
July 2, 2015), a 43.5% equity interest in JDE (prior to the decrease in ownership due to the Keurig transaction and the compensation arrangements
discussed below) and $794 million in receivables (related to sales price adjustments and tax formation cost payments). During the third quarter of
2015, we also recorded $283 million of cash and receivables from JDE related to reimbursement of costs that we incurred in separating our coffee
businesses. The cash and equity consideration we received at closing reflects our retaining our interest in our Korea-based joint venture, DSF.
During the second quarter of 2015, we also completed the sale of our interest in a Japanese coffee joint venture, Ajinomoto General Foods, Inc.
(“AGF”). In lieu of contributing our interest in the AGF joint venture to JDE, we contributed the net cash proceeds from this sale as part of the overall
JDE coffee business transactions. See Other Divestitures and Acquisitions for a discussion of the AGF divestiture.
74