Iable,of,Contents
Working with these technologies and third party service providers creates risks related to conﬁdentiality, integrity and continuity, and some of these
risks may be outside of our control. Conﬁdentiality and integrity of information may be jeopardized by deliberate or unintentional misuse, manipulation
or disclosure of information; physical theft; or cybersecurity data breaches by our employees, suppliers, hackers, criminal groups, nation-state
organizations, social-activist organizations or other third parties. We currently utilize third party e-commerce providers and request that they have the
appropriate cybersecurity controls and meet regulatory requirements. Going fon/vard, should we decide to transact e-commerce direct to consumers
as the merchant, we would implement additional procedures, controls and technology to address cybersecurity and regulatory compliance. We might
face increased risk if new initiatives such as e-commerce increase the amount of conﬁdential information that we process and maintain, and the
cybersecurity and compliance controls we or our third party providers implement are not effective. Continuity of business applications and services
may be disrupted by errors in systems’ maintenance, migration of applications to the cloud, power outages, hardware or software failures, viruses or
malware, denial of service and other cyber security attacks, telecommunication failures, natural disasters, terrorist attacks and other catastrophic
events.
Should any of these risks materialize, the need to coordinate with various third party service providers might complicate our efforts to resolve the
related issues. If our controls, disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our product
sales, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected, and we may experience delays in reporting our ﬁnancial
results.
In addition, should conﬁdential information belonging to us or our employees, customers, consumers, partners, suppliers, or governmental or
regulatory authorities be misused or breached, we may suffer financial losses relating to remediation, damage to our reputation or brands, loss of
intellectual property, or penalties or litigation related to violation of data privacy laws and regulations.
Weak financial performance, downgrades in our credit ratings, illiquid global capital markets and volatile global economic conditions
could limit our access to the global capital markets, reduce our liquidity and increase our borrowing costs.
We access the long-term and short-term global capital markets to obtain ﬁnancing. Our financial performance, our short- and long-term debt credit
ratings, interest rates, the stability of ﬁnancial institutions with which we partner, the liquidity of the overall global capital markets and the state of the
global economy, including the food industry, could affect our access to, and the availability or cost of, ﬁnancing on acceptable terms and conditions
and our ability to pay dividends in the future. There can be no assurance that we will have access to the global capital markets on terms we ﬁnd
acceptable.
We regularly access the commercial paper markets in the United States and Europe for ongoing funding requirements. A downgrade in our credit
ratings by a credit rating agency could increase our borrowing costs and adversely affect our ability to issue commercial paper. Disruptions in the
global commercial paper market or other effects of volatile economic conditions on the global credit markets also could reduce the amount of
commercial paper that we could issue and raise our borrowing costs for both short- and long-term debt offerings.
Limitations on our ability to access the global capital markets, a reduction in our liquidity or an increase in our borrowing costs could materially and
adversely affect our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
Volatility in the equity markets, interest rates, our participation in multi-employer pension plans or other factors could substantially
increase our pension costs.
We sponsor a number of deﬁned beneﬁt pension plans for our employees throughout the world. At the end of 2016, the projected benefit obligation of
our deﬁned beneﬁt pension plans was $11.4 billion and plan assets were $9.5 billion. The difference between plan obligations and assets, or the
funded status of the plans, signiﬁcantly affects the net periodic beneﬁt costs of our pension plans and the ongoing funding requirements of those
plans. Our largest funded defined beneﬁt pension plans are funded with trust assets invested in a globally diversiﬁed portfolio of investments,
including equities and corporate and government debt. Among other factors, changes in interest rates, mortality rates, early retirement rates,
investment returns, funding requirements in the jurisdictions in which the plans operate, the viability of other employers in the multi-employer pension
plans in which we participate and the market value of plan assets can affect the level of plan funding, cause volatility in the net periodic pension cost
and increase our future funding requirements. Legislative and other governmental regulatory actions may also increase funding requirements for our
pension plans’ beneﬁts obligation.
16