Iable,of,Contents
We are subject to currency exchange rate fluctuations.
At December 31, 2016, we sold our products in approximately 165 countries and had operations in more than 80 countries. Consequently, a
signiﬁcant portion of our business is exposed to currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations. Our ﬁnancial results and capital ratios are sensitive to
movements in currency exchange rates because a large portion of our assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses must be translated into US. dollars
for reporting purposes or converted into US. dollars to service obligations such as our US. dollar-denominated indebtedness and to pay dividends to
our shareholders. In addition, movements in currency exchange rates can affect transaction costs because we source product ingredients from
various countries. We seek to mitigate our exposure to exchange rate ﬂuctuations, primarily on cross-currency transactions, but our efforts may not
be successful. Accordingly, changes in the currency exchange rates that we use to translate our results into US. dollars for ﬁnancial reporting
purposes or for transactions involving multiple currencies could materially and adversely affect our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
Commodity and other input prices are volatile and may increase or decrease significantly or availability of commodities may become
constrained.
We purchase and use large quantities of commodities, including cocoa, dairy, wheat, corn products, palm and other vegetable oils, sugar and other
sweeteners, and nuts. In addition, we purchase and use signiﬁcant quantities of packaging materials to package our products and natural gas, fuels
and electricity for our factories and warehouses. Prices for these raw materials, other supplies and energy are volatile and can fluctuate due to
conditions that are difficult to predict. These conditions include global competition for resources, currency ﬂuctuations, political conditions, severe
weather, the potential longer-term consequences of climate change on agricultural productivity, crop disease or pests, water risk, health pandemics,
consumer or industrial demand, and changes in governmental trade, alternative energy and agricultural programs. Increasing focus on climate
change, deforestation, water, animal welfare and human rights concerns and other risks associated with the global food system may lead to
increased activism focusing on consumer goods companies, government intervention and consumer response, and could adversely affect our or our
suppliers’ reputation and business and our ability to procure the materials we need to operate our business. Many of the commodities we purchase
are grown by smallholder farmers, who might lack the capacity to invest to increase productivity or adapt to changing conditions. Although we
monitor our exposure to commodity prices and hedge against input price increases, we cannot fully hedge against changes in commodity costs, and
our hedging strategies may not protect us from increases in speciﬁc raw material costs. Continued volatility in the prices of commodities and other
supplies we purchase could increase or decrease the costs of our products, and our proﬁtability could suffer as a result. Moreover, increases in the
price of our products, including increases to cover higher input costs, may result in lower sales volumes, while decreases in input costs could require
us to lower our prices and thereby affect our revenues, proﬁts or margins. Likewise, constraints in the supply of key commodities may limit our ability
to grow our net revenues and earnings. If our mitigation activities are not effective, if we are unable to price to cover increased costs or must reduce
our prices, or if we are limited by supply constraints, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
Complying with changes in and inconsistencies among laws and regulations in many countries in which we operate could increase our
costs.
Our activities throughout the world are highly regulated and subject to government oversight. Various laws and regulations govern food production,
storage, distribution, sales, advertising, labeling and marketing, as well as licensing, trade, labor, tax and environmental matters, and health and
safety practices. Government authorities regularly change laws and regulations and their interpretations. Our compliance with new or revised laws
and regulations or the interpretation and application of existing laws and regulations could materially and adversely affect our product sales, ﬁnancial
condition and results of operations. For instance, our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected by the regulatory and
economic impact of changes in taxation and trade relations among the United States and other countries or changes in the European Union such as
Brexit.
We may be unable to hire or retain and develop key personnel or a highly skilled and diverse global workforce or manage changes in our
workforce.
We must hire, retain and develop effective leaders and a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. We compete to hire new personnel in the many
countries in which we manufacture and market our products and then to develop and retain their skills and competencies. Unplanned turnover or
failure to develop adequate succession plans for leadership positions or to hire and retain a diverse global workforce with the skills and in the
locations we need to operate and grow our business could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness.
12