(c) if the Interpolated Rate shall not be available at the applicable time for the applicable Interest Period, then the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period
shall be the Historical Screen Rate, or
(d) if the Historical Screen Rate shall not be available at the applicable time for the applicable Interest Period, then the LIBO Rate for such Interest
Period shall be the Interpolated Historical Screen Rate,
provided that in no event shall the LIBO Rate be less than 0% for the purposes of this Agreement.
“ LIBQ,Rate,Loan,” means a Loan that bears interest as provided in Section 2.04(a)(ii).
“ Lien ” has the meaning specified in Section 5.02(a).
“ Loans,” means the Five-Year Loans and the Three-Year Loans, collectively.
“ Majorjubsidiary: means any Subsidiary of Mondeléz (a) more than 50% of the voting securities of which is owned directly or indirectly by
Mondeléz, (b) which is organized and existing under, or has its principal place of business in, the United States or any political subdivision thereof, Canada or any
political subdivision thereof, any country which is a member of the European Union on the date hereof or any political subdivision thereof, or Switzerland, Norway
or Australia or any of their respective political subdivisions, and (c) which has at any time total assets (after intercompany eliminations) exceeding $1,000,000,000.
“ Marginjtockf’ means margin stock, as defined in Regulation U.
“ MaturityLDate,” means the Three-Year Maturity Date and the F ive-Year Maturity Date.
“ Minimum Shareholders’ quty: means Total Shareholders’ Equity of not less than $24,600,000,000.
“ Mondeljz,” has the meaning specified in the preamble.
“ Moody’is” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto.
“ MultiemplioyeriPlan,” means a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate is
making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has within any of the preceding five plan years made or accrued an obligation to make contributions,
such plan being maintained pursuant to one or more collective bargaining agreements.
“ MultipleEmplioyeriPlan,” means a single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained for employees of any
Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate and at least one Person other than such Obligor and the ERISA Affiliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which such
Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate could have liability under Section 4064 or 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated.
-11-