Iable,of,Contents
As of the close of the 2015 ﬁscal year, we deconsolidated and changed to the cost method of accounting for our Venezuelan operations. We
recorded a $778 million pre-tax loss on December 31, 2015 as we reduced the value of our cost method investment in Venezuela and all Venezuelan
receivables held by our other subsidiaries to realizable fair value, resulting in full impairment. The recorded loss also included historical cumulative
translation adjustments related to our Venezuelan operations that had previously been recorded in accumulated other comprehensive losses within
equity. The fair value of our investments in our Venezuelan subsidiaries was estimated based on discounted cash ﬂow projections of current and
expected operating losses in the foreseeable future and our ability to operate the business on a sustainable basis. Our fair value estimate included
U.S. dollar exchange and discount rate assumptions that reflect the inﬂation and economic uncertainty in Venezuela.
For 2015 and prior periods presented, the operating results of our Venezuela operations were included in our consolidated statements of earnings.
During this time, we recognized a number of currency-related remeasurement losses resulting from devaluations of the Venezuela bolivar exchange
rates we historically used to source U.S. dollars for purchases of imported raw materials, packaging and other goods and services. The following
table sets forth a history of the remeasurement losses, the deconsolidation loss and historical operating results and ﬁnancial position of our
Venezuelan subsidiaries for the periods presented:
Foﬂheleais Ended Deﬁciembieri 31 ,
2015 2014
(in millions)
:Net revenues $ 1,217 $ 760 l
Operating income (excluding remeasurement and
v deconsolidation losses) 266 181
Remeasurement losses: |
04 2014: 6.30 to 10.70 bolivars to the US. dollar — (142)
I SICAD l remeasurements through ]
December 31, 2014 — (2_5)
v Q1 2015: 11.50 to 12.00 bolivars to the US dollar (ﬂ) —
,Loss on deconsolidation (778) — I
As of December 31,
2015 2014
(in millions)
Cash (1) $ 611 $ 278 l
vNet monetary assets (1) 405 236
,Net assets (1) 658 500 l
(1) Represents the ﬁnancial position of our Venezuelan subsidiaries prior to the accounting change on December 31, 2015.
Beginning in 2016, we no longer include net revenues, earnings or net assets of our Venezuelan subsidiaries within our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements. Under the cost method of accounting, earnings are only recognized to the extent cash is received. Given the current and ongoing difﬁcult
economic, regulatory and business environment in Venezuela, there continues to be significant uncertainty related to our operations in Venezuela,
and we expect these conditions will continue for the foreseeable future. We will monitor the extent of our ability to control our Venezuelan operations
and the liquidity and availability of US. dollars at different rates, as our current situation in Venezuela may change over time and lead to
consolidation at a future date.
Argentina. On December 16, 2015, the new Argentinean government ﬁscal authority announced the lifting of strict currency controls and reduced
restrictions on exports and imports. The next day, the value of the Argentinean peso relative to the U.S. dollar fell by 36%. In 2016, the value of the
Argentinean peso relative to the US dollar declined an additional 23%. Further volatility in the exchange rate is expected. While the business
operating environment remains challenging, we continue to monitor and actively manage our investment and exposures in Argentina. We continue
executing our hedging programs and refining our product portfolio to improve our product offerings, mix and proﬁtability. We also continue to
implement additional cost reduction initiatives to optimize and streamline our manufacturing facilities and commercial operations to protect the
business together with pricing strategy to offset inflationary pressures. While further currency declines could have an adverse impact on our ongoing
results of operations, we believe the actions by the government to reduce economic controls and business restrictions will provide favorable
opportunities for our Argentinean subsidiaries. Our Argentinean operations contributed $583 million, or 2.2% of consolidated net revenues for the
year ended December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2016, the net monetary liabilities of our Argentina operations were not material. Argentina is not
designated as a highly-inﬂationary economy for accounting purposes, so we record currency translation adjustments within equity and realized
exchange gains and losses on transactions in earnings.
68