IableﬁﬂContentS
Currency exchange cash flow hedges . We use various ﬁnancial instruments to mitigate our exposure to changes in exchange rates from third-party
and intercompany current and forecasted transactions. These instruments may include currency exchange forward contracts, futures, options and
swaps. Based on the size and location of our businesses, we use these instruments to hedge our exposure to certain currencies, including the euro,
pound sterling, Swiss franc, Canadian dollar and Mexican peso.
Interest rate cash flow and fair value hedges . We manage interest rate volatility by modifying the pricing or maturity characteristics of certain
liabilities so that the net impact on expense is not, on a material basis, adversely affected by movements in interest rates. As a result of interest rate
ﬂuctuations, hedged ﬁxed-rate liabilities appreciate or depreciate in market value. We expect the effect of this unrealized appreciation or depreciation
to be substantially offset by our gains or losses on the derivative instruments that are linked to these hedged liabilities. We use derivative
instruments, including interest rate swaps that have indices related to the pricing of speciﬁc liabilities as part of our interest rate risk management
strategy. As a matter of policy, we do not use highly leveraged derivative instruments for interest rate risk management. We use interest rate swaps
to economically convert a portion of our ﬁxed-rate debt into variable-rate debt. Under the interest rate swap contracts, we agree with other parties to
exchange, at speciﬁed intervals, the difference between fixed-rate and ﬂoating-rate interest amounts, which is calculated based on an agreed-upon
notional amount. We also use interest rate swaps to hedge the variability of interest payment cash ﬂows on a portion of our future debt obligations.
Most recently in October 2016, we executed cross-currency interest rate swaps that we use to hedge interest payment cash ﬂows on newly issued
debt denominated in a different currency than the functional currency of the borrowing entity. Substantially all of these derivative instruments are
highly effective and qualify for hedge accounting treatment.
Hedges of net investments in non-U.S. operations . We have numerous investments outside the United States. The net assets of these subsidiaries
are exposed to changes and volatility in currency exchange rates. We use local currency denominated debt to hedge our non-U.S. net investments
against adverse movements in exchange rates. We designated our euro, pound sterling and Swiss franc denominated borrowings as a net
investment hedge of a portion of our overall European operations. The gains and losses on our net investment in these designated European
operations are economically offset by losses and gains on our euro, pound sterling and Swiss franc denominated borrowings. The change in the
debt’s value, net of deferred taxes, is recorded in the currency translation adjustment component of accumulated other comprehensive earnings /
(losses).
Income Taxes:
Our provision for income taxes includes amounts payable or refundable for the current year, the effect of deferred tax and impacts from uncertain tax
positions. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the ﬁnancial
statement and tax basis of our assets and liabilities, operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply in the years in which those differences are expected to reverse.
The realization of certain deferred tax assets is dependent on generating sufﬁcient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the
expiration of the carryforward periods. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion, or all,
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. When assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider any carryback potential, future
reversals of existing taxable temporary differences (including liabilities for unrecognized tax beneﬁts), future taxable income and tax planning
strategies.
We recognize tax benefits in our ﬁnancial statements from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be
sustained by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The amount we recognize is measured as the largest amount of
beneﬁt that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement. Future changes in judgment related to the expected resolution of
uncertain tax positions could affect income in the period when the change occurs.
New Accounting Pronouncements:
In January 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued an Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) that clariﬁes the deﬁnition of a
business with the objective of adding guidance to assist companies with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions or
disposals of assets or businesses. The deﬁnition of a business may affect many areas of accounting including acquisitions, disposals, goodwill and
consolidation. The ASU is applied on a prospective basis and is effective for ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption
permitted. We are currently assessing the ASU and potential prospective impact on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
72