Iable,of,Contents
° changes in local regulations and laws, the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in foreign jurisdictions, and foreign ownership
restrictions and the potential for nationalization or expropriation of property or other resources;
0 varying abilities to enforce intellectual property and contractual rights;
0 discriminatory or conﬂicting ﬁscal policies;
° greater risk of uncollectible accounts and longer collection cycles; and
o design, implementation and use of effective control environment processes across our diverse operations and employee base.
In addition, political and economic changes or volatility, geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil strife, acts of war, public
corruption, expropriation and other economic or political uncertainties could interrupt and negatively affect our business operations or customer
demand. High unemployment or the slowdown in economic growth in some markets could constrain consumer spending. As a branded food
company that seeks to sell our products at a premium, declining consumer purchasing power could result in loss of market share and adversely
impact our profitability. Continued instability in the banking and governmental sectors of certain countries or the dynamics and uncertainties
associated with the United Kingdom’s vote to exit the European Union (“Brexit”), including currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations and volatility in global
stock markets, could have a negative effect on our business. All of these factors could result in increased costs or decreased revenues, and could
materially and adversely affect our product sales, ﬁnancial condition, results of operations, and our relationships with customers, suppliers and
employees in the short or long term.
Our operations in certain emerging markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory risks.
Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets, including among others Brazil, China, India,
Mexico, Russia, Argentina, Ukraine, the Middle East, Africa and Southeast Asia. However, some emerging markets have greater political, economic
and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than more established markets. In many countries, particularly
those with emerging economies, engaging in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations with extraterritorial reach, such as the FCPA and
the UK. Bribery Act, or local anti-bribery laws may be more common. These laws generally prohibit companies and their employees, contractors or
agents from making improper payments to government ofﬁcials, including in connection with obtaining permits or engaging in other actions
necessary to do business. Failure to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect
our reputation, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, competition in emerging markets is increasing as our competitors grow their global operations and low cost local manufacturers expand
and improve their production capacities. Our success in emerging markets is critical to achieving our growth strategy. If we cannot successfully
increase our business in emerging markets and manage associated political, economic and regulatory risks, our product sales, financial condition
and results of operations could be adversely affected, such as occurred when we deconsolidated and changed to the cost method of accounting for
our Venezuelan operations at the close of 2015 or any potential impact on our business in Venezuela from future economic or political developments.
Unanticipated business disruptions could adversely affect our ability to provide our products to our customers.
We manufacture and source products and materials on a global scale. We have a complex network of suppliers and material needs, owned
manufacturing locations, co-manufacturing locations, distribution networks and information systems that support our ability to provide our products to
our customers consistently. Factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, like weather, natural disasters, supply and commodity shortages,
ﬁre, explosions, terrorism, political unrest, generalized labor unrest or health pandemics could damage or disrupt our operations or our suppliers’ or
co-manufacturers’ operations. If we do not effectively respond to disruptions in our operations, for example, by ﬁnding alternative suppliers or
replacing capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations, or cannot quickly repair damage to our information, production or supply systems,
we may be late in delivering or unable to deliver products to our customers and the quality and safety of our products might be negatively affected. If
that occurs, we may lose our customers’ conﬁdence or suffer damage to our reputation, and long-term consumer demand for our products could
decline. In addition, we might not have the functions, processes or organizational capability necessary to achieve on our anticipated timeframes our
strategic ambition to reconﬁgure our supply chain and drive efﬁciencies to fuel growth. Further, our ability to supply multiple markets with a
streamlined manufacturing footprint may be negatively impacted by portfolio complexity, changes in volume produced and changes to regulatory
restrictions or labor-related constraints on our ability to adjust production capacity in the markets in which we operate. These events could materially
and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
11