Iable,of,Contents
V\ﬁthin our product categories, the classes of products that contributed 10% or more to consolidated net revenues were:
For the Years Ended December 31,
2016 2015 2014(1)
Biscuits - Cookies and crackers 36% 34% 30% l
Chocolate - Teﬂlets, bars and other 30% 27% 28%
Beverages - Coffee — 6% 11% l
(1) During 2014, we realigned some of our products across product categories and as such, we reclassiﬁed the product category net revenues on a basis
consistent with the 2015 and 2016 presentation.
Significant Divestitures and Acquisitions
For information on our signiﬁcant divestitures and acquisitions, please refer to Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions, and speciﬁcally, in connection
with our global coffee business deconsolidation, see the discussions under JDE Coffee Business Transactions and Keurig Transaction .
Customers
No single customer accounted for 10% or more of our net revenues from continuing operations in 2016. Our five largest customers accounted for
16.6% and our ten largest customers accounted for 22.9% of net revenues from continuing operations in 2016.
Seasonality
Demand for our products is generally balanced over the ﬁrst three quarters of the year and increases in the fourth quarter primarily because of
holidays and other seasonal events. Depending on when Easter falls, there may also be a shift between the first and second quarter results. We
build inventory based on expected demand and typically ﬁll customer orders within a few days of receipt so the backlog of unfilled orders is not
material. Funding for working capital items, including inventory and receivables, is normally sourced from operating cash flows and short-term
commercial paper borrowings. For additional information on our liquidity, working capital management, cash ﬂow and ﬁnancing activities, see
Liquidity and Capital Resources , Note 1 , Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies, and Note 7, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements , appearing
later in this 10-K ﬁling.
Competition
We face competition in all aspects of our business. Competitors include large multi-national as well as numerous local and regional companies.
Some competitors have different proﬁt objectives and investment time horizons than we do and therefore approach pricing and promotional decisions
differently. We compete based on product quality, brand recognition and loyalty, service, product innovation, taste, convenience, the ability to identify
and satisfy consumer preferences, effectiveness of sales and marketing, routes to market and distribution networks, promotional activity and price.
Improving our market position or introducing a new product requires substantial research, development, advertising and promotional expenditures.
We believe these investments lead to better products for the consumer and support our growth and market position.
Distribution and Marketing
Across our segments, we generally sell our products to supermarket chains, wholesalers, supercenters, club stores, mass merchandisers,
distributors, convenience stores, gasoline stations, drug stores, value stores and other retail food outlets. We distribute our products through direct
store delivery, company-owned and satellite warehouses, distribution centers and other facilities. We use the services of independent sales offices
and agents in some of our international locations.
We also sell our products on a growing number of e-commerce platforms as consumer consumption patterns change (reﬂecting greater consumer
time compression and technology use) and retail increasingly expands online. V\ﬁthin our digital and social marketing, we create opportunities for
consumers to easily find and buy our products online. We have built relationships with several retailers to develop customized programs that ﬁt their
and our formats and provide consumers additional personalized offerings from our snacks portfolio.
4