b) For stock option purposes, Abelenda will be considered early retirement eligible and, therefore, will be treated as an early retiree.
Abelenda will have until the original expiration date to exercise outstanding vested and unexercised stock options. Any unvested stock options granted prior to
January 1, 2017 will continue to vest per the normal vesting schedule. With respect to any restricted stock (or deferred stock units), Abelenda’s entire 2014
restricted stock (or deferred stock units) award will vest following the Last Day Worked. Applicable tax withholding (and any other withholding payroll taxes) will
be satisﬁed by deducting the number of shares equal in value to the amount of the withholding requirements from Abelenda’s stock awards; therefore, the number
of shares deposited into Abelenda’s account on the vesting date will be net of the shares used to satisfy applicable withholding taxes (rounded up to the nearest
whole share). The administrative time it takes to complete these transactions may be up to 8 weeks from the Last Day Worked. Abelenda will forfeit all other
unvested restricted stock (or deferred stock unit) grants.
c) Abelenda will be eligible to receive his entire award of performance share units subject to the 2014-2016 performance cycle (the “2014
PSUs”) and 2015-2017 performance cycle (the “2015 PSUs”) based on actual Company performance and a pro-rated award (if any), based on actual Company
performance, for his performance share units subject to the 2016-2018 performance cycle (the “2016 PSUs”). If such performance share units satisfy the minimum
performance thresholds for an award, then Abelenda will receive shares, less required deductions, based on nineteen (19) months (out of a total of thirty-six
(36) months) of participation from the beginning of the performance cycle for the 2016 PSUs, at the actual business rating as determined by the Human Resources
and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Such shares (if any) net of required withholding shall be issued after the conclusion of the applicable
performance period, and no later than March 15, 2017 for the 2014 PSUs, March 15, 2018 for the 2015 PSUs, and March 15, 2019 for the 2016 PSUs. All other
outstanding performance share unit grants will be canceled and forfeited immediately following the Last Day Worked.
d) Subject to the underlying terms and conditions of the applicable plans, Abelenda will receive compensation and beneﬁts as provided for
under MIH’s retirement and beneﬁts plans available to employees generally. Abelenda will not be entitled to any other compensation or benefits not provided in
this Agreement, nor is Abelenda entitled to any severance under the Mondeléz Global LLC Severance Pay Plan for Salaried Exempt Employees. Abelenda
understands, acknowledges and agrees that the payment of beneﬁts described in this Agreement, including payments and benefits described in Section 3 herein, are
conditioned upon his execution of this Agreement. Abelenda acknowledges and agrees that the sums and beneﬁts to be provided under the terms of this Agreement
are, in signiﬁcant and substantial part, in addition to those benefits to which he is otherwise entitled. Abelenda may revoke this Agreement within seven (7) days
after he signs it by giving written notice to MIH. To be effective, this revocation must be received by the close of business on the 7th calendar day after Abelenda
signs this Agreement. If Abelenda revokes this Agreement, he understands that he will not receive the benefits that are conditioned upon his execution of the
Agreement. This Agreement will not become effective or enforceable unless and until the seven-day revocation period has expired without Abelenda revoking it.
ABELENDA RETIREMENT AGREEMENT
Page 2 of 9