(i) Mondeléz has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by Mondeléz and each of
its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, ofﬁcers, employees and agents (acting in their capacity as such) with F CPA and other applicable Anti-
Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. None of (i) Mondelez or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) to the knowledge of Mondelez, any director, ofﬁcer,
employee or Borrower Agent of Mondeléz or its Subsidiaries, is a Sanctioned Person.
(1') No Borrower is an EEA Financial Institution.
(k) No Borrower is or is required to be registered as an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
ARTICLE V
Covenants of Mondelez
SECTION 5.01 AfﬁrmativeiCovenants. So long as any Advance shall remain unpaid or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder,
Mondeléz will:
(a) Compliance with Laws. Etc . Comply, and cause each Major Subsidiary to comply, in all material reSpects, with all applicable laws, rules,
regulations and orders (such compliance to include, without limitation, complying with ERISA and paying before the same become delinquent all taxes,
assessments and governmental charges imposed upon it or upon its property except to the extent contested in good faith), noncompliance with which would
materially adversely affect the ﬁnancial condition or operations of Mondeléz and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.
(b) Maintenanc,e,oflotal,ShareholdersLEqiﬁty:. Maintain Total Shareholders’ Equity of not less than the Minimum Shareholders’ Equity.
(c) RieportingRequirements. Furnish to the Lenders:
(i) as soon as available and in any event within 5 days after the due date for Mondelez to have filed its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with
the Commission for the first three quarters of each ﬁscal year, an unaudited interim condensed consolidated balance sheet of Mondeléz and its
Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and unaudited interim condensed consolidated statements of earnings of Mondeléz and its Subsidiaries for
the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such quarter, certified by the chief ﬁnancial ofﬁcer of
Mondeléz;
(ii) as soon as available and in any event within 15 days after the due date for Mondelez to have ﬁled its Annual Report on Form 10-K with the
Commission for each ﬁscal year, a copy of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for such year for Mondeléz and its Subsidiaries, audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (or other independent auditors which, as of the date of this Agreement, are one of the “big four” accounting ﬁrms);
-40-