(f) Irrevocable Notice . If the Borrower proposing such Competitive Bid Borrowing notifies the Administrative Agent that it accepts one or more of
the offers made by any Lender or Lenders pursuant to Section 207(0), such notice of acceptance shall be irrevocable and binding on such Borrower. Such Borrower
shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense incurred by such Lender as a result of any failure to fulﬁll on or before the date specified in the
related Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing for such Competitive Bid Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in Article 111, including, without limitation,
any loss (excluding loss of anticipated proﬁts), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such
Lender to fund the Competitive Bid Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing when such Competitive Bid Advance, as a
result of such failure, is not made on such date.
(g) Amount of Competitive Bid Borrowing; Competitive Bid Notes . Each Competitive Bid Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount of
$50,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and, following the making of each Competitive Bid Borrowing, the aggregate amount of
Advances then outstanding shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders. Within the limits and on the conditions set forth in this
Section 2.07, any Borrower may from time to time borrow under this Section 2.07, prepay pursuant to Section 2.11 or repay pursuant to Section 2.07(h), and
reborrow under this Section 2.07; proxidedjhat a Competitive Bid Borrowing shall not be made within two Business Days of the date of any other Competitive Bid
Borrowing. The indebtedness of any Borrower resulting from each Competitive Bid Advance made to such Borrower as part of a Competitive Bid Borrowing shall
be evidenced by a separate Competitive Bid Note of such Borrower payable to the Lender (or its registered assigns) making such Competitive Bid Advance.
(h) RiepaymentofCompetitiveBidAdyances. On the maturity date of each Competitive Bid Advance provided in the Competitive Bid Note
evidencing such Competitive Bid Advance, the Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender that has made a Competitive Bid
Advance the then unpaid principal amount of such Competitive Bid Advance. No Borrower shall have any right to prepay any principal amount of any Competitive
Bid Advance unless, and then only on the terms set forth in the Competitive Bid Note evidencing such Competitive Bid Advance.
(i) Interest on Competitive Bid Advances . Each Borrower that has borrowed through a Competitive Bid Borrowing shall pay interest on the unpaid
principal amount of each Competitive Bid Advance from the date of such Competitive Bid Advance to the date the principal amount of such Competitive Bid
Advance is repaid in full, at the rate of interest for such Competitive Bid Advance and on the interest payment date or dates set forth in the Competitive Bid Note
evidencing such Competitive Bid Advance. If any principal of or interest on any Competitive Bid Advance payable by a Borrower hereunder is not paid when due,
whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, payable in arrears on the date
or dates interest is payable on such Competitive Bid Advance, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 1% per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid
on such Competitive Bid Advance under the terms of the Competitive Bid Note evidencing such Competitive Bid Advance unless otherwise agreed in such
Competitive Bid Note.
-22-