Iable,of,Contents
We exclude antidilutive Mondelez International stock options from our calculation of weighted-average shares for diluted EPS. We excluded
7.8 million antidilutive stock options for the year ended December 31, 2016, 5.1 million antidilutive stock options for the year ended December 31,
2015 and 8.6 million antidilutive stock options for the year ended December 31, 2014.
Note 16. Segment Reporting
We manufacture and market primarily snack food products, including biscuits (cookies, crackers and salted snacks), chocolate, gum & candy and
various cheese & grocery products, as well as powdered beverage products. We manage our global business and report operating results through
geographic units.
Our operations and management structure are organized into four reportable operating segments:
0 Latin America
0 AMEA
0 Europe
0 North America
On October 1, 2016, we integrated our EEMEA operating segment into our Europe and Asia Paciﬁc operating segments to further leverage and
optimize the operating scale built within the Europe and Asia Pacific regions. Russia, Ukraine, Turkey, Belarus, Georgia and Kazakhstan were
combined within our Europe operating segment, while the remaining Middle East and African countries were combined within our Asia Paciﬁc region
to form the AMEA regional operating segment. We have reﬂected the segment change as if it had occurred in all periods presented.
We manage our operations by region to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively
and pursue growth opportunities as they arise in our key markets. Our regional management teams have responsibility for the business, product
categories and ﬁnancial results in the regions.
Historically, we have recorded income from equity method investments within our operating income as these investments were part of our base
business. Beginning in the third quarter of 2015, to align with the accounting for our new coffee equity method investment in JDE, we began to record
the earnings from our equity method investments in equity method investment earnings outside of segment operating income. For the six months
ended December 31, 2015, after-tax equity method investment net earnings were less than $1 million on a combined basis. Earnings from equity
method investments through July 2, 2015 recorded within segment operating income were $52 million in AMEA and $4 million in North America. For
the year ended December 31, 2014, these earnings were $104 million in AMEA and $9 million in North America. See Note 1, Summary of Signiﬁcant
Accounting Policies — Principles of Consolidation, and Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions , for additional information.
In 2015, we also began to report stock-based compensation for our corporate employees within general corporate expenses that were reported
within our North America region. We reclassiﬁed $32 million of corporate stock-based compensation expense in 2015 from the North America
segment to general corporate expenses.
We use segment operating income to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. We believe it is appropriate to disclose this measure to
help investors analyze segment performance and trends. Segment operating income excludes unrealized gains and losses on hedging activities
(which are a component of cost of sales), general corporate expenses (which are a component of selling, general and administrative expenses),
amortization of intangibles, gains and losses on divestitures or acquisitions, gain on the JDE coffee business transactions, loss on deconsolidation of
Venezuela and acquisition-related costs (which are a component of selling, general and administrative expenses) in all periods presented. We
exclude these items from segment operating income in order to provide better transparency of our segment operating results. Furthermore, we
centrally manage interest and other expense, net. Accordingly, we do not present these items by segment because they are excluded from the
segment proﬁtability measure that management reviews.
111