Iable,of,Contents
Volatility in the global capital markets may increase the risk that we are required to make additional cash contributions to the pension plans and
recognize further increases in our net periodic pension cost.
Due to our participation in multi-employer pension plans, we may have exposure under those plans that extends beyond what our obligation would
be with respect to our employees. Our contributions to a multi-employer plan may increase beyond our bargaining obligations depending on the
ﬁnancial condition of the multi-employer plan. We may be required to participate in funding the unfunded obligations of the plan allocable to a
withdrawing employer, and our costs might increase as a result. Further, if we partially or completely withdraw from a multi-employer pension plan,
we may be required to pay a partial or complete withdrawal liability. This withdrawal liability will generally increase if there is also a mass withdrawal
of other participating employers or if the plan terminates. (See Note 9, Beneﬁt Plans , to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for more information
on our multi-employer pension plans.)
A signiﬁcant increase in our pension beneﬁt obligations or funding requirements could curtail our ability to invest in the business and adversely affect
our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
Our failure to protect our valuable intellectual property rights could reduce the value of our products and brands.
We consider our intellectual property rights, particularly and most notably our trademarks, but also our patents, trade secrets, copyrights and
licensing agreements, to be a signiﬁcant and valuable part of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights by taking advantage
of a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws in various countries, as well as licensing agreements, third party
nondisclosure and assignment agreements and policing of third party misuses of our intellectual property. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect
our intellectual property rights, or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual
property, may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business.
We may be unaware of third party claims of intellectual property infringement relating to our technology, brands or products. Any litigation regarding
patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert management’s and other key personnel’s attention from
our business operations. Third party claims of intellectual property infringement might require us to pay monetary damages or enter into costly
license agreements. We also may be subject to injunctions against development and sale of certain of our products. Any of these occurrences could
materially and adversely affect our reputation, product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
Item 13. Unresolved Staff Comments.
None.
17