SECTION 9.08 Designated Subsidiaries .
(a) Designation . Mondelez may at any time, and from time to time after the Effective Date, by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a
Designation Agreement duly executed by Mondelez and the respective Subsidiary and substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto, designate such Subsidiary as a
“Designated Subsidiary” for purposes of this Agreement and such Subsidiary shall thereupon become a “Designated Subsidiary” for purposes of this Agreement
and, as such, shall have all of the rights and obligations of a Borrower hereunder. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of each such
designation by Mondelez and the identity of the respective Subsidiary.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Lender shall be required to make Advances to a Designated Subsidiary in the event that the making of such
Advances would or could reasonably be expected to breach, Violate or otherwise be inconsistent with any internal policy (other than with respect to Designated
Subsidiaries formed under the laws of any nation that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development as of the date hereof), law or
regulation to which such Lender is, or would be upon the making of such Advance, subject. In addition, each Lender shall have the right to make any Advances to
any Designated Subsidiary that is a Foreign Subsidiary of Mondeléz through an affiliate or non-US. branch of such Lender designated by such Lender at its sole
option; provided such designation and Advance does not, in and of itself, subject the Borrowers to greater costs pursuant to Section 2.12 or 2.15 than would have
been payable if such Lender made such Advance directly.
(b) Termination . Upon the payment and performance in full of all of the indebtedness, liabilities and obligations under this Agreement of any
Designated Subsidiary then, so long as at the time no Notice of Pro Rata Borrowing or Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing in respect of such Designated
Subsidiary is outstanding, such Subsidiary’s status as a “Designated Subsidiary” shall terminate upon notice to such effect from the Administrative Agent to the
Lenders (which notice the Administrative Agent shall give promptly, upon and only upon its receipt of a request therefor from Mondeléz). Thereafter, the Lenders
shall be under no further obligation to make any Advance hereunder to such former Designated Subsidiary until such time as it has been redesignated a Designated
Subsidiary by Mondelez pursuant to Section 9.08(a).
SECTION 9.09 Governing Law . This Agreement and the Notes shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the substantive laws of the
State of New York without regard to choice of law doctrines.
-59-