Iable,of,ContentS
Employee Beneﬁt Plans:
We provide a range of beneﬁts to our current and retired employees. These include pension beneﬁts, postretirement health care beneﬁts and
postemployment benefits depending upon jurisdiction, tenure, job level and other factors. Local statutory requirements govern many of the benefit
plans we provide around the world. Local government plans generally cover health care beneﬁts for retirees outside the United States, Canada and
United Kingdom. Our U.S., Canadian and UK. subsidiaries provide health care and other beneﬁts to most retired employees. Our postemployment
beneﬁt plans provide primarily severance benefits for eligible salaried and certain hourly employees. The cost for these plans is recognized in
earnings primarily over the working life of the covered employee.
Financial Instruments:
We use financial instruments to manage our currency exchange rate, commodity price and interest rate risks. We monitor and manage these
exposures as part of our overall risk management program, which focuses on the unpredictability of ﬁnancial markets and seeks to reduce the
potentially adverse effects that the volatility of these markets may have on our operating results. A principal objective of our risk management
strategies is to reduce signiﬁcant, unanticipated earnings ﬂuctuations that may arise from volatility in currency exchange rates, commodity prices and
interest rates, principally through the use of derivative instruments.
We use a combination of primarily currency forward contracts, futures, options and swaps; commodity forward contracts, futures and options; and
interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to cash flow variability, protect the value of our existing currency assets and liabilities and protect the
value of our debt. See Note 8, Financial Instruments, for more information on the types of derivative instruments we use.
We record derivative ﬁnancial instruments on a gross basis and at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets within other current assets or other
current liabilities due to their relatively short-term duration. Cash ﬂows from derivative instruments are classiﬁed in the consolidated statements of
cash ﬂows based on the nature of the derivative instrument. Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as a cash ﬂow hedge, to the
extent that the hedge is effective, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive earnings / (losses) and reclassiﬁed to earnings when the
hedged item affects earnings. Changes in fair value of economic hedges and the ineffective portion of all hedges are recognized in current period
earnings. Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as a fair value hedge, along with the changes in the fair value of the related
hedged asset or liability, are recorded in earnings in the same period. We use non-U.S. dollar denominated debt to hedge a portion of our net
investment in non-U.S. operations against adverse movements in exchange rates, with currency movements related to the debt and net investment
and the related deferred taxes recorded within currency translation adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive earnings / (losses).
In order to qualify for hedge accounting, a speciﬁed level of hedging effectiveness between the derivative instrument and the item being hedged must
exist at inception and throughout the hedged period. We must also formally document the nature of and relationship between the derivative and the
hedged item, as well as our risk management objectives, strategies for undertaking the hedge transaction and method of assessing hedge
effectiveness. Additionally, for a hedge of a forecasted transaction, the significant characteristics and expected term of the forecasted transaction
must be speciﬁcally identiﬁed, and it must be probable that the forecasted transaction will occur. If it is no longer probable that the hedged forecasted
transaction will occur, we would recognize the gain or loss related to the derivative in earnings.
When we use derivatives, we are exposed to credit and market risks. Credit risk exists when a counterparty to a derivative contract might fail to fulﬁll
its performance obligations under the contract. We reduce our credit risk by entering into transactions with counterparties with high quality,
investment grade credit ratings, limiting the amount of exposure with each counterparty and monitoring the financial condition of our counterparties.
We also maintain a policy of requiring that all signiﬁcant, non-exchange traded derivative contracts with a duration of one year or longer are governed
by an International Swaps and Derivatives Association master agreement. Market risk exists when the value of a derivative or other financial
instrument might be adversely affected by changes in market conditions and commodity prices, currency exchange rates or interest rates. We
manage derivative market risk by limiting the types of derivative instruments and derivative strategies we use and the degree of market risk that we
plan to hedge through the use of derivative instruments.
Commodity cash flow hedges . We are exposed to price risk related to forecasted purchases of certain commodities that we primarily use as raw
materials. We enter into commodity forward contracts primarily for wheat, sugar and other sweeteners, soybean and vegetable oils and cocoa.
Commodity forward contracts generally are not subject to the accounting requirements for derivative instruments and hedging activities under the
normal purchases exception. We also use commodity futures and options to hedge the price of certain input costs, including cocoa, energy costs,
sugar and other sweeteners, wheat, packaging, dairy, corn, and soybean and vegetable oils. Some of these derivative instruments are highly
effective and qualify for hedge accounting treatment. We also sell commodity futures to unprice future purchase commitments, and we occasionally
use related futures to cross-hedge a commodity exposure. We are not a party to leveraged derivatives and, by policy, do not use ﬁnancial
instruments for speculative purposes.
71