“ Single Emplgyer Plan ” means a single employer plan, as deﬁned in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained for employees of any
Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and no Person other than such Borrower and the ERISA Afﬁliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which such
Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate could have liability under Section 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated.
“ Standard & Poor’s ” means Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC business, and any successor thereto.
“ Subsidiary: of any Person means any Person of which (or in which) more than 50% of the outstanding capital stock having voting power to elect a
majority of the Board of Directors of such Person (irrespective of whether at the time capital stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall or might
have voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person, by such Person and one or more
of its other Subsidiaries or by one or more of such Person’s other Subsidiaries.
“ Taxes ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a).
“ IerminationDate,” means the earlier of October 14, 2021, subject to the extension thereof pursuant to Section 2.10(b), and the date of termination in
whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.10(a) or 6.02.
“ IotaLShareholdersLquty: means total shareholders’ equity, as reﬂected on the consolidated balance sheet of Mondeléz and its Subsidiaries
(excluding (a) accumulated other comprehensive income or losses, (b) the cumulative effects of any changes in accounting principles, including in connection with
any adoption of “mark-to-market” accounting in respect of pension and other retirement plans of Mondeléz and its Subsidiaries, and (c) if
“mark-to-market” accounting in respect of such pension and other retirement plans is so adopted, any income or losses recognized in connection with the ongoing
application thereof).
“ Write-Down and Conversion Powers ” means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EBA
Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EBA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are
described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.
SECTION 1.02 ComputationofiTimePeriods,. In this Agreement in the computation of periods of time from a speciﬁed date to a later speciﬁed
date, the word “from” means “from and including” and the words “to” and “until” each mean “to but excluding.”
SECTION 1.03 Accounting Terms . All accounting terms not speciﬁcally deﬁned herein shall be construed in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (subject to the exceptions set forth in this Section 1.03, “ GAAB”), except that if there has been a material
change in an accounting principle affecting the definition of an accounting term as compared to that applied in the preparation of the ﬁnancial statements of
Mondelez as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015, then such new accounting principle shall not be used in the determination of the amount associated with
that accounting term. A material change in an accounting principle is one that, in the year of its adoption, changes the amount associated with the relevant
accounting term for any quarter in such year by more than 10%.
-14-