(b) In addition, the Borrower or Mondeléz shall pay any present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges,
irrecoverable value-added tax or similar levies (other than Taxes, or taxes referred to in Section 2.15(a)(i) to (v)) that arise from any payment made hereunder or
from the execution, delivery or registration of, performing under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or a Note other than any such taxes imposed by
reason of an Assignment and Acceptance (hereinafter referred to as “ Other Taxes ”).
(c) The Borrower or Mondeléz, as applicable, shall indemnify each Lender and the Administrative Agent for and hold it harmless against the full
amount of Taxes or Other Taxes (including, without limitation, Taxes and Other Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 2.15)
payable by such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be), and any liability (including penalties, interest, additions to taxes and expenses) arising
therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally asserted. This indemnification shall be made within 30 days
from the date such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be), makes written demand therefor.
((1) As soon as practicable after the date of any payment of Taxes or Other Taxes, the Borrower or Mondeléz, as applicable, shall furnish to the
Administrative Agent, at its address referred to in Section 9.02, the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing such payment or other evidence of such
payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
(e) Each Lender, on or prior to the date of its execution and delivery of this Agreement in the case of each Initial Lender and on the date of the
Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it becomes a Lender in the case of each other Lender, shall provide each of the Administrative Agent, Mondeléz and
the Borrower with any form or certificate that is required by any US. federal taxing authority to certify such Lender’s entitlement to any applicable exemption from
or reduction in, US. federal withholding tax in respect of any payments hereunder or under any Note (including, if applicable, two original Internal Revenue
Service Forms W-9, W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E or W—8ECI, as apprOpriate, or any successor or other form prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service or to the extent a
Non-US. Lender is not the beneficial owner (for example, where the Non-US. Lender is a partnership or participating Lender granting a participation in
accordance with the provisions of Section 9.07(e)), two original Internal Revenue Service Form W-SIMY, accompanied by any applicable certification documents
from each beneficial owner) and any other documentation reasonably requested by Mondeléz, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, each such
Lender shall provide additional forms or certificates (i) to the extent a form or certificate previously provided has become inaccurate or invalid or has otherwise
ceased to be effective or (ii) as requested in writing by Mondeléz, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent or, if such Lender no longer qualifies for the applicable
exemption from or reduction in, US. federal withholding tax, promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower of its inability to do so. Unless the
Borrower, Mondeléz and the Administrative Agent have received forms or other documents from each Lender satisfactory to them indicating that payments
hereunder or under any Note are not subject to US. federal withholding tax or are subject to US. federal withholding tax at a rate reduced by an applicable tax
treaty, the Borrower, Mondeléz or the Administrative Agent shall withhold such US. federal withholding tax from such payments at the applicable statutory rate in
the case of payments to or for such Lender and the Borrower or Mondeléz, as applicable, shall pay additional amounts to the extent required by paragraph (a) of this
Section 2.15 (subject to the exceptions contained in this Section 2.15).
-24-