(b) Other Fees . Mondeléz shall pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account or for the accounts of the Joint Lead Arrangers or Lenders, as
applicable, such fees, and at such times, as shall have been separately agreed between Mondeléz and the Administrative Agent or the Joint Lead Arrangers.
SECTION 2.10 thionaLTerminationoriReductioniofiCommitments,and,ExtensionofiTerminationDate,.
(a) QptionaLTermination,oriReduction,ofiCommitments,. Mondeléz shall have the right, upon at least three Business Days’ notice to the
Administrative Agent, to terminate in whole or reduce ratably in part the unused portions of the respective Commitments of the Lenders; providedthat each partial
reduction shall be in the aggregate amount of no less than $50,000,000 or the remaining balance if less than $50,000,000, and provided further that the aggregate
amount of the Commitments of the Lenders shall not be reduced to an amount that is less than the aggregate principal amount of the Competitive Bid Advances
then outstanding.
(b) Extension of Termination Date . (i) At least 30 days but not more than 60 days prior to each anniversary of the Effective Date (any such
applicable anniversary of the Effective Date, the “ ExtensionDatef), Mondeléz, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, may request that each Lender
extend the Termination Date for such Lender’s Commitment for an additional one-year period.
(ii) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of such request and each Lender shall then, in its sole discretion, notify Mondeléz
and the Administrative Agent in writing no later than 20 days prior to the Extension Date whether such Lender will consent to the extension (each such
Lender consenting to the extension, an “ Extending Lender ”). The failure of any Lender to notify the Administrative Agent of its intent to consent to any
extension shall be deemed a rejection by such Lender.
(iii) Subject to satisfaction of the conditions in Section 3.03(a) and (b) as of the Extension Date, the Termination Date in effect at such time shall be
extended for an additional one-year period; proxided, howeven, that (A) no such extension shall be effective (1) unless the Required Lenders agree thereto
and (2) as to any Lender that does not agree to such extension (any such Lender, a “ Non-Extending Lender ”) and (B) Mondeléz may only request an
extension of the Termination Date on the first two anniversaries of the Effective Date.
(iv) To the extent that there are Non-Extending Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Extending Lenders, and each
Extending Lender may, in its sole discretion, give written notice to Mondeléz and the Administrative Agent no later than 15 days prior to the Extension Date
of the amount of the Commitments of the Non-Extending Lenders that it is willing to assume.
-24-