Iable,of,Contents
As of October 1, 2016, our operations and management structure was organized into four reportable operating segments:
0 Latin America
0 AMEA
0 Europe
0 North America
See Note 16, Segment Reporting , for additional information on our segments.
Currency Translation and Highly Inﬂationary Accounting:
We translate the results of operations of our subsidiaries from multiple currencies using average exchange rates during each period and translate
balance sheet accounts using exchange rates at the end of each period. We record currency translation adjustments as a component of equity
(except for highly inﬂationary currencies) and realized exchange gains and losses on transactions in earnings. In 2016, none of our consolidated
subsidiaries were subject to highly inflationary accounting.
United Kingdom. On June 23, 2016, the United Kingdom (“UK”) voted by referendum to exit the European Union; this vote is commonly referred to
as “Brexit.” The referendum is non-binding and the exit from the European Union is not immediate. Once the United Kingdom invokes E.U. Article 50,
there is a two-year window in which the United Kingdom and the European Commission can negotiate the future terms for imports, exports, taxes,
employment, immigration and other areas.
Brexit has caused volatility in global stock markets and currency exchange rates, affecting the markets in which we operate. The implications of
Brexit could adversely affect demand for our products, our ﬁnancial results and operations, and our relationships with customers, suppliers and
employees in the short or long-term. On June 24, 2016, the value of the British pound sterling relative to the US. dollar fell by 9%. Since that date,
the value of the British pound sterling relative to the US. dollar declined an additional 11% through December 31, 2016. Further volatility in the
exchange rate is expected over the transition period.
As the business operating environment remains uncertain, we continue to monitor our investments and currency exposures abroad. As the United
Kingdom is not a highly-inﬂationary economy, we record currency translation adjustments within equity and realized exchange gains and losses on
transactions in earnings. While we did not experience signiﬁcant business disruptions in our UK. businesses immediately following the referendum,
the devaluation of the British pound sterling in 2016 adversely affected our translated results reported in US. dollars. We have a natural hedge in the
form of pound sterling-denominated debt that acts as a net investment hedge, moving counter to adverse pound sterling currency translation
impacts. British pound sterling currency transaction risks are largely mitigated due to our global chocolate businesses buying cocoa in British pound
sterling. Our U.K. operations contributed $2.2 billion, or 8.6% of consolidated net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2016.
Venezuela. From January 1, 2010 through December 31, 2015, we accounted for the results of our Venezuelan subsidiaries using the US. dollar as
the functional currency as prescribed by US. GAAP for highly inﬂationary economies.
Effective as of the close of the 2015 ﬁscal year, we concluded that we no longer met the accounting criteria for consolidation of our Venezuelan
subsidiaries due to a loss of control over our Venezuelan operations and an other-than-temporary lack of currency exchangeability. During the fourth
quarter of 2015, representatives of the Venezuelan government arbitrarily imposed pricing restrictions on our local operations that resulted in our
inability to recover operating costs. We immediately began an appeal process with the Venezuelan authorities to demonstrate that our pricing was in
line with the regulatory requirements. In January 2016, local ofﬁcials communicated that some of the pricing restrictions had been lifted; however, the
legally required administrative order had not been issued and it was uncertain when it would be issued. The legal and regulatory environment also
became more unreliable. While we had been complying with the Venezuelan law governing pricing and proﬁtability controls and followed the legal
process for appeal, the appeal process was not available to us as outlined under law. Additionally, we were increasingly facing issues procuring raw
materials and packaging. Taken together, these actions, the economic environment in Venezuela and the progressively limited access to dollars to
import goods through the use of any of the available currency mechanisms impaired our ability to operate and control our Venezuelan businesses.
As a result of these factors, we concluded that we no longer met the criteria for the consolidation of our Venezuelan subsidiaries.
67