IablepﬂContents
We may decide or be required to recall products or be subjected to product liability claims.
We could decide, or laws or regulations could require us, to recall products due to suspected or conﬁrmed and deliberate or unintentional product
contamination, spoilage or other adulteration, product mislabeling or product tampering. In addition, if another company recalls or experiences
negative publicity related to a product in a category in which we compete, consumers might reduce their overall consumption of products in this
category. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our reputation, brands, product sales, ﬁnancial condition and results of
operations.
We may also suffer losses if our products or operations or those of our suppliers violate applicable laws or regulations, or if our or our suppliers’
products cause injury, illness or death. In addition, our marketing could face claims of false or deceptive advertising or other criticism. A significant
product liability or other legal judgment against us, a related regulatory enforcement action, a widespread product recall or attempts to manipulate us
based on threats related to the safety of our products could materially and adversely affect our reputation and profitability. Moreover, even if a
product liability, consumer fraud or other claim is unsuccessful, has no merit or is not pursued, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against
our products or processes could materially and adversely affect our reputation, brands, product sales, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
We could be subject to legal or tax claims or other regulatory enforcement actions.
We are a large snack food company operating in highly regulated environments and constantly evolving legal, tax and regulatory frameworks around
the world. Consequently, we are subject to greater risk of litigation, legal or tax claims, or other regulatory enforcement actions. There can be no
assurance that our employees, contractors or agents will not violate policies and procedures we have implemented to promote compliance with
existing laws and regulations. Moreover, our failure to maintain effective control environment processes, including in connection with the
development of our global shared services capability, could lead to violations, unintentional or othen/vise, of laws and regulations. Litigation, legal or
tax claims, or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or controls could
subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our reputation, product sales, ﬁnancial condition and results of
operations.
We may not successfully identify, complete or manage strategic transactions.
We regularly evaluate a variety of potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, equity method investments and
other strategic alliances that could further our strategic business objectives. We may not successfully identify, complete or manage the risks
presented by these strategic transactions. Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to identify suitable transactions; negotiate favorable
contractual terms; comply with applicable regulations and receive necessary consents, clearances and approvals (including regulatory and antitrust
clearances and approvals); integrate or separate businesses; realize the full extent of the beneﬁts, cost savings or synergies presented by strategic
transactions; effectively implement control environment processes with employees joining us as a result of a transaction; minimize adverse effects on
existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; achieve accurate estimates of fair value; minimize potential loss of customers or key
employees; and minimize indemnities and potential disputes with buyers, sellers and strategic partners. In addition, execution or oversight of
strategic transactions may result in the diversion of management attention from our existing business and may present ﬁnancial, managerial and
operational risks.
V\ﬁth respect to acquisitions and joint ventures in particular, we are also exposed to potential risks based on our ability to conform standards,
controls, policies and procedures, and business cultures; consolidate and streamline operations and infrastructures; identify and eliminate redundant
and underperforming operations and assets; manage inefﬁciencies associated with the integration of operations; and coordinate antitrust and
competition laws in the United States, the European Union and otherjurisdictions. Joint ventures and similar strategic alliances pose additional risks,
as we share ownership and management responsibilities with one or more other parties who may not have the same objectives, priorities, strategies
or resources as we do. Strategic alliances we have entered into include combining our wholly owned coffee businesses with those of DE Master
Blenders 1753 B.V. (“DEMB”) to create a new company, Jacobs Douwe Egberts (“JDE”), in July 2015 and exchanging a portion of our equity
ownership in JDE for equity in the new holding company of Keurig Green Mountain, lnc. (“Keurig”) in March 2016. Transactions or ventures into
which we enter might not meet our ﬁnancial and non-ﬁnancial control and compliance expectations or yield the anticipated beneﬁts. Depending on
the nature of the business ventures, including whether they operate globally, these ventures could also be subject to many of the same risks we are,
including political, economic and regulatory risks, currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations, and volatility of commodity and other input prices. Either
partner might fail to recognize alliance relationships that could expose the business to higher risk or make the venture not as productive as expected.
14