((1) Judicial Amendment: Abelenda and MIH acknowledge the reasonableness of the agreements set forth in this Section 6 and the specifically
acknowledge the reasonableness of the geographic area, duration of time and subject matter that are part of the covenant not to compete contained in Section 6(a)
(i)-(ii). Abelenda further acknowledges that Abelenda’s skills are such that Abelenda can be gainfully employed in noncompetitive employment and that the parties’
agreement not to compete will in no manner prevent Abelenda from earning a living. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event it is judicially determined that any
of the limitations contained in this Section 6 are unreasonable, illegal or offensive under any applicable law and may not be enforced as agreed herein, the parties
agree that the unreasonable, illegal or offensive portions of this Section 6, whether they relate to duration, area or subject matter, shall be and hereby are revised to
conform with all applicable laws and that this Agreement, as modified, shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be rendered void or illegal.
7. This Agreement to Be Kept Conﬁdential : Abelenda understands that this Agreement is unique to him and he agrees that it is confidential and that he
will not disclose this Agreement or its terms to anyone other than (a) his legal or tax advisor, (b) his immediate family, (0) in a legal action to enforce the terms of
this Agreement, (d) the EEOC or similar state or local FEPA in connection with the ﬁling or investigation of a charge, or (e) as ordered or required by law.
Abelenda further agrees that if he discloses the existence of terms of this Agreement to anyone under (a) or (b) above, he will inform them of the confidentiality
requirements of this Section and require that they agree to be bound by such requirements. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Abelenda from
reporting conduct to, providing truthful information to or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any federal, state or local government
agency or self-regulatory organization.
8. NollisparagementnnHartm,: Abelenda agrees that, in discussing his relationship with MIH and its affiliated and parent companies and their business
and affairs, he will not disparage, discredit or otherwise treat in a detrimental manner MIH, its affiliated and parent companies or their officers, directors and
employees. This Section does not, in any way, restrict or impede Abelenda from exercising protected rights including the right to communicate with any federal,
state, or local agency or self-regulatory organization, including any with which a charge has been filed, to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by
agreement, or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency,
provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation or order. Abelenda shall promptly provide written notice of any such order to
MIH’s legal department.
ABELENDA RETIREMENT AGREEMENT
Page 5 of 9