Iable,of,Contents
We conduct marketing efforts through three principal sets of activities: (i) consumer marketing and advertising including on-air, print, outdoor, digital
and social media and other product promotions; (ii) consumer sales incentives such as coupons and rebates; and (iii) trade promotions to support
price features, displays and other merchandising of our products by our customers.
Raw Materials and Packaging
We purchase and use large quantities of commodities, including cocoa, dairy, wheat, corn products, palm and other vegetable oils, sugar and other
sweeteners and nuts. In addition, we purchase and use signiﬁcant quantities of packaging materials to package our products and natural gas, fuels
and electricity for our factories and warehouses. We monitor worldwide supply, commodity cost and currency trends so we can cost-effectively
secure ingredients, packaging and fuel required for production.
A number of external factors such as weather conditions, commodity market conditions, currency ﬂuctuations and the effects of governmental
agricultural or other programs affect the cost and availability of raw materials and agricultural materials used in our products. We address higher
commodity costs and currency impacts primarily through hedging, higher pricing and manufacturing and overhead cost control. We use hedging
techniques to limit the impact of ﬂuctuations in the cost of our principal raw materials; however, we may not be able to fully hedge against commodity
cost changes, and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increases in speciﬁc raw material costs.
While the costs of our principal raw materials fluctuate, we believe there will continue to be an adequate supply of the raw materials we use and that
they will generally remain available from numerous sources. For additional information on our commodity costs, refer to the Commodity Trends
section within Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .
Intellectual Property
Our intellectual property rights (including trademarks, patents, copyrights, registered designs, proprietary trade secrets, technology and know-how)
are material to our business.
We own numerous trademarks and patents in many countries around the world. Depending on the country, trademarks remain valid for as long as
they are in use or their registration status is maintained. Trademark registrations generally are for renewable, ﬁxed terms. We also have patents for a
number of current and potential products. Our patents cover inventions ranging from basic packaging techniques to processes relating to speciﬁc
products and to the products themselves. Our issued patents extend for varying periods according to the date of patent application ﬁling or grant and
the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. The actual protection afforded by a patent, which can vary from
country to country, depends upon the type of patent, the scope of its coverage as determined by the patent ofﬁce or courts in the country, and the
availability of legal remedies in the country. While our patent portfolio is material to our business, the loss of one patent or a group of related patents
would not have a material adverse effect on our business.
From time to time, we grant third parties licenses to use one or more of our trademarks in connection with the manufacture, sale or distribution of
third party products. Similarly, we sell some products under brands we license from third parties. In our agreement with Kraft Foods Group, Inc.
(“Kraft Foods Group,” which is now part of The Kraft Heinz Company), we each granted the other party various licenses to use certain of our and
their respective intellectual property rights in named jurisdictions following the spin-off of our North American grocery business.
Research and Development
We pursue four objectives in research and development: product safety and quality, growth through new products, superior consumer satisfaction
and reduced costs. Our innovation efforts focus on anticipating consumer demands and adapting quickly to changing market trends. Wellness
products and healthy snacking are a signiﬁcant focus of our current research and development initiatives. These initiatives aim to accelerate our
growth and margins by addressing consumer needs and market trends and leveraging our global innovation platforms, Power Brands and
breakthrough technologies. In September 2016, we announced our plan to invest $65 million over 2017-2018 to build out and modernize our network
of global research and development facilities. We are focusing our technical resources at nine large locations to drive global growth and innovation.
These global hubs will enable greater effectiveness, improved efﬁciency and accelerated project delivery. These locations are in Curitiba, Brazil;
Suzhou, China; Thane, India; Mexico City, Mexico; East Hanover, New Jersey; Wroclaw, Poland; Jurong, Singapore; Bournville, United Kingdom and
Reading, United Kingdom.
5