SECTION 2.05 Additional Interest on LIBO Rate Advances . Each Borrower shall pay to each Lender, so long as such Lender shall be required
under regulations of the Board to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency Liabilities, additional interest on the
unpaid principal amount of each LIBO Rate Advance of such Lender to such Borrower, from the date of such Advance until such principal amount is paid in full, at
an interest rate per annum equal at all times to the remainder obtained by subtracting (i) the LIBO Rate for the Interest Period for such Advance from (ii) the rate
obtained by dividing such LIBO Rate by a percentage equal to 100% minus the Eurocurrency Rate Reserve Percentage of such Lender for such Interest Period,
payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Advance. Such additional interest shall be determined by such Lender and notiﬁed to Mondeléz through
the Administrative Agent.
SECTION 2.06 Conversion of Pro Rata Advances .
(a) Conversion upon Absence of Interest Period . If any Borrower (or Mondeléz on behalf of any other Borrower) shall fail to select the duration of
any Interest Period for any LIBO Rate Advances in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of the term “Interest Period,” the Administrative
Agent will forthwith so notify such Borrower and the Lenders and such Advances will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor,
Convert into Base Rate Advances.
(b) Conversion upon Event of Default . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default under Section 6.01(a), the
Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may elect that (i) each LIBO Rate Advance be, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor,
Converted into Base Rate Advances and (ii) the obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Advances into LIBO Rate Advances be suspended.
(c) KoluntaryLConversion. Subject to the provisions of Sections 2.06(b), 2.08(c) and 2.13, any Borrower may Convert all of its Pro Rata Advances
of one Type constituting the same Pro Rata Borrowing into Advances of the other Type on any Business Day, upon notice given to the Administrative Agent not
later than 11:00 am. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Conversion; provided , however , that the Conversion of a
LIBO Rate Advance into a Base Rate Advance may be made on, and only on, the last day of an Interest Period for such LIBO Rate Advance. Each such notice of a
Conversion shall, within the restrictions specified above, specify
(i) the date of such Conversion;
(ii) the Pro Rata Advances to be Converted; and
(iii) if such Conversion is into LIBO Rate Advances, the duration of the Interest Period for each such Pro Rata Advance.
-18-