We considered the historical trends in currency exchange rates and determined that it was reasonably possible that adverse
changes in exchange rates of 10% for all currencies could be experienced in the near term. These reasonably possible adverse changes
in exchange rates of 10% were applied to total monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional
currencies as of December 31, 2016 to compute the adverse impact these changes would have had on our income before income taxes
in the near term. These changes would have resulted in an adverse impact on income before income taxes of approximately $41.6
million, recorded to other income (expense), net, principally from intercompany and cash balances.
In November 2015, we implemented a program to hedge the foreign currency exposure risk related to certain forecasted
inventory purchases denominated in Japanese yen. The derivative instruments we use are foreign currency forward contracts and are
designated as cash ﬂow hedges with maturity dates of 12 months or less. We do not enter into derivative contracts for trading or
speculative purposes. We document each hedge relationship and assess its initial effectiveness at the inception of the hedge contract
and we measure its ongoing effectiveness on a quarterly basis using regression analysis. During the term of an effective hedge
contract, we record gains and losses within accumulated other comprehensive loss. We reclassify these gains or losses to costs of
automotive sales in the period the related finished goods inventory is sold or over the depreciation period for those sales accounted for
as leases. Although our contracts are considered effective hedges, we may experience small amounts of ineffectiveness due to timing
differences between our actual inventory purchases and the settlement date of the related foreign currency forward contracts.
Ineffectiveness related to the hedges is immaterial as of December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2016, we have no outstanding
foreign currency forward contracts, and had recorded a cumulative gain of $5.6 million to AOCI related to our outstanding foreign
currency cash ﬂow hedges.
Interest Rate Risk
We had cash and cash equivalents totaling $3.4 billion as of December 31, 2016. A significant portion of our cash equivalents
were invested in money market funds. Cash and cash equivalents are held for working capital purposes. We do not enter into
investments for trading or speculative purposes. We do not have any material exposure to changes in the fair value of our cash
equivalents as a result of changes in interest rates due to the short-term nature of our cash equivalents.
We are exposed to interest rate risk for our borrowings that bear interest at ﬂoating rates plus a speciﬁed margin. Pursuant to our
risk management policies, in certain cases, we utilize derivative instruments to manage some of our exposures to ﬂuctuations in
interest rates on certain ﬂoating-rate debt. We do not enter into any derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. In
particular, a hypothetical 10% change in our interest rates would have immaterial impact on interest expense for the year ended
December 31, 2016.
52