As of December 31, 2016, the market conditions for seven vesting tranches and the following performance milestones were
achieved and approved by our Board of Directors, and therefore five of ten tranches of the 2012 CEO Grant were vested as of such
date:
0 Successful completion of the Model X Alpha Prototype;
0 Successful completion of the Model X Beta Prototype;
0 Completion of the first Model X Production Vehicle;
0 Aggregate vehicle production of 100,000 vehicles; and
0 Successful completion of the Model 3 Alpha Prototype.
As of December 31, 2016, the following performance milestones were considered probable of achievement:
0 Successful completion of the Model 3 Beta Prototype;
0 Completion of the ﬁrst Model 3 Production Vehicle;
0 Aggregate vehicle production of 200,000 vehicles; and
0 Aggregate vehicle production of 300,000 vehicles.
We expect that the next performance milestone to be achieved will be the successful completion of the Model 3 Beta Prototype,
which would be achieved upon the determination by our Board of Directors that an eligible prototype has been completed. Candidates
for such prototype are among the vehicles that we are currently building as part of our ongoing testing of our Model 3 vehicle design
and manufacturing processes.
As the above four performance milestones were considered probable of achievement, we recorded stock-based compensation
expense of $15.8 million, $10.6 million and $25.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Additionally, no cash compensation has ever been received by our CEO for his services to the Company.
Income Taxes
We are subject to federal and state taxes in the United States and in many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required
in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our
net deferred tax assets. We make these estimates and judgments about our future taxable income that are based on assumptions that are
consistent with our future plans. Tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices may be subject to change due to economic or
political conditions including fundamental changes to the tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. The US, many countries in
the European Union, and a number of other countries are actively considering changes in this regard. As of December 31, 2016, we
had recorded a full valuation allowance on our net U.S. deferred tax assets because we expect that it is more likely than not that our
US. deferred tax assets will not be realized in the foreseeable future. Should the actual amounts differ from our estimates, the amount
of our valuation allowance could be materially impacted.
Furthermore, significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions. In the ordinary course of business, there are many
transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax settlement is uncertain. As a result, we recognize the effect of this uncertainty
on our tax attributes based on our estimates of the eventual outcome. These effects are recognized when, despite our belief that our tax
return positions are supportable, we believe that it is more likely than not that those positions may not be fully sustained upon review
by tax authorities. We are required to file income tax returns in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions, which requires us
to interpret the applicable tax laws and regulations in effect in such jurisdictions. Such returns are subject to audit by the various
federal, state and foreign taxing authorities, who may disagree with respect to our tax positions. We believe that our consideration is
adequate for all open audit years based on our assessment of many factors, including past experience and interpretations of tax law.
We review and update our estimates in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, the lapse of a
statute of limitations or a change in estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters differs from our expectations,
such differences may impact income tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. The eventual impact on our
income tax expense depends in part if we still have a valuation allowance recorded against our deferred tax assets in the period that
such determination is made.
42