Nevada Tax Incentives
In connection with the construction of Gigafactory l in Nevada, we have entered into agreements with the State of Nevada and
Storey County in Nevada that will provide abatements for sales and use taxes, real and personal property taxes, and employer excise
taxes, discounts to the base tariff energy rates, and transferable tax credits. These incentives are available for the applicable periods
ending on June 30, 2034, subject to capital investments by Tesla and its partners for Gigafactory l of at least $3.5 billion in the
aggregate on or before June 30, 2024, and certain other conditions specified in the agreements. If we do not satisfy one or more
conditions under the agreements, Tesla will be required to repay to the respective taxing authorities the amounts of the tax incentives
incurred, plus interest.
Tesla Regulatory Credits
In connection with the production, delivery and placement into service of our zero emission vehicles, charging infrastructure
and solar systems in global markets, we have earned and will continue to earn various tradable regulatory credits. We have sold these
credits, and will continue to sell future credits, to automotive companies and regulated entities. For example, under California’s Zero-
Emission Vehicle Regulation and those of states that have adopted California’s standard, vehicle manufacturers are required to earn or
purchase credits for compliance with their annual regulatory requirements. These laws provide that automakers may bank excess
credits, referred to as ZEV credits, if they earn more credits than the minimum quantity required by those laws. Manufacturers with a
surplus of credits may sell their credits to other regulated parties. Pursuant to the US. Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA)
national greenhouse gas (GHG) emission standards and similar standards adopted by the Canadian government, car and truck
manufacturers are required to meet ﬂeet-wide average carbon dioxide emissions standards. Manufacturers may sell excess credits to
other manufacturers, who can use the credits to comply with these regulatory requirements. Many US. states have also adopted
procurement requirements for renewable energy production. These requirements enable companies deploying solar energy to earn
tradable credits known as Solar Renewable Energy Certificates (SRECS).
Regalation— Vehicle Safety and Testing
Our vehicles are subject to, and comply with or are otherwise exempt from, numerous regulatory requirements established by
NHTSA, including all applicable United States Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards (FMVSS). Model S and Model X fully
comply with all FMVSSS without the need for any exemptions, and we expect future Tesla vehicles to also fully comply.
As a manufacturer, we must self-certify that our vehicles meet all applicable FMVSS, as well as the NHTSA bumper standard,
or otherwise are exempt, before the vehicles can be imported or sold in the United States. Numerous FMVSS apply to our vehicles,
such as crash-worthiness requirements, crash avoidance requirements, and electric vehicle requirements. We are also required to
comply with other federal laws administered by NHTSA, including the CAFE standards, Theft Prevention Act requirements,
consumer information labeling requirements, Early Warning Reporting requirements regarding warranty claims, field reports, death
and injury reports and foreign recalls, and owner’s manual requirements.
The Automobile Information and Disclosure Act requires manufacturers of motor vehicles to disclose certain information
regarding the manufacturer’s suggested retail price, optional equipment and pricing. In addition, this law allows inclusion of city and
highway fuel economy ratings, as determined by EPA, as well as crash test ratings as determined by NHTSA if such tests are
conducted.
Our vehicles sold in outside of the US. are subject to foreign safety testing regulations. Many of those regulations are different
from the federal motor vehicle safety standards applicable in the United States and may require redesign and/or retesting.
Regulation—Batter Safety and Testing
Our battery pack conforms to mandatory regulations that govern transport of “dangerous goods”, defined to include lithium-ion
batteries, which may present a risk in transportation. The regulations vary by mode of shipping transportation, such as by ocean vessel,
rail, truck, or air. We have completed the applicable transportation tests for our battery packs, demonstrating our compliance with
applicable regulations.
We use lithium metal oxide cells in our high voltage battery packs. The cells do not contain any lead, mercury, cadmium, other
hazardous materials, heavy metals, or toxic materials. Our battery packs include certain packaging materials that contain trace
amounts of hazardous chemicals whose use, storage, and disposal is regulated under federal law. We currently have an agreement with
a third party battery recycling company to recycle our battery packs.
10