Each $1,000 of principal of the convertible senior notes is now convertible into 3.3333 shares of our common stock, which is
equivalent to a conversion price of $300.00 per share, subject to the same adjustment mechanism as discussed above. The maximum
conversion rate is capped at 4.2308 shares for each $1,000 of principal of the convertible senior notes, which is equivalent to a
minimum conversion price of $236.36 per share. The convertible senior notes do not have a cash conversion option. The convertible
senior note holders may require us to repurchase their convertible senior notes for cash only under certain deﬁned fundamental
changes. On or after June 30, 2017, the convertible senior notes will be redeemable by us in the event that the closing price of our
common stock exceeds 200% of the conversion price for 45 consecutive trading days ending within three trading days of such
redemption notice at a redemption price of par plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date
Solar Bonds
In October 2014, SolarCity commenced issuing Solar Bonds, which are senior unsecured obligations of SolarCity that are
structurally subordinate to the indebtedness and other liabilities of SolarCity’s subsidiaries. Solar Bonds have been issued under
multiple series that have various ﬁxed terms and interest rates. In September 2015, SolarCity commenced issuing Solar Bonds with
variable interest rates that reset quarterly and that can be redeemed quarterly at the option of the bondholder or us, with 30-day
advance notice.
In March 2016, Space Exploration Technologies Corporation, or SpaceX, purchased $90.0 million in aggregate principal
amount of 4.40% Solar Bonds due in March 2017. In June 2016, SpaceX purchased an additional $75.0 million in aggregate principal
amount of 4.40% Solar Bonds due in June 2017.
In August 2016, our Chief Executive Officer, SolarCity’s Chief Executive Officer and SolarCity’s Chief Technology Officer
purchased $100.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.50% Solar Bonds due in February 2018
SpaceX, our Chief Executive Officer, SolarCity’s Chief Executive Officer and SolarCity’s Chief Technology Officer were
considered related parties; SolarCity has also issued Solar Bonds to other related parties; and such Solar Bonds are separately
presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheets (see Note 21, Related Party Transactions).
Non-Recourse Debt Facilities
Canada Credit Agreement
In December 2016, we entered into a Credit Agreement with Royal Bank of Canada (the “Canada Credit Agreement”). Under
the Credit Agreement, we borrowed $67.3 million which is secured by an interest in certain vehicle leases. Amount drawn under the
Canada Credit agreement has a rate range of 3.6% to 4.5% and are subject to various customary events of default, covenants and
limitations, including an advance rate limit and a required reserve account. The term of the loan is reﬂective of the term of the
underlying vehicle leases, up to 48 months.
Warehouse Agreement
In August 2016, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the “Warehouse Agreement”) with Deutsche Bank as
administrative agent and a committed lender. Under the Warehouse Agreement, which supports the Tesla Finance direct vehicle
leasing program, and is secured by an interest in certain leases and vehicles under such program, we were initially entitled to borrow
up to $300.0 million in total principal amount. In December 2016, we amended the Warehouse Agreement and increased the total
facility limit to $600.0 million. Subject to extension in accordance with the terms of the Warehouse Agreement, the ability to draw
under the Warehouse Agreement expires on August 31, 2017, and the full amount outstanding under the Warehouse Agreement is due
September 20, 2018. As of December 31, 2016, we had $390.0 million in borrowings outstanding under the Warehouse Agreement.
Amounts drawn under the Warehouse Agreement generally bear interest at a rate based on LIBOR plus a fixed margin. We are
subject to various customary events of default and ﬁnancial, lease portfolio performance and other covenants and limitations,
including an advance rate limit, a required reserve account, and various performance triggers and excess concentration limits.
Pursuant to the Warehouse Agreement, an undivided beneﬁcial interest in the future cash ﬂows arising from certain leases and
the related leased vehicles has been sold for legal purposes but continues to be reported in our consolidated financial statements. The
interest in the future cash ﬂows arising ﬁom these leases and the related vehicles is not available to pay the claims of our creditors
other than pursuant to obligations to the lenders under the Warehouse Agreement. We retain the right to receive the excess cash ﬂows
not needed to pay obligations under the Warehouse Agreement.
86