Automobile Manufacturer and Dealer Regulation
State laws regulate the manufacture, distribution, and sale of automobiles, and generally require motor vehicle manufacturers
and dealers to be licensed in order to sell vehicles directly to consumers in the state. As we open additional Tesla stores and service
centers, we secure dealer licenses (or their equivalent) and engage in sales activities to sell our vehicles directly to consumers. A few
states, such as Michigan and Connecticut, do not permit automobile manufacturers to be licensed as dealers or to act in the capacity of
a dealer, or otherwise restrict a manufacturer’s ability to deliver or service vehicles. To sell vehicles to residents of states where we are
not licensed as a dealer, we generally conduct the sale out of the state via the internet, phone or mail. In such states, we have opened
“galleries” that serve an educational purpose and are not retail locations.
As we expand our retail footprint in the United States, some automobile dealer trade associations have both challenged the
legality of our operations in court and used administrative and legislative processes to attempt to prohibit or limit our ability to operate
existing stores or expand to new locations. We expect that the dealer associations will continue to mount challenges to our business
model. In addition, we expect the dealer associations to actively lobby state licensing agencies and legislators to interpret existing laws
or enact new laws in ways not favorable to Tesla’s ownership and operation of its own retail and service locations, and we intend to
actively fight any such efforts to limit our ability to sell our own vehicles.
While we have analyzed the principal laws in the US, EU, China, Japan, UK, and Australia relating to our distribution model
and believe we comply with such laws, we have not performed a complete analysis of all jurisdictions in which we may sell vehicles.
Accordingly, there may be laws in certain jurisdictions that may restrict our sales and service operations.
Energy Storage
The regulatory regime for energy storage projects is still under development. Nevertheless, there are various policies, incentives
and ﬁnancial mechanisms at the federal, state and local level that support the adoption of energy storage. For example, energy storage
systems that are charged using solar energy are eligible for the 30% tax credit under Section 48(a)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, or
the IRC, as described below. In addition, California and a number of other states have adopted procurement targets for energy storage,
and behind the meter energy storage systems qualify for funding under the California Self Generation Incentive Program.
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) has also taken steps to enable the participation of energy storage in
wholesale energy markets. In 2011 and 2013, FERC removed many barriers for systems like energy storage to provide frequency
regulation service, thus increasing the value these systems can obtain in wholesale energy markets. More recently, in late 2016, FERC
released a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that, if it becomes a final rule, would further break down barriers preventing energy storage
from fully participating in wholesale energy markets. Finally, in January 2017, FERC issued a statement supporting the use of energy
storage as both electric transmission and as electric generation concurrently, thus enabling energy storage systems to provide greater
value to the electric grid.
Solar Energy Systems
Government and Utility Programs and Incentives
US. federal, state and local governments have established various policies, incentives and ﬁnancial mechanisms to reduce the
cost of solar energy and to accelerate the adoption of solar energy. These incentives include tax credits, cash grants, tax abatements
and rebates.
The federal government currently provides an uncapped investment tax credit, or Federal ITC, under two sections of the IRC:
Section 48 and Section 25D. Section 48(a)(3) of the IRC allows a taxpayer to claim a credit of 30% of qualified expenditures for a
commercial solar energy system that commences construction by December 31, 2019. The credit then declines to 26% in 2020, 22%
in 2021, and a permanent 10% thereafter. We claim the Section 48 commercial credit when available for both our residential and
commercial projects, based on ownership of the solar energy system. The federal government also provides accelerated depreciation
for eligible commercial solar energy systems. Section 25D of the IRC allows a homeowner-taxpayer to claim a credit of 30% of
qualified expenditures for a residential solar energy system owned by the homeowner that is placed in service by December 31,
2019.The credit then declines to 26% in 2020 and 22% in 2021, and is scheduled to expire thereafter. Customers who purchase their
solar energy systems for cash or through our Solar Loan are eligible to claim the Section 25D investment tax credit.
In addition to the Federal ITC, many US. states offer personal and corporate tax credits and incentive available for solar energy
systems.
Regulation —General
We are not a “regulated utility” in the US. To operate our systems, we obtain interconnection agreements ﬁom the utilities. In
almost all cases, interconnection agreements are standard form agreements that have been pre-approved by the public utility
commission or other regulatory body.
1 1