Direct Vehicle Leasing Program
We offer a leasing program in the United States, Canada, the UK and Germany. Qualifying customers are permitted to lease a
vehicle directly from Tesla generally for 36 or 48 months. At the end of the lease term, customers have the option of either returning
the vehicle to us or purchasing it for a determined residual value. We account for these leasing transactions as operating leases and
recognize leasing revenues over the contractual term and record the depreciation of these vehicles to cost of automotive leasing
revenues. As of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had deferred $67.2 million and $25.8 million of lease-related upfront
payments which will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the contractual term of the individual leases. Lease revenues are
recorded in automotive leasing revenue and for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we recognized $112.7 million
and $41.2 million and $4.4 million.
Regulatory Credits
California and certain other states have laws in place requiring vehicle manufacturers to ensure that a portion of the vehicles
delivered for sale in that state during each model year are zero emission vehicles. These laws and regulations provide that a manufacturer
of zero emission vehicles may earn regulatory credits (ZEV credits) and may sell excess credits to other manufacturers who apply such
credits to comply with these regulatory requirements. Similar regulations exist at the federal level that require compliance related to
greenhouse gas emissions and also allow for the sale of excess credits by one manufacturer to other manufacturers. As a manufacturer
solely of zero emission vehicles, we have earned emission credits, such as ZEV and GHG credits on vehicles, and we expect to continue
to earn these credits in the future. We enter into contractual agreements with third parties to purchase our regulatory credits.
We recognize revenue on the sale of these credits at the time legal title to the credits is transferred to the purchasing party as
automotive revenue in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Revenue from the sale of regulatory credits totaled $302.3 million,
$168.7 million, and $216.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Additionally, we have entered into agreements with the State of Nevada and Storey County in Nevada that will provide
abatements for sales and use taxes, real and personal property taxes, and employer excise taxes, discounts to the base tariff energy
rates, and transferable tax credits. These incentives are available for the applicable periods beginning on October 17, 2014 and ending
on June 30, 2034, subject to capital investments by Tesla and its partners for Gigafactory 1 of at least $3.5 billion in the aggregate on
or before June 30, 2024, and certain other conditions specified in the agreements. If we do not satisfy one or more conditions under the
agreement, Tesla will be required to repay to the respective taxing authorities the amounts of the tax incentives incurred, plus interest.
As of December 31, 2016, we have earned $45 million of transferable tax credits under these agreements. We record these credits as
earned when we have evidence there is a market for their sale. Credits are applied as a cost offset to either employee expense or to
capital assets, depending on the source of the credits. Credits earned ﬁom employee hires or capital spending by our partners at
Gigafactory 1 are recorded as a reduction to operating expenses.
Energy Generation and Storage Revenue
For solar energy systems and components sales wherein customers pay the full purchase price, either directly or through the
Solar Loan program, revenue is recognized when we install a solar energy system and the solar energy system passes inspection by the
utility or the authority having jurisdiction, provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. In instances where there are
multiple deliverables in a single arrangement, we allocate the arrangement consideration to the various elements in the arrangement
based on the relative selling price method. Costs incurred on residential installations before the solar energy systems are completed are
included in inventories as work in progress in our consolidated balance sheets. However, any fees that are paid or payable by us to a
Solar Loan lender would be recognized as an offset against solar energy systems and components sales revenue, in accordance with
ASC 605-50, Customer Payments and Incentives.
For revenue arrangements where we are the lessor under operating lease agreements for solar energy systems, we record lease
revenue from minimum lease payments, including upfront rebates and incentives earned from such systems, on a straight-line basis
over the life of the lease term, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met. For incentives that are earned based on the
amount of electricity generated by the system, we record revenue as the amounts are earned. The difference between the payments
received and the revenue recognized is recorded as deferred revenue on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
For solar energy systems where customers purchase electricity from us under power purchase agreements, we have determined
that these agreements should be accounted for, in substance, as operating leases pursuant to ASC 840. Revenue is recognized based on
the amount of electricity delivered at rates speciﬁed under the contracts, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met.
64