Vehicle deliveries with the resale value guarantee do not impact our near-term cash ﬂows and liquidity, since we receive the full
amount of cash for the vehicle sales price at delivery. However, this program requires the deferral of revenues and costs into future
periods as they are considered leases for accounting purposes. While we do not assume any credit risk related to the customer, if a
customer exercises the option to return the vehicle to us, we are exposed to liquidity risk that the resale value of vehicles under these
programs may be lower than our guarantee, or the volume of vehicles returned to us may be higher than our estimates, or we may be
unable to resell the used cars in a timely manner, all of which could adversely impact our cash ﬂows. Based on current market
demand for our cars, we estimate the resale prices for our vehicles will continue to be above our resale value guarantee amounts.
Should market values of our vehicles or customer demand decrease, these estimates may be impacted materially.
We currently offer vehicle leases in the US. directly from Tesla Finance, our captive financing entity, as well as through a
leasing partner. Leasing through Tesla Finance is now available in 39 states and the District of Columbia. We also offer financing
arrangements through our entities in Canada, Germany and the UK. Leasing through both our captive ﬁnancing entities and our
leasing partners exposes us to residual value risk and will adversely impact our near-term operating results by requiring the deferral of
revenues and costs into future periods under lease accounting. In addition, for leases offered directly from our captive financing
entities (but not for those offered through our leasing partner), we only receive a limited portion of cash for the vehicle price at
delivery and will assume customer credit risk. We plan to continue expanding our financing offerings, including our lease financing
options and the financial sources to support them, and to support the overall financing needs of our customers. To the extent that we
are unable to arrange such options for our customers on terms that are attractive, our sales, financial results, and cash ﬂow could be
negatively impacted.
Energy Generation and Storage Financing options
Through SolarCity, we offer Solar Loans, whereby a third-party lender provides financing directly to a qualiﬁed customer to
enable the customer to purchase and own a solar energy system installed by us. We enter into a standard solar energy system sale
agreement with the customer. Separately, the customer enters into a loan agreement with one of the third-party lenders, who finances
the full purchase price. We are not a party to the loan agreement between the customer and the third-party lender, and the third-party
lender has no recourse against us with respect to the loan. If we are unable to continue to offer third-party financing or other financing
alternatives to our customers on competitive terms, our growth may slow and our financial and operating results may be adversely
impacted.
Gigafactory I and Manufacturing
We are developing Gigafactory 1 as a facility where we work together with our suppliers to integrate production of battery
material, cells, modules and battery packs in one location for both vehicles and energy storage products. We broke ground on
Gigafactory 1 in June 2014, began assembling our energy storage products in the first portion of the facility in the fourth quarter of
2015, and began production of lithium-ion battery cells for our energy storage products in the first quarter of 2017. We continue to
invest in construction of the building at Gigafactory and in production equipment for battery, module and pack production.
Panasonic has agreed to partner with us on Gigafactory l with investments in production equipment that it will use to
manufacture and supply us with battery cells. Under our arrangement with Panasonic, we plan to purchase the full output from their
production equipment located at Gigafactory l at negotiated prices. As these terms convey a right to use the production related assets
as defined within ASC 840, Leases, we will consider these leased assets beginning with the start of cell production in early 2017. This
will result in us recording the value of such assets within property, plant and equipment, net, in our Consolidated Balance Sheet with a
corresponding liability recorded to financing obligations. For all suppliers and partners for which we plan to purchase the full output
from their production equipment located at Gigafactory 1, we will record the value of such assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Based on our current assessment, as of December 31, 2016, approximately $300 million is expected to be recorded on our
Consolidated Balance Sheet during the first quarter of 2017 .
Although we continue to remain on track with our progress at Gigafactory 1, given the size and complexity of this undertaking,
it is possible that future events could result in the cost of building and operating Gigafactory 1 exceeding our current expectations and
Gigafactory 1 taking longer to expand than we currently anticipate. In addition, we continue to expand production capacity at our
Fremont Factory and are exploring additional production capacity in Asia and Europe.
37