We may face regulatory limitations on our ability to sell vehicles directly which could materially and adversely ajfect our
ability to sell our electric vehicles.
We sell our vehicles directly to consumers. We may not be able to sell our vehicles through this sales model in each state in the
United States as some states have laws that may be interpreted to impose limitations on this direct-to-consumer sales model. In certain
states in which we are not able to obtain dealer licenses, we have opened galleries, which are not full retail locations.
The application of these state laws to our operations continues to be difficult to predict. Laws in some states have limited our
ability to obtain dealer licenses ﬁom state motor vehicle regulators and may continue to do so.
In addition, decisions by regulators permitting us to sell vehicles may be subject to challenges by dealer associations and others
as to whether such decisions comply with applicable state motor vehicle industry laws. We have prevailed in many of these lawsuits
and such results have reinforced our continuing belief that state laws were not designed to prevent our distribution model. In some
states, there have also been regulatory and legislative efforts by vehicle dealer associations to propose bills and regulations that, if
enacted, would prevent us from obtaining dealer licenses in their states given our current sales model. A few states have passed
legislation that clarifies our ability to operate, but at the same time limits the number of dealer licenses we can obtain or stores that we
can operate. We have also ﬁled a lawsuit in federal court in Michigan challenging the constitutionality of the state’s prohibition on
direct sales as applied to our business.
Internationally, there may be laws in jurisdictions we have not yet entered or laws we are unaware of in jurisdictions we have
entered that may restrict our sales or other business practices. Even for those jurisdictions we have analyzed, the laws in this area can
be complex, difficult to interpret and may change over time.
We may need to defend ourselves against intellectual property infringement claims, which may be time-consuming and could
cause us to incur substantial costs.
Others, including our competitors, may hold or obtain patents, copyrights, trademarks or other proprietary rights that could
prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use, develop, sell or market our products and services, which could make it more
difficult for us to operate our business. From time to time, the holders of such intellectual property rights may assert their rights and
urge us to take licenses, and/or may bring suits alleging infringement or misappropriation of such rights. We may consider the entering
into licensing agreements with respect to such rights, although no assurance can be given that such licenses can be obtained on
acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur, and such licenses could significantly increase our operating expenses. In addition, if
we are determined to have infringed upon a third party’s intellectual property rights, we may be required to cease making, selling or
incorporating certain components or intellectual property into the goods and services we offer, to pay substantial damages and/or
license royalties, to redesign our products and services, and/or to establish and maintain alternative branding for our products and
services. In the event that we were required to take one or more such actions, our business, prospects, operating results and ﬁnancial
condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, any litigation or claims, whether or not valid, could result in substantial
costs, negative publicity and diversion of resources and management attention.
Our facilities or operations could be damaged or adversely affected as a result of disasters.
Our corporate headquarters, the Tesla Factory and Gigafactory 1 are located in seismically active regions in Northern California
and Nevada. If major disasters such as earthquakes or other events occur, or our information system or communications network
breaks down or operates improperly, our headquarters and production facilities may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or
delay production and shipment of our products. We may incur expenses relating to such damages, which could have a material adverse
impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
Risks Related to the Ownership of our Common Stock
The trading price of our common stock is likely to continue to be volatile.
The trading price of our common stock has been highly volatile and could continue to be subject to wide ﬂuctuations in
response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Our common stock has experienced an intra-day trading high of
$287.39 per share and a low of $178. 19 per share over the last 52 weeks. The stock market in general, and the market for technology
companies in particular, has experienced extreme price and volume ﬂuctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to
the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of companies”
stock, including ours, regardless of actual operating performance. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall
market and the market price of a particular company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against
these companies. For example, a shareholder litigation like this was filed against us in 2013. While the plaintiffs’ complaint was
dismissed with prejudice, any future shareholder litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management’s
attention and resources.
28