PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Qverview
We design, develop, manufacture and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, and energy storage systems, as well as
install, operate and maintain solar and energy storage products. We are the world’s only vertically integrated energy company,
offering end-to-end clean energy products, including generation, storage and consumption. We have established a global network of
vehicle stores, service centers and Supercharger stations to accelerate the widespread adoption of our products. Our vehicles,
engineering expertise across multiple products and systems, intense focus to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable transport,
and business model differentiates us from other manufacturers.
We currently produce and sell two fully electric vehicles, the Model S sedan and the Model X sport utility vehicle (SUV). Both
vehicles offer exceptional performance, functionality and attractive styling. We commenced deliveries of Model S in June 2012 and
have continued to improve Model S by introducing performance, all-wheel drive dual motor, and autopilot options, as well as free
over-the-air software updates.
We commenced deliveries of Model X in the third quarter of 2015. Model X offers exceptional safety, seating for up to seven
people, all-wheel drive, and our autopilot functionality. We are currently ramping production and deliveries of Model X in the United
States, Europe and Asia.
Our next vehicle introduction is the Model 3, a lower priced sedan designed for the mass market. We intend to begin volume
production and deliveries of Model 3 in the second half of 2017. We also intend to bring additional vehicles to market in the future.
The production of fully electric vehicles that meets consumers’ range and performance expectations requires substantial design,
engineering, and integration work on almost every system of our vehicles. Our design and vehicle engineering capabilities, combined
with the technical advancements of our powertrain system, have enabled us to design and develop electric vehicles that we believe
overcome the design, styling, and performance issues that have historically limited broad consumer adoption of electric vehicles. As a
result, our customers enjoy several benefits, including:
0 Long Range and Recharging Flexibility. Our vehicles offer ranges that significantly exceed those of any other
commercially available electric vehicle. In addition, our vehicles incorporate our pr0prietary on-board charging system,
permitting recharging from almost any available electrical outlet, and also offer fast charging capability from our
Supercharger network.
0 High-Performance Without Compromised Design or Functionality. Our vehicles deliver unparalleled driving experiences
with instantaneous and sustained acceleration, an advanced autopilot system with active safety and convenience features,
and over-the-air software updates.
0 Energy Eﬁciency and Cost of Ownership. Our vehicles offer an attractive cost of ownership when compared to similar
internal combustion engine or hybrid electric vehicles. Using only an electric powertrain enables us to create more energy
efficient vehicles that are mechanically simpler than currently available hybrid or internal combustion engine vehicles.
The cost to fuel our vehicles is less compared to internal combustion vehicles. We also expect our electric vehicles will
have lower relative maintenance costs than other vehicles due to fewer moving parts and the absence of certain
components, including oil, oil filters, spark plugs and engine valves.
We sell our vehicles through our own sales and service network which we are continuing to grow globally. The benefits we
receive from distribution ownership enable us to improve the overall customer experience, the speed of product development and the
capital efficiency of our business. We are also continuing to build our network of Superchargers and destination chargers in North
America, Europe and Asia to provide both fast charging that enables convenient long-distance travel as well as other convenient
charging options.
In addition to manufacturing and selling our own vehicles, we leverage our technology expertise in batteries, power electronics,
and integrated systems to manufacture and sell energy storage products. We recently announced the latest generation of our energy
storage products, the14 kilowatt hour (kWh) Powerwall 2 with an integrated inverter for residential applications and the infinitely
scalable 200 kWh Powerpack 2. In addition, we also announced an accompanying bi-directional inverter for commercial, industrial
and utility applications. We began production and deliveries of these second generation products in the fourth quarter of 2016. Similar
to our electric vehicles, our energy storage products have been developed to receive over-the-air ﬁrmware and software updates that
enable additional features over time.
1