Vehicle sales to leasing partners with a resale value guarantee
We also offer resale value guarantees in connection with automobile sales to certain leasing partners. As we have guaranteed the
value of these vehicles and as the vehicles are leased to end-customers, we account for these transactions as interest bearing
collateralized borrowings as required under ASC 840 - Leases. Under this program, cash is received for the full price of the vehicle
and is recorded within resale value guarantees for the long-term portion and deferred revenue for the current portion. We accrete the
deferred revenue amount to automotive leasing revenue on a straight-line basis over the guarantee period and accrue interest expense
based on our borrowing rate. We capitalize vehicles under this program to operating lease vehicles, net, on our Consolidated Balance
Sheets and we record depreciation ﬁom these vehicles to cost of automotive leasing revenues during the period the vehicle is under a
lease arrangement. Cash received for these vehicles, net of revenue recognized during the period, is classified as collateralized lease
borrowings within cash ﬂows from financing activities in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
At the end of the lease term, we settle our liability in cash by either purchasing the vehicle from the leasing partner for the resale
value guarantee amount, or paying a shortfall to the guarantee amount the leasing partner may realize on the sale of the vehicle. Any
remaining balances within deferred revenue and resale value guarantee will be settled to automotive leasing revenue. In cases where
the leasing partner retains ownership of the vehicle after the end of our guarantee period, we expense the net value of the leased
vehicle to costs of automotive leasing revenue. The maximum cash we could be required to pay under this program, should we decide
to repurchase all vehicles is $855.9 million at December 31, 2016.
As of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had $1.18 billion and $527.5 million of such borrowings recorded in
resale value guarantees and $289.1 million and $120.5 million recorded in deferred revenue liability, respectively. As of December 31,
2016 and December 31, 2015, we had a total of $57.0 million and $33.6 million in account receivables from our leasing partners.
On a quarterly basis, we assess the estimated market values of vehicles under our resale value guarantee program to determine if
we have sustained a loss on any of these contracts. As we accumulate more data related to the resale values of our vehicles or as
market conditions change, there may be material changes to their estimated values.
62