We have determined that the funds are VIEs and we are the primary beneficiary of these VIEs by reference to the power and
benefits criterion under ASC 810, Consolidation. We have considered the provisions within the contractual agreements, which grant it
power to manage and make decisions that affect the operation of these VIEs, including determining the solar energy systems and
associated customer contracts to be sold or contributed to these VIEs and the redeployment of solar energy systems and management
of customer receivables. We consider that the rights granted to the fund investors under the contractual agreements are more protective
in nature rather than participating.
As the primary beneﬁciary of these VIEs, we consolidate in our financial statements the ﬁnancial position, results of operations
and cash ﬂows of these VIEs, and all intercompany balances and transactions between us and these VIEs are eliminated in the
consolidated financial statements. Cash distributions of income and other receipts by a fund, net of agreed upon expenses, estimated
expenses, tax benefits and detriments of income and loss and tax credits, are allocated to the fund investor and our subsidiary as
specified in contractual agreements.
Generally, our subsidiary has the option to acquire the fund investor’s interest in the fund for an amount based on the market
value of the fund or the formula specified in the contractual agreements.
As of December 31, 2016, we were contractually required to make payments to a fund investor in order to ensure the investor is
projected to achieve a specified minimum return annually. The amounts of any potential future payments under this guarantee are
dependent on the amounts and timing of future Distributions to the investor from the fund, the tax benefits that accrue to the investor
from the fund’s activities and the amount and timing of our purchase of the investor’s interest in the fund or the amount and timing of
the distributions to the investor upon liquidation of the fund. Due to uncertainties associated with estimating the amount and timing of
distributions to the investor and the possibility and timing of the liquidation of the fund, we are unable to determine the potential
maximum future payments that it would have to make under this guarantee.
Upon the sale or liquidation of a fund, distributions would occur in the order and priority specified in the contractual
agreements.
Pursuant to management services, maintenance and warranty arrangements, we have been contracted to provide services to the
funds, such as operations and maintenance support, accounting, lease servicing and performance reporting. In some instances, we have
guaranteed payments to the investors as speciﬁed in the contractual agreements. A fund’s creditors have no recourse to our general
credit or to that of other funds. None of the assets of the funds had been pledged as collateral for their obligations.
100