Depreciation and amortization is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets
as follows:
Solar energy systems leased to customers........................ 30 to 35 years
Initial direct costs related to customer solar
energy system lease acquisition costs Lease term (20 years)
Solar energy systems held for lease to customers are installed systems pending interconnection with the respective utility
companies and will be depreciated as solar energy systems leased to customers when the respective systems have been interconnected
and placed in service. Solar energy systems under construction represents systems that are under installation, which will be
depreciated as solar energy systems leased to customers when the respective systems are completed, interconnected and subsequently
leased to customers. Initial direct costs related to customer solar energy system lease acquisition costs are capitalized and amortized
over the term of the related customer lease agreements.
Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant and equipment, including leasehold improvements, are recognized at cost less accumulated depreciation and
amortization. Depreciation is generally computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets as
follows:
Machinery, equipment, vehicles and ofﬁce furniture....... 2 to 12 years
Building and building improvements............................... 20 to 30 years
Computer equipment and software 3 to 10 years
Depreciation for tooling is computed using the units-of-production method whereby capitalized costs are amortized over the
total estimated productive life of the related assets. As of December 31, 2016, the estimated productive life for tooling was 250,000
vehicles based on our current estimates of production.
Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the term of the
related lease.
Upon the retirement or sale of our property, plant and equipment, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed
from our Consolidated Balance Sheets and the resulting gain or loss is reﬂected in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Maintenance and repair expenditures are expensed as incurred, while major improvements that increase the functionality, output or
expected life of the asset are capitalized and depreciated ratably to expense over the identified useful life. Land is not depreciated.
Interest expense on outstanding debt is capitalized during the period of significant capital asset construction. Capitalized interest
on construction in progress is included in property, plant and equipment, net and is amortized over the life of the related assets.
Furthermore, we are deemed to be the owner, for accounting purposes, during the construction phase of certain long-lived assets
under build-to-suit lease arrangements because of our involvement with the construction, our exposure to any potential cost overruns
and our other commitments under the arrangements. In these cases, we recognize a build-to-suit lease asset under construction and a
corresponding build-to-suit lease liability on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Long-Lived Assets Including Acquired Intangible Assets
We review property and equipment, long-term prepayments and intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. We measure recoverability of these
assets by comparing the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash ﬂows the assets are expected to generate. If property and
equipment and intangible assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized equals the amount by which the
carrying value of the assets exceeds their fair value. We have made no material adjustments to our long-lived assets in any of the years
presented.
Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. We amortize our acquired intangible assets
on a straight-line basis with deﬁnite lives over periods ranging from two to thirty years.
69