ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS
T he following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated ﬁnancial statements and the related
notes that appear elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 1 0-K.
Overview and 2016 Highlights
Our mission is to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. We design, develop, manufacture, lease and sell high-
performance fully electric vehicles, as well as provide energy storage through the offering of Powerpack and Powerwall. In addition,
through our acquisition of SolarCity Corporation, we also provide solar energy systems to residential and commercial customers .
As a result of our acquisition of SolarCity, we have reclassified the presentation of our historic energy storage products revenue
and cost of revenue from services and other to energy generation and storage.
Automotive
We produce and sell our Model S sedan and our Model X sport utility vehicle. We continue to enhance our vehicle offerings
with all-wheel drive capability, autopilot options, Internet connectivity and free over-the-air software updates. Starting in the fourth
quarter of 2016, we introduced second generation of autopilot which has improved hardware and enhanced functionalities including
better safety and performance.
In 2016, our production capability continued to scale and gain operational efficiencies. During 2016, our production volume
increased by 64% year-over—year.
In the fourth quarter of 2015, we began delivering Model X sport utility vehicle. In 2016, we greatly ramped the production and
deliveries of Model X. Also, in the first quarter of 2016, we unveiled Model 3, a lower priced sedan designed for the mass market,
which received significant interest. To date, we have substantially completed the design and prototypes of Model 3 and are projecting
to start production and deliveries in the second half of 2017.
Energy Generation and Storage
Through our acquisition of SolarCity Corporation, or SolarCity, on November 21, 2016, we lease and sell solar energy systems
and sell renewable energy to our customers, typically at prices below utility rates. Our long-term agreements with our customers
generate a predictable and reliable stream of cash ﬂows. The operating results of SolarCity from the acquisition date of November 21,
2016 through December 31, 2016 are included in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Also in 2016, we introduced solar roof,
which we plan to begin selling and installing later in 2017.
In addition to solar energy systems, we also sell energy storage products, which consists of the Powerwall for residential
applications and the Powerpack for commercial, industrial and utility-scale applications. In 2016, we completed several of our grid-
scale energy storage projects, including the Southern California Edison Mira Loma substation and the American Samoa Island
installation.
Management Opportunities, Challenges and Risks and 2017 Outlook
Automotive Demand, Production and Deliveries
During 2016, we improved our existing Model S sedan and Model X sport utility vehicle by introducing new variants that
improve range, performance, safety and value. We introduced several new features, including updating the front fascia of Model S in
the second quarter of 2016, to expanding offerings of our battery size to cater to a wider range of consumers. We expect to introduce
further new vehicle variants and over-the-air—functionality over time. We also expect that the demand for our vehicles will continue to
increase as we improve our vehicles, and expand our retail, service and charging infrastructure and as we develop new products. In
addition, the introduction of Model 3 would also generate incremental demand by offering a less expensive alternative.
During the third quarter of 2016, we discontinued our resale value guarantee program in North America. The resale value
guarantee was originally introduced in 2013 to help to reassure customers that Tesla vehicles would retain value over time.
We continue to make progress in increasing vehicle production. For the year ended December 31, 2016, we produced
approximately 84,000 vehicles, an increase of 64% from the prior year. This increase was achieved despite the fact that we faced
challenges in 2016 with Model X production, including part shortages. In January 2017, we completed the acquisition of Grohmann
Engineering GmbH, a German manufacturing company with expertise in automated production. We expect this acquisition will
facilitate and expand vehicle production.
35