Our warranty reserves do not include projected warranty costs associated with our vehicles subject to lease accounting and solar
energy systems under lease contracts or power purchase agreements, as the costs to repair these warranty claims are expensed as
incurred. The warranty reserve increased primarily due to incremental vehicle deliveries, offset by actual claims and an overall
decrease in accrual rates for vehicles, batteries, and drive units due to improved reliability. In addition, for the year ended
December 31, 2016, we also assumed warranty liabilities of $31.4 million as a result of the SolarCity acquisition. For the year ended
December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 warranty costs incurred for vehicles accounted for as operating leases or collateralized
debt arrangements were $19.0 million and $9.5 million. Warranty expense is recorded as a component cost of revenue.
Solar Energy Systems Performance Guarantees
SolarCity guarantees certain specified minimum solar energy production output for certain solar energy systems leased or sold
to customers, generally for a term of up to 30 years. We monitor the solar energy systems to ensure that these outputs are being
achieved. We evaluate if any amounts are due to its customers and make any payments periodically as specified in the customer
contracts. As of December 31, 2016, we had recorded liabilities of $6.6 million under accrued liabilities and other in our Consolidated
Balance Sheet, relating to these guarantees based on our assessment of the current exposure.
Solar Renewable Energy Credits
We account for solar renewable energy credits, or SRECs, when they are purchased by us or sold to third parties. For SRECs
generated by solar energy systems owned by us and minted by government agencies, we do not recognize any specifically identifiable
costs for those SRECs as there are no specific incremental costs incurred to generate the SRECs. For SRECs purchased by us, we
carry these SRECs at their cost, subject to impairment testing. We recognize revenue from the sale of an SREC when the SREC is
transferred to the buyer, and the cost of the SREC, if any, is then recorded within cost of revenue.
Deferred I T Cs Revenue
SolarCity has solar energy systems that are eligible for investment tax credits, or ITCs, that accrue to eligible property under the
IRC. Under Section 50(d)(5) of the IRC and the related regulations, a lessor of qualifying property may elect to treat the lessee as the
owner of such property for the purposes of claiming the ITCs associated with such property. These regulations enable the ITCs to be
separated from the ownership of the property and allow the transfer of the ITCs. Under the lease pass-through fund arrangements,
SolarCity can make a tax election to pass-through the ITCs to the investor, who is the legal lessee of the property. We are therefore
able to monetize these ITCs to investors who can utilize them in return for cash payments. We consider the monetization of ITCs to
constitute one of the key elements of realizing the value associated with solar energy systems. We therefore view the proceeds from
the monetization of ITCs to be a component of revenue generated from solar energy systems.
For lease pass-through fund arrangements, SolarCity allocates a portion of the aggregate payments received from the investors
to the estimated fair value of the assigned ITCs and the balance to the future customer lease payments that are also assigned to the
investors. The estimated fair value of the ITCs is determined by discounting the estimated cash ﬂows impacts of the ITCs using an
appropriate discount rate that reﬂects a market interest rate.
We recognize the revenue associated with the monetization of ITCs in accordance with ASC 605-10-S99. The revenue
associated with the monetization of the ITCs is recognized when (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) delivery has
occurred or services have been rendered, (3) the sales price is fixed or determinable and (4) collection of the related receivable is
reasonably assured. The ITCs are subject to recapture under the IRC if the underlying solar energy system either ceases to be a
qualifying property or undergoes a change in ownership within five years of its placed in service date. The recapture amount decreases
on the anniversary of the placed in service date. As we have an obligation to ensure the solar energy system is in service and
operational for a term of five years to avoid any recapture of the ITCs, we recognize revenue as the recapture provisions lapse
assuming the other aforementioned revenue recognition criteria have been met. The monetized ITCs are initially recorded as deferred
revenue on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, and subsequently, one-fifth of the monetized ITCs is recognized as revenue from
operating leases and solar energy systems incentives in our Consolidated Statements of Operations on each anniversary of the solar
energy system’s “placed in service date” over the next five years.
SolarCity guarantees their financing fund investors that in the event of a subsequent recapture of ITCs by the taxing authority
due to our noncompliance with the applicable ITC guidelines, we would compensate them for any recaptured ITCs. We have
concluded that the likelihood of a recapture event is remote and, consequently, have not recorded any liability in our Consolidated
Balance Sheet for any potential recapture exposure.
71