Autopilot Systems
We have developed an expertise in vehicle autopilot systems, including auto-steering, trafﬁc aware cruise control, lane changing,
automated parking and Summon and driver warning systems. In October 2014, we began equipping all Model S vehicles with
hardware to allow for the incremental introduction of autopilot technology. In October 2016, we began equipping all Tesla vehicles
with hardware needed for full self-driving capability, including cameras that provide 360 degree visibility, updated ultrasonic sensors
for object detection, a forward-facing radar with enhanced processing, and a powerful new onboard computer. Our autopilot systems
relieve our drivers of the most tedious and potentially dangerous aspects of road travel. Although, at present, the driver is ultimately
responsible for controlling the vehicle, our system provides safety and convenience functionality that allows our customers to rely on
it much like the system that airplane pilots use when conditions permit. This hardware suite, along with over-the-air firmware updates
and ﬁeld data feedback loops from the onboard camera, radar, ultrasonics, and GPS, enables the system to continually learn and
improve its performance.
Energy Storage
We are leveraging many of the component level technologies from our vehicles to advance our energy storage products,
including high density energy storage, cooling, safety, charge balancing, structural durability, and electronics management. By taking
a modular approach to the design of battery systems, we are able to maximize manufacturing capacity to produce both Powerwall and
Powerpack products. Additionally, we are making significant strides in the area of bi-directional, grid-tied power electronics that
enable us to interconnect our battery systems seamlessly with global electricity grids while providing fast-acting systems for power
injection and absorption.
Solar Energy Systems
We are continually innovating and developing new technologies to facilitate the growth of our solar energy systems business.
For example, the solar roof is being designed to work seamlessly with Tesla Powerwall 2 and we have developed proprietary software
to reduce system design and installation timelines and costs.
Design and Engineering
Vehicles
In addition to the design, development and production of the powertrain, we have created significant in-house capabilities in the
design and engineering of electric vehicles and their components and systems. We design and engineer bodies, chassis, interiors,
heating and cooling and low voltage electrical systems in house and to a lesser extent in conjunction with our suppliers. Our team has
core competencies in computer aided design and crash test simulations which reduces the product development time of new models.
Additionally, our team has expertise in lightweight materials, a very important characteristic for electric vehicles given the
impact of mass on range. Model S and Model X are built with a lightweight aluminum body and chassis which incorporates a variety
of materials and production methods that help optimize the weight of the vehicle.
Energy Storage
We have an in-house engineering team that both designs our energy storage products themselves, and works with our residential,
commercial and utility customers to design bespoke systems incorporating our products. Our team’s expertise in electrical,
mechanical, civil and software engineering enables us to create integrated energy storage solutions that meet the particular needs of all
customer types.
Solar Energy Systems
We also have an in-house engineering team that designs a customized solar energy system for each of our customers, and which
works closely with our energy storage engineering teams to integrate an energy storage system when requested by the customer. We
have developed software that simplifies and expedites the design process and optimizes the design to maximize the energy production
of each system. Our engineers complete a structural analysis of each building and produce a full set of structural design and electrical
blueprints that contain the speciﬁcations for all system components. Additionally, we design complementary mounting and grounding
hardware.
5