The maximum potential future payments that we could have to make under this obligation would depend on the difference between
the fair values of the solar energy systems sold or transferred to the funds as determined by us and the values that the US. Treasury
Department would determine as fair value for the systems for purposes of claiming US. Treasury grants or the values the IRS would
determine as the fair value for the systems for purposes of claiming ITCs or US. Treasury grants. We claim US. Treasury grants based
on guidelines provided by the US. Treasury department and the statutory regulations from the IRS. We use fair values determined with
the assistance of independent third-party appraisals commissioned by us as the basis for determining the ITCs that are passed-through to
and claimed by the fund investors. Since we cannot determine future revisions to US. Treasury Department guidelines governing system
values or how the IRS will evaluate system values used in claiming ITCs or US. Treasury grants, we are unable to reliably estimate the
maximum potential future payments that it could have to make under this obligation as of each balance sheet date.
We are eligible to receive certain state and local incentives that are associated with renewable energy generation. The amount of
incentives that can be claimed is based on the projected or actual solar energy system size and/or the amount of solar energy produced.
We also currently participate in one state’s incentive program that is based on either the fair market value or the tax basis of solar
energy systems placed in service. State and local incentives received are allocated between us and fund investors in accordance with
the contractual provisions of each fund. We are not contractually obligated to indemnify any fund investor for any losses they may
incur due to a shortfall in the amount of state or local incentives actually received.
As disclosed in Note 18, we are contractually required to make payments to one fund investor to ensure that the fund investor
achieves a specified minimum internal rate of return. The fund investor has already received a significant portion of the projected
economic beneﬁts from US. Treasury grant distributions and tax depreciation benefits. The contractual provisions of the fund state
that the fund has an indefinite term unless the members agree to dissolve the fund. Based on our current financial projections
regarding the amount and timing of future distributions to the fund investor, we do not expect to make any payments as a result of this
guarantee and has not accrued any liabilities for this guarantee. The amount of potential future payments under this guarantee is
dependent on the amount and timing of future distributions to the fund investor and future tax benefits that accrue to the fund investor.
Due to the uncertainties surrounding estimating the amounts of these factors, we are unable to estimate the maximum potential
payments under this guarantee. To date, the fund investor has achieved the speciﬁed minimum internal rate of return as determined in
accordance with the contractual provisions of the fund.
As disclosed in Note 19, the lease pass-through financing funds have a one-time lease payment reset mechanism that occurs
after the installation of all solar energy systems in a fund. As a result of this mechanism, we may be required to refund master lease
prepayments previously received from investors. Any refunds of master lease prepayments would reduce the lease pass-through
ﬁnancing obligation.
Letters of Credit
As of December 31, 2016, we had $105.1 million of unused letters of credit outstanding.
Note 18 — VIE Arrangements
SolarCity enters into various arrangements with investors to facilitate funding and monetization of solar energy systems. These
arrangements include those described in this Note, as well as those described in Note 19, Lease Pass-Through Financing Obligation.
Fund Arrangements
SolarCity has a number of financing funds that were formed by wholly owned subsidiaries of SolarCity and fund investors.
These arrangements were created to facilitate funding and monetization of solar energy systems. The following table shows the
number of funds by investor classiﬁcation, carrying value of the solar energy systems in the funds, total investor contributions
received and undrawn investor contributions as of December 31, 2016 (in thousands, except for number of funds, and unaudited) for
funds that have been determined to be VIEs:
Total Investor Carrying Value of
Contributions Undrawn Investor Solar Energy
Investor Classification Number of funds Received Contributions Systems
Financial institutions 34 $ 2,623,918 $ 106,850 $ 3,085,024
8 1,020,058 130,209 1,353,193
4 278,888 35,033 178,280
Other 1 1,788 — 1,946
47 $ 3,924,652$ 272,092$ 4,618,443
99