We expect the foregoing discussion to apply generally to Model 3. However, because we plan to produce Model 3 at
significantly higher volumes than Model S or Model X, the negative impact of any delays or other constraints with respect to our
suppliers for Model 3 could be substantially greater than any such issues experienced with respect to our products to date. As some of
our suppliers for our current production vehicles do not have the resources, equipment or capability to provide components for the
Model 3 in line with our requirements, we have engaged a significant number of new suppliers, and such suppliers will also have to
ramp to achieve our needs in a short period of time. There is no assurance that these suppliers will ultimately be able to meet our cost,
quality and volume needs. Furthermore, as the scale of our vehicle production increases, we will need to accurately forecast, purchase,
warehouse and transport to our manufacturing facilities components at much higher volumes than we have experience with. If we are
unable to accurately match the timing and quantities of component purchases to our actual production plans or capabilities, or
successfully implement automation, inventory management and other systems to accommodate the increased complexity in our supply
chain, we may have to incur unexpected storage, transportation and write-off costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and operating results.
Our future growth and success is dependent upon consumers’ willingness to adopt electric vehicles and speciﬁcally our
vehicles, especially in the mass market demographic which we are targeting with Model 3.
Our growth is highly dependent upon the adoption by consumers of alternative fuel vehicles in general and electric vehicles in
particular. Although we have successfully grown demand for Model S and Model X to date and have seen very strong initial demand
for Model 3, and we believe that we will be able to continue to grow demand separately for each of these vehicles and their variants,
there is no guarantee of such future demand or that our vehicles will not compete with one another in the market. Moreover, the mass
market demographic which we are targeting with Model 3 is larger, but more competitive, than for Model S and Model X.
If the market for electric vehicles in general and Tesla vehicles in particular does not develop as we expect, or develops more
slowly than we expect, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. The market for alternative
fuel vehicles is relatively new, rapidly evolving, and could be affected by numerous external factors, such as:
o perceptions about electric vehicle features, quality, safety, performance and cost;
0 perceptions about the limited range over which electric vehicles may be driven on a single battery charge;
0 competition, including from other types of alternative fuel vehicles, plug-in hybrid electric vehicles, and high fuel-
economy internal combustion engine vehicles;
0 volatility in the cost of oil and gasoline;
0 government regulations and economic incentives; and
0 access to charging facilities.
Future problems or delays in expanding Gigafactory 1 and operating it in line with our expectations could negatively aﬂect
the production and profitability of our battery-based products, such as Model 3 or our energy storage products.
To lower the cost of cell production and produce cells in high volume, we intend to integrate the production of lithium-ion cells
and ﬁnished battery packs for our vehicles including Model 3 and energy storage products at Gigafactory 1. While Gigafactory I
began producing lithium-ion cells for energy storage products in January 2017, we have no other direct experience in the production
of lithium-ion cells, including those intended for use in vehicles. Although we continue to remain on track with our progress at
Gigafactory 1, given the size and complexity of this undertaking, it is possible that future events could result in the cost of expanding
and operating Gigafactory l exceeding our current expectations and Gigafactory 1 taking longer to expand than we currently
anticipate. In order to build our Model 3 vehicles at our planned volume and target gross margin, we must have significant battery cell
production from Gigafactory 1. If we are unable to expand Gigafactory 1 in a timely manner, and attract, hire and retain a substantial
number of highly skilled personnel to work there in order to produce high volumes of quality lithium-ion cells at reasonable prices,
our ability to supply battery packs to our vehicles, especially Model 3, and other battery-based products according to our schedule
and/or at a price that allows us to sell them at our target gross margins and in the quantities we estimate could be negatively impacted.
Any such future problems or delays with Gigafactory 1 could negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, ﬁnancial
condition and operating results.
16