We apply lease accounting on sales of vehicles with a resale value guarantee and on leases made directly by us or by our leasing
partners. Under lease accounting, we recognize the associated revenues and costs of the vehicle sale over time rather than fully upfront
at vehicle delivery. As a result, these programs generate lower revenues in the period the car is delivered and higher gross margins
during the period of the resale value guarantee as compared to purchases in which the resale value guarantee does not apply. A higher
than anticipated prevalence of these programs could therefore have an adverse impact on our near term revenues and operating results.
Moreover, unlike the sale of a vehicle with a resale value guarantee or programs with leasing partners which do not impact our cash
ﬂows and liquidity at the time of vehicle delivery, under a lease held directly by us, we may receive only a very small portion of the
total vehicle purchase price at the time of lease, followed by a stream of payments over the term of the lease. To the extent we expand
our leasing program without securing external ﬁnancing or business partners to support such expansion, our cash ﬂow and liquidity
could also be negatively impacted.
The unavailability, reduction or elimination 0}? or unfavorable determinations with respect to, government and economic
incentives in the United States and abroad supporting the development and adoption of electric vehicles or solar energy
could have some impact on demand for our products and services.
We currently benefit from certain government and economic incentives supporting the development and adoption of electric
vehicles. In the United States and abroad, such incentives include, among other things, tax credits or rebates that encourage the
purchase of electric vehicles. In Norway, for example, the purchase of electric vehicles is not currently subject to import taxes, taxes
on non-recurring vehicle fees, the 25% value added tax or the purchase taxes that apply to the purchase of gas-powered vehicles.
Notably, the quantum of incentive programs promoting electric vehicles is a tiny fraction of the amount of incentives that are provided
to gas-powered vehicles through the oil and gas industries. Nevertheless, even the limited benefits from such programs could be
reduced, eliminated or exhausted. For example, on January 1, 2016, a previously available incentive in Denmark that favored the
purchase of electric vehicles expired and was replaced with a newly phased-in incentive that is less generous than the incentive that it
replaced. Moreover, under current regulations, a $7,500 federal tax credit available in the United States for the purchase of qualified
electric vehicles with at least 17 kWh of battery capacity, such as our vehicles, will begin to phase out with respect to any vehicles
delivered in the second calendar quarter following the quarter in which we deliver our 200,000th qualifying vehicle in the United
States. In addition, California implemented regulations phasing out a $2,500 cash rebate on qualified electric vehicles for high-income
consumers, which became effective in March 2016. In certain circumstances, there is pressure from the oil and gas lobby or related
special interests to bring about such developments, which could have some negative impact on demand for our vehicles.
In addition, certain governmental rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives that are currently available with respect to
our solar and energy storage product businesses allow us to lower our installation costs, cost of capital and encourage investors to
invest in our solar financing funds. However, these incentives may expire on a particular date, end when the allocated funding is
exhausted or be reduced or terminated as solar energy adoption rates increase, often without warning. For example, the federal
government currently offers a 30% investment tax credit (“ITC”) for the installation of solar power facilities and if installed
concurrently, for energy storage systems, which are currently scheduled to decline to 10%, and expire altogether for residential
systems, by January 2022. Likewise, in jurisdictions where net energy metering is currently available, our customers receive bill
credits from utilities for energy that their solar energy systems generate and export to the grid in excess of the electric load they use.
Several jurisdictions have reduced or eliminated the benefit available under net energy metering, or have proposed to do so. Such
reductions in or termination of governmental incentives could adversely impact our results of operations by increasing our cost of
capital, making us less competitive for potential customers, and adversely impact our ability to attract investment partners and to form
new financing funds for our solar assets.
Moreover, we and our fund investors claim the ITC in amounts based on the fair market value of our solar energy systems.
Although we obtain independent appraisals to support the claimed fair market values, the relevant governmental authorities have
audited such values and in certain cases have determined that they should be lower, and they may do so in the future. Such
determinations may result in adverse tax consequences and/or our obligation to make indemnification or other payments, or contribute
additional assets, to our funds or fund investors.
If we are unable to integrate SolarCity successfully into our business, we may not realize the anticipated beneﬁts of our
acquisition of SolarCity.
We have devoted to date, and continue to devote, substantial attention and resources to integrating into our company the
business and operations of SolarCity, which we acquired in November 2016. Our company has no prior experience integrating a
business of the size and scale of SolarCity. If the integration process takes longer than expected or is more costly than expected, we
may fail to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition.
21