Gigafactory 1 outside of Reno, Nevada
We are developing Gigafactory 1 as a facility where we work together with our suppliers to integrate battery material, cell,
module and battery pack production in one location. We plan to use the battery packs manufactured at Gigafactory 1 for our vehicles,
including Model 3 and energy storage products. We broke ground on Gigafactory l in June 2014, began assembling our energy
storage products in the fourth quarter of 2015, and began production of lithium-ion battery cells for our energy storage products in the
first quarter of 20 17. We also intend to manufacture Model 3 drive units at Gigafactory l.
Gigafactory l is being built in phases so that Tesla, Panasonic, and other partners can begin manufacturing immediately inside
the finished sections and continue to expand thereafter. Gigafactory 1 is currently expected to attain full production capacity by 2020,
which is anticipated to be sufficient for the production of approximately 500,000 vehicles annually as well as for the production of our
energy storage products.
We believe that Gigafactory 1 will allow us to achieve a signiﬁcant reduction in the cost of our battery packs once we are in
volume production with Model 3. We have committed to invest heavily on capital expenditures for Gigafactory 1. Panasonic has
agreed to partner with us on Gigafactory l with investments in production equipment that it will use to manufacture and supply us
with battery cells. We have agreed to prepare and provide the land, buildings and utilities, to invest in production equipment for
battery module and pack production and to be responsible for the overall management of Gigafactory 1.
Supply Chain
Our vehicles use thousands of purchased parts which we source globally from hundreds of suppliers. We have developed close
relationships with several key suppliers particularly in the procurement of cells and certain other key system parts. While we obtain
components from multiple sources in some cases, similar to other automobile manufacturers, many of the components used in our
vehicles are purchased by us from a single source. In addition, while several sources of the battery cell we have selected for our
battery packs are available, we have currently fully qualified only one cell supplier for the battery packs we use in our production
vehicles. We are working to fully qualify additional cells ﬁom other manufacturers.
We use various raw materials in our business including aluminum, steel, cobalt, lithium, nickel and copper. The prices for these
raw materials ﬂuctuate depending on market conditions and global demand for these materials. We believe that we have adequate
supplies or sources of availability of the raw materials necessary to meet our manufacturing and supply requirements.
Energy Storage
Our energy storage products are manufactured at Gigafactory 1. We leverage the same supply chain process and infrastructure
as we use for our vehicles. The battery architecture and many of the components used in our energy storage products are the same or
similar to those used in our vehicles’ battery pack, enabling us to take advantage of manufacturing efficiencies and supply chain
economies of scale. The power electronics and grid-tie inverter for the Powerwall and Powerpack systems are also manufactured at
Gigafactory 1, allowing us to ship deployment-ready systems directly from Gigafactory 1.
Solar Energy Systems
We currently purchase major components such as solar panels and inverters directly from multiple manufacturers. We typically
purchase solar panels and inverters on an as-needed basis from our suppliers at then-prevailing prices pursuant to purchase orders
issued under our master contractual arrangements. In December 2016, we entered into a long-term agreement with Panasonic to
manufacture photovoltaic (PV) cells at our Gigafactory 2 in Buffalo, New York, with negotiated pricing provisions and the intent to
manufacture l gigawatt of solar panels annually.
Governmental Programs, Incentives and Regulations
Vehicles
California Alternative Energy and Advanced Transportation Financing Authority Tax Incentives
We have entered into multiple agreements over the past few years with the California Alternative Energy and Advanced
Transportation Financing Authority (CAEATF A) that provide multi-year sales tax exclusions on purchases of manufacturing
equipment that will be used for specific purposes including the expansion and ongoing development of Model S, Model X, Model 3
and future electric vehicles and expansion of electric vehicle powertrain production in California. We estimate the combined tax
savings under these agreements will be approximately $198 million, of which $100 million has been realized as of December 31, 2016.
9