Sales of electricity and non-sale equipment leases by third parties, such as our SolarLeases and SolarPPAs, face regulatory
challenges in some states and jurisdictions.
Regulation — Net Metering
F orty-one states, Washington, DC. and Puerto Rico have a regulatory policy known as net energy metering, or net metering,
available to new solar customers. Net metering typically allows solar customers to interconnect their on—site solar energy systems to
the utility grid and offset their utility electricity purchases by receiving a bill credit for excess energy generated by their solar energy
system that is exported to the grid. Each of the states where we currently serve customers has adopted a net metering policy except for
Texas, where certain individual utilities have adopted net metering or a policy similar to net metering. In certain jurisdictions,
regulators or utilities have reduced or eliminated the benefit available under net metering, or have proposed to do so.
Regulation — Mandated Renewable Capacity
Many states also have adopted procurement requirements for renewable energy production, such as an enforceable renewable
portfolio standard, or RPS, or other policies that require covered entities to procure a speciﬁed percentage of total electricity delivered
to customers in the state from eligible renewable energy sources, such as solar energy systems. To prove compliance with such
mandates, utilities typically must surrender renewable energy certificates. A solar renewable energy certificate, or SREC, is a tradable
credit that represents all of the clean energy benefits of electricity generated from a solar energy system. Every time a solar energy
system generates 1,000 kWh of electricity, one SREC is issued or minted by a government agency. The SREC can then be sold or
traded separately from the energy produced, generally through brokers and dealers facilitating individually negotiated bilateral
arrangements.
Competition
Vehicles
The worldwide automotive market, particularly for alternative fuel vehicles, is highly competitive today and we expect it will
become even more so in the future as we introduce additional, lower priced vehicles such as our Model 3, and as we introduce other
types of vehicles.
We believe the primary competitive factors in our markets include but are not limited to:
o technological innovation;
0 product quality and safety,
0 service options;
0 product performance;
0 design and styling;
0 brand perception;
0 product price; and
0 manufacturing efficiency.
We believe that our vehicles compete in the market both based on their traditional segment classification as well as based on
their propulsion technology. For example, Model S and Model X compete primarily in the extremely competitive premium sedan and
premium SUV markets with internal combustion vehicles from more established automobile manufacturers, including Audi, BMW,
Lexus and Mercedes, and Model 3 will compete with small to medium-sized sedans from manufacturers including Audi, BMW, Lexus,
Mercedes, Honda and Toyota. Our vehicles also compete with vehicles propelled by alternative fuels, principally electricity.
Many established and new automobile manufacturers have entered or have announced plans to enter the alternative fuel vehicle
market. Overall, we believe these announcements and vehicle introductions promote the development of the alternative fuel vehicle
market by highlighting the attractiveness of alternative fuel vehicles, particularly those fueled by electricity, relative to the internal
combustion vehicle. BMW, Daimler, Nissan, Fiat, Ford, General Motors and Mitsubishi, among others, have electric vehicles
available today, and other current and prospective automobile manufacturers are also developing electric vehicles. Electric vehicles
have also already been brought to market in China and other foreign countries and we expect a number of those manufacturers to enter
the United States market as well. In addition, several manufacturers, including General Motors, Toyota, Ford, and Honda, are each
selling hybrid vehicles, including plug-in versions of their hybrid vehicles.
12