Build-to-Suit Lease Arrangement in Buﬂalo, New York
As discussed in Note 8, Property, Plant and Equipment, as part of the SolarCity acquisition, we assumed a build-to-suit lease
arrangement with the Research Foundation for the State University of New York, or the Foundation, where the Foundation will
construct the manufacturing facility and install certain utilities and other improvements, with our participation in the design and
construction of the manufacturing facility, and acquire certain manufacturing equipment designated by us to be used in the
manufacturing facility. The Foundation will cover (i) construction costs related to the manufacturing facility in an amount up to
$350.0 million, (ii) the acquisition and commissioning of the manufacturing equipment in an amount up to $348.1 million and (iii)
$51.9 million for additional specified scope costs, in cases (i) and (ii) only, subject to the maximum funding allocation from the State
of New York, and we will be responsible for any construction and equipment costs in excess of such amounts. We will own the
manufacturing facility and manufacturing equipment purchased by the Foundation. Following completion of the manufacturing
facility, we will lease the manufacturing facility and the manufacturing equipment owned by the Foundation from the Foundation for
an initial period of 10 years, with an option to renew, for $2 per year plus utilities.
Under the terms of the build-to-suit lease arrangement, we are required to achieve specific operational milestones during the
initial term of the lease, which include employing a certain number of employees at the facility, within western New York and within
the State of New York within specified time periods following the completion of the facility. We are also required to spend or incur
approximately $5.0 billion in combined capital, operational expenses and other costs in the State of New York over the 10 years
following the achievement of full production. On an annual basis during the initial lease term, as measured on each anniversary of the
commissioning of the facility, if we fail to meet its specified investment and job creation obligations, then we would be obligated to
pay a $41.2 million “program payment” to the Foundation for each year that we fail to meet these requirements. Furthermore, if the
agreement is terminated due to a material breach by us, then additional amounts might be payable by us.
Due to our involvement with the construction of the facility, our exposure to any potential cost overruns and its other
commitments under the agreement, we are deemed to be the owner of the facility and the manufacturing equipment owned by the
Foundation for accounting purposes during the construction phase. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2016, we recorded a non-cash
build-to-suit lease asset under construction of $783.9 million, and a corresponding build-to-suit lease liability on our consolidated
balance sheets. The non-cash investing and ﬁnancing activities related to the arrangement from the Acquisition Date through
December 31, 2016 amounted to $5.6 million.
Environmental Liabilities
In connection with our Tesla Factory located in Fremont, California, we are obligated to pay for the remediation of certain
environmental conditions existing at the time we purchased the property from New United Motor Manufacturing, Inc. (NUMMI).
Tesla is responsible for the first $15 million of remediation costs and any costs in excess of $30 million or costs incurred after the ten-
year anniversary of closing. NUMMI is responsible for remediation costs between $15 million and $30 million for up to 10 years from
the closing date.
Legal Proceedings
From time to time, we are subject to various legal proceedings that arise from the normal course of
business activities. In addition, from time to time, third parties may assert intellectual property infringement
claims against us in the form of letters and other forms of communication. If an unfavorable ruling were to
occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on our results of operations, prospects, cash
ﬂows, financial position and brand.
In November 2013, a putative securities class action lawsuit was ﬁled against Tesla in US. District Court, Northern District of
California, alleging violations of, and seeking remedies pursuant to, Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and Rule 10b-5. The complaint made claims against Tesla and our CEO, Elon Musk, sought damages and attorney’s fees on the basis
of allegations that, among other things, Tesla and Mr. Musk made false and/or misleading representations and omissions, including
with respect to the safety of Model S. This case was brought on behalf of a putative class consisting of certain persons who purchased
Tesla’s securities between August 19, 2013 and November 17, 2013. On September 26, 2014, the trial court, upon the motion of Tesla
and Mr. Musk, dismissed the complaint with prejudice, and thereafter issued a formal written order to that effect. The plaintiffs
appealed ﬁom the trial court’s order, and on December 21, 2016, the Court of Appeals affirmed the trial court’s decision dismissing
the complaint with prejudice.
97