Cash Equity Debt II
In connection with the cash equity financing on September 8, 2016, SolarCity issued $210.0 million in aggregate principal of
debt that bears interest at a fixed rate of 5.25% per annum. This debt is secured by, among other things, the interests in certain
ﬁnancing funds and is non-recourse to our other assets.
Cash Equity Debt III
In connection with the cash equity ﬁnancing on December 16, 2016, we issued $170.0 million in aggregate principal of debt that
bears interest at a fixed rate of 5.81% per annum. This debt is secured by, among other things, our interests in certain financing funds
and is non-recourse to our other assets.
Solar Asset-backed Notes, Series 2013-1
In November 2013, SolarCity pooled and transferred qualifying solar energy systems and the associated customer contracts into
a Special Purpose Entity (SPE) and issued $54.4 million in aggregate principal of Solar Asset-backed Notes, Series 2013-1, backed by
these solar assets to investors. The SPE is wholly owned by SolarCity and is consolidated in our financial statements. As of
December 31, 2016, these solar assets had a carrying value of $93.0 million and are included under solar energy systems, leased and to
be leased, net, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Solar Asset-backed Notes were issued at a discount of 0.05%. The cash ﬂows
generated by these solar assets are used to service the monthly principal and interest payments on the Solar Asset-backed Notes and
satisfy the SPE’s expenses, and any remaining cash is distributed to a wholly owned subsidiary of ours. We recognize revenue earned
from the associated customer contracts in accordance with our revenue recognition policy. The SPE’s assets and cash ﬂows are not
available to the other creditors of ours, and the creditors of the SPE, including the Solar Asset-backed Note holders, have no recourse
to our other assets. SolarCity contracted with the SPE to provide operations and maintenance and administrative services for the
qualifying solar energy systems.
In connection with the pooling of the assets that were transferred to the SPE in November 2013, SolarCity terminated a lease
pass-through arrangement with an investor. The lease pass-through arrangement had been accounted for as a borrowing and any
amounts outstanding from the lease pass-through arrangement were recorded as a lease pass-through financing obligation. The balance
that was then outstanding from the lease pass-through arrangement was $56.4 million. SolarCity paid the investor an aggregate of
$40.2 million, and the remaining balance is to be paid over time. The remaining balance is paid using the net cash ﬂows generated by
the same assets previously leased under the lease pass-through arrangement, after payment of the principal and interest on the Solar
Asset-backed Notes and expenses related to the assets and the Notes, including asset management fees, custodial fees and trustee fees,
and was contractually documented as a right to participate in future cash ﬂows of the SPE. This right to participate in future residual
cash ﬂows generated by the assets of the SPE (Participating interest) has been recorded as a component of other long-term liabilities
for the noncurrent portion and as a component of accrued liabilities for the current portion. We account for the participation interest as
a liability because the investor has no voting or management rights in the SPE, the participation interest would terminate upon the
investor achieving a specified return and the investor has the option to put the participation interest to us on August 3, 2021 for the
amount necessary for the investor to achieve the specified return, which would require us to settle the participation interest in cash. In
addition, under the terms of the participation interest, we have the option to purchase the participation interest from the investor for the
amount necessary for the investor to achieve the specified return.
Solar Asset-backed Notes, 2014-1
In April 2014, SolarCity pooled and transferred qualifying solar energy systems and the associated customer contracts into a
SPE and issued $70.2 million in aggregate principal of Solar Asset-backed Notes, Series 2014-1, backed by these solar assets to
investors. The SPE is wholly owned by SolarCity and is consolidated in our ﬁnancial statements. As of December 31, 2016, these
solar assets had a carrying value of $113.6 million and are included under solar energy systems, leased and to be leased, net, in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Solar Asset-backed Notes were issued at a discount of 0.01%. The cash ﬂows generated by these
solar assets are used to service the monthly principal and interest payments on the Solar Asset-backed Notes and satisfy the SPE’s
expenses, and any remaining cash is distributed to a wholly owned subsidiary of ours. We recognize revenue earned from the
associated customer contracts in accordance with our revenue recognition policy. The SPE’s assets and cash ﬂows are not available to
the other creditors of ours, and the creditors of the SPE, including the Solar Asset-backed Note holders, have no recourse to our other
assets. SolarCity contracted with the SPE to provide operations and maintenance and administrative services for the qualifying solar
energy systems.
88