On March 28, 2014, a purported stockholder class action was ﬁled in the United States District Court for the Northern District
of California against SolarCity and two of its officers. The complaint alleges violations of federal securities laws, and seeks
unspecified compensatory damages and other relief on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of SolarCity’s securities from March
6, 2013 to March 18, 2014. After a series of amendments to the original complaint, the District Court dismissed the amended
complaint and entered a judgment in SolarCity’s favor on August 9, 2016. The plaintiffs have filed a notice of appeal. We believe that
the claims are without merit and intend to defend against this lawsuit vigorously. We are unable to estimate the possible loss, if any,
associated with this lawsuit.
On August 15, 2016, a purported stockholder class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern
District of California against SolarCity, two of its officers and a former officer. The complaint alleges that SolarCity made projections
of future sales and installations that it failed to achieve and that these projections were fraudulent when made. The plaintiffs claim
violations of federal securities laws and seek unspecified compensatory damages and other relief on behalf of a purported class of
purchasers of SolarCity’s securities from May 5, 2015 to February 16, 2016. We believe that the claims are without merit and intend
to defend against them vigorously. We are unable to estimate the possible loss, if any, associated with this lawsuit.
Litigation Relating to the SolarCity Acquisition
Between September 1, 2016 and October 5, 2016, seven lawsuits were filed in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
by purported stockholders of Tesla challenging Tesla’s acquisition of SolarCity. On October 10, the Court entered orders
consolidating these lawsuits and appointing lead plaintiffs and lead counsel. The consolidated lawsuit is captioned as In re Tesla
Motors, Inc, Stockholders Litigation, CA. No. 12711-VCS. It names as defendants the members of Tesla’s board of directors and
alleges, among other things, that the members of Tesla’s board of directors breached their fiduciary duties in connection with the
SolarCity acquisition. It asserts claims derivatively on behalf of Tesla and directly on behalf of a putative class of Tesla stockholders.
It seeks, among other relief, damages in an unspecified amount and attorneys’ fees and costs. On January 27, 2017, defendants filed a
motion to dismiss the operative complaint. After receiving the motion, plaintiffs indicated that they intend to file an amended
complaint rather than respond to the defendants’ motion to dismiss. Tesla believes that the lawsuit is without merit.
Proceedings Relating to United States Treasury
In July 2012, SolarCity, along with other companies in the solar energy industry, received a subpoena from the US. Treasury
Department’s Office of the Inspector General to deliver certain documents in SolarCity’s possession that were dated, created, revised
or referred to after January 1, 2007 and that relate to SolarCity’s applications for US. Treasury grants or communications with certain
other solar energy development companies or with certain firms that appraise solar energy property for US Treasury grant application
purposes. The Inspector General and the Civil Division of the US. Department of Justice are investigating the administration and
implementation of the US Treasury grant program relating to the fair market value of the solar energy systems that SolarCity
submitted in US. Treasury grant applications. SolarCity has accrued a reserve for its potential liability associated with this ongoing
investigation as of December 31, 2016.
In February 2013, two of SolarCity’s financing funds filed a lawsuit in the United States Court of Federal Claims against the
United States government, seeking to recover approximately $14.0 million that the United States Treasury was obligated to pay, but
failed to pay, under Section 1603 of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. In February 2016, the government filed a
motion seeking leave to assert a counterclaim against the two plaintiff funds on the grounds that the government, in fact, paid them
more, not less, than they were entitled to as a matter of law. We believe that the government’s claims are without merit and expect the
plaintiff funds to litigate the case vigorously. Trial in the case is set for the latter half of 2017. We are unable to estimate the possible
loss, if any, associated with this lawsuit.
Other Matters
From time to time, we have received requests for information from regulators and governmental authorities, such as the National
Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the National Transportation Safety Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission. We
are also subject to various other legal proceedings that arise from the normal course of business activities. In addition, from time to
time, third parties may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us in the form of letters and other forms of
communication. If an unfavorable ruling were to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on our results of
operations, prospects, cash ﬂows, financial position and brand.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
3 1