Derivative Financial Instruments
Cash Flow Hedges
In November 2015, we implemented a program to hedge the foreign currency exposure risk related to certain forecasted
inventory purchases denominated in Japanese yen. The derivative instruments we use are foreign currency forward contracts and are
designated as cash ﬂow hedges with maturity dates of 12 months or less. We do not enter into derivative contracts for trading or
speculative purposes.
The bank counterparties in all contracts expose Tesla to credit-related losses in the event of their nonperformance. However, to
mitigate that risk, Tesla only contracts with counterparties who meet the Company’s minimum requirements under its counterparty
risk assessment process. Tesla monitors ratings, credit spreads, and potential downgrades on at least a quarterly basis. Based on our
on-going assessment of counterparty risk, the Company will adjust its exposure to various counterparties. We generally enter into
master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty.
However, we do not have any master netting arrangements in place with collateral features.
We document each hedge relationship and assess its initial effectiveness at the inception of the hedge contract and we measure
its ongoing effectiveness on a quarterly basis using regression analysis. During the term of an effective hedge contract, we record
gains and losses within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). We reclassify these gains or losses to costs of automotive
revenues in the period the related finished goods inventory is sold or as cost of automotive leasing revenue over the depreciation
period for those sales accounted for as leases. Although our contracts are considered effective hedges, we may experience small
amounts of ineffectiveness due to timing differences between our actual inventory purchases and the settlement date of the related
foreign currency forward contracts. We have recorded no amounts related to hedge ineffectiveness within other income (expense), net
in our Consolidated Statements of Operations, during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015.
There were no outstanding hedging contracts as of December 31, 2016. The net notional amount of these contracts was $322.6
million at December 31, 2015. Outstanding contracts are recognized as either assets or liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at
fair value within prepaid expenses and other current assets or within accrued liabilities and other, depending on our net position. The
net gain of $5.6 million in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as of December 31, 2016, is expected to be recognized to
costs of automotive sales in the period the related finished goods inventory is sold or over the depreciation period for those sales
accounted for as leases in the next twelve months. The total fair values of foreign currency contracts designated as cash ﬂow hedges as
of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was zero and $7.3 million and was determined using Level II inputs and recorded in
prepaid expenses and other current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2016, we
reclassified $44.9 million of gains from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into cost of automotive revenue. No amounts
were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings for the year ended December 31, 2015.
Interest Rate Swaps
SolarCity enters into fixed-for-ﬂoating interest rate swap agreements to swap variable interest payments on certain debt for
fixed interest payments, as required by its lenders. These interest rate swaps are not designated as hedging instruments. Accordingly,
all interest rate swaps are recognized at fair value on our Consolidated Balance Sheets within other assets or other long-term liabilities,
with any changes in fair value recognized as other income (expense), net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and with any
cash ﬂows recognized as investing activities in our Consolidated Statements of Cash ﬂows. As of December 31, 2016, the aggregate
notional amount of these interest rate swaps, the gross asset at fair value, and the gross liability at fair value was $789.6 million, $10.6
million, and $12.1 million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2016, we recognized $7.0 million of gains related to
these interest rate swaps.
Fair Value Disclosure
Our financial instruments that are not re-measured at fair value include accounts receivable, customer notes receivable, rebates
receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, customer deposits, convertible senior notes, participation interest, solar asset-backed
notes, solar loan-backed notes, Solar Bonds and long-term debt. The carrying values of these financial instruments other than
customer notes receivable, convertible senior notes, the participation interest, solar asset-backed notes, Solar Bonds, and long-term
debt approximated their fair value.
77