Our engineering and manufacturing efforts have been performed with a longer-term goal of building a foundation for further
development. For instance, we have designed our battery pack to permit ﬂexibility with respect to battery cell chemistry and form
factor. In so doing, we can leverage the substantial investments and advancements being made globally by battery cell manufacturers
to continue to improve cost. We maintain extensive testing and R&D capabilities at the individual cell level, the full battery-pack level,
and other critical battery pack systems. As a result, we have built an expansive body of knowledge on lithium-ion cell vendors,
chemistry types, and performance characteristics. We believe that the ﬂexibility of our designs, combined with our research and real-
world performance data, will enable us to continue to evaluate new battery cells as they become commercially viable, and thereby
optimize battery pack system performance and cost for our current and future vehicles.
Power Electronics
The power electronics in our electric vehicle powertrain govern the ﬂow of high voltage electrical current throughout the vehicle.
The power electronics have two primary functions, powering our electric motor to generate torque while driving and delivering energy
into the battery pack while charging.
The first function is accomplished through the drive inverter, which converts direct current (DC) from the battery pack into
alternating current (AC) to drive our induction motors. The drive inverter also provides “regenerative braking” functionality, which
captures energy from the wheels to charge the battery pack. Tesla has developed a family of drive inverter designs that are customized
to our proprietary motor designs to most efficiently meet the demands of each of our vehicles. The primary technological advantages
to our designs include the ability to drive large amounts of current in a small physical package.
The second function, charging the battery pack, is accomplished by the charger, which converts alternating current (usually from
a wall outlet or other electricity source) into direct current that can be accepted by the battery. Tesla vehicles can recharge on a wide
variety of electricity sources due to the design of this charger, from a common household outlet to high power circuits meant for more
industrial uses. Tesla vehicles come with a Universal Mobile Connector that allows for multiple different charging services to be used.
We also offer a Tesla Wall Connector that can be set up to provide higher power charging than the Universal Mobile Connectors.
On the road, customers can also charge using our Supercharger network or at a variety of destinations that have deployed our
charging equipment. In addition, our vehicles can charge at a variety of public charging stations around the world, either natively or
through a suite of adapters. This ﬂexibility in charging provides customers with additional mobility, while also allowing them to
conveniently charge the vehicle overnight at home.
Dual Motor Powertrain
In October 2014, we launched the initial version of our dual motor powertrain, which uses two electric motors to provide greater
efficiency, performance, and range in an all-wheel drive configuration. Conventional all-wheel drive vehicles distribute power to the
wheels ﬁom a single engine driving a complex mechanical transmission system. By contrast, Tesla’s dual motor powertrain digitally
and independently controls torque to the front and rear wheels. The almost instantaneous response of the motors, combined with low
centers of gravity, provides drivers with controlled performance and increased traction control.
Vehicle Control and Infotainment Software
The performance and safety systems of our vehicles and their battery packs require sophisticated control software. There are
numerous processors in our vehicles to control these functions, and we write custom firmware for many of these processors. The ﬂow
of electricity between the battery pack and the motor must be tightly controlled in order to deliver the performance and behavior
expected in an automobile. For example, software algorithms enable the vehicle to mimic the “creep” feeling which drivers expect
from an internal combustion engine vehicle without having to apply pressure on the accelerator. Similar algorithms control traction,
vehicle stability and the sustained acceleration and regenerative braking of the vehicle. Software also is used extensively to monitor
the charge state of each of the cells of the battery pack and to manage all of its safety systems. Drivers use the information and control
systems in our vehicles to optimize performance, customize vehicle behavior, manage charging modes and times and control all
infotainment functions. We develop almost all of this software, including most of the user interfaces, internally.
4