Recent Accounting Pronouncements
In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2014-09,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which amends the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. The
new guidance provides a new model to determine when and over what period revenue is recognized. Under this new model, revenue is
recognized as goods or services are delivered in an amount that reﬂects the consideration we expect to collect. In March 2016, the
FASB issued an ASU, Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross
versus Net), which clarifies the principal versus agent guidance in the new revenue recognition standard. In April 2016, the FASB
issued another ASU, Revenue ﬁom Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing, which clarifies the
guidance on accounting for licenses of intellectual property and identifying performance obligations in the new revenue recognition
standard. In May 2016, the FASB issued another ASU, Revenue ﬁom Contracts with Customers: Narrow-Scope Improvements and
Practical Expedient, which clarifies the transition, collectability, noncash consideration and the presentation of sales and other similar
taxes in the new revenue recognition standard. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017; early
adoption is permitted for periods beginning after December 15 , 2016. The new standard is required to be applied retrospectively to
each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying it recognized at the date of
initial application. We have not yet selected a transition method and are evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance.
In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements — Going Concern: Disclosure of
Uncertainties about an Entity ’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (“ASU 2014-15”). ASU 2014-15 requires management to
evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about the entity’s ability to continue as a going concern and, if so, provide certain footnote
disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods
thereafter. We adopted ASU 2014-15 as of December 31, 2016, but it did not impact our consolidated financial statements.
In April 2015, the FASB issued an ASU on simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs, which requires that debt issuance
costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt
liability, consistent with debt discounts. We have retrospectively adopted the ASU as of March 31, 2016, and as a result, on our
December 31, 2015 Consolidated Balance Sheet, we reclassiﬁed $9.6 million as a reduction in prepaid expenses and other current
assets, along with $15.0 million reduction in other assets, with a corresponding reduction in the aggregate carrying value of our long-
term debt liabilities. Similarly, as a result of the change in carrying value of long term debt, $5.2 million was reclassified out of
additional paid in capital and into mezzanine equity on our December 31, 2015 Consolidated Balance Sheet.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The ASU is effective for reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. The ASU will require lessees to report most leases as assets and
liabilities on the balance sheet, while lessor accounting will remain substantially unchanged. The ASU requires a modified
retrospective transition approach for existing leases, whereby the new rules will be applied to the earliest year presented. We are
currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting the ASU on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In March 2016, the F ASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation — Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to
Employee Share-Based PaymentAccounting (“ASU 2016-09”). ASU 2016-09 simpliﬁes several aspects of the accounting for share-
based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and
classification on the statement of cash ﬂows. ASU 2016-09 will become effective for us beginning with the first quarter of 2017. Upon
adoption of the ASU, we plan to account for forfeitures as incurred. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material
impact on our consolidated financial statements. See Note 16, Income taxes, for additional information regarding the impact of the
adoption of this guidance.
In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows: Classiﬁcation of Certain Cash Receipts and
Cash Payments (Topic 230). The ASU addresses the following eight speciﬁc cash ﬂow issues: debt prepayment or debt
extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are
insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business
combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance
policies (including bank-owned life insurance policies); distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in
securitization transactions; and separately identiﬁable cash ﬂows and application of the predominance principle. The ASU is effective
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15 , 2017, with early adoption permitted. We
are currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting the ASU on our consolidated financial statements.
72