ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
You should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this report, which could
materially aﬂect our business, ﬁnancial condition and future results. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our
company. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely
aﬂect our business, ﬁnancial condition and operating results.
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
We have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, significant delays or other complications in the design,
manufacture, launch and production ramp of new vehicles and other products such as our energy storage products and the
solar rooﬁ which could harm our brand, business, prospects, ﬁnancial condition and operating results.
We have experienced in the past launch, manufacturing and production ramp delays or other complications in connection with
new vehicle models such as Model S and Model X, and new vehicle features such as the all-wheel drive dual motor drivetrain on
Model S and the second version of autopilot hardware. For example, at times since the launch of Model X, we encountered
unanticipated challenges, such as certain supply chain constraints, that forced us to decrease the production of these vehicles from our
initial expectations. If unexpected issues arise or recur with respect to any of our production vehicles, we may experience further
delays. In addition, because our vehicle models share certain production facilities with other models, the volume or efficiency of
production with respect to one model may impact the production of other models.
We may also experience similar delays or other complications in bringing to market and ramping production of new vehicles,
such as Model 3, and other products such as our energy storage products and the solar roof. Any significant additional delay or other
complication in the production of our current products or the development, manufacture, launch and production ramp of our future
products, including complications associated with expanding our production capacity, supply chain or regulatory approvals, could
materially damage our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
We may experience delays in realizing our projected timelines and cost and volume targets for the production, launch and
ramp of our Model 3 vehicle, which could harm our business, prospects, ﬁnancial condition and operating results.
Our future business depends in large part on our ability to execute on our plans to develop, manufacture, market and sell the
Model 3 vehicle, which we intend to offer at a lower price point and to produce at significantly higher volumes than our present
production capabilities for the Model S or Model X vehicles. We unveiled a prototype of Model 3 in March 2016 and have announced
our goal to achieve volume production and deliveries of this vehicle in the second half of 2017.
We have no experience to date in manufacturing vehicles at the high volumes that we anticipate for Model 3, and to be
successful, we will need to implement efficient, automated and low-cost manufacturing capabilities, processes and supply chains
necessary to support such volumes. We will also need to do extensive testing to ensure that Model 3 is in compliance with our quality
standards and applicable regulations prior to beginning mass production and delivery of the vehicles. Moreover, our Model 3
production plan will also require significant investments of cash and management resources.
Our production plan for Model 3 is based on many key assumptions, including:
c that we will be able to build and equip a new dedicated final assembly line for high volume production of Model 3 at the
Tesla Factory without exceeding our projected costs and on our projected timeline;
c that we will be able to continue to expand Gigafactory 1 in a timely manner to produce high volumes of quality lithium-
ion cells and integrate such cells into ﬁnished battery packs for Model 3, all at costs that allow us to sell Model 3 at our
target gross margins;
c that the equipment and processes which we install for Model 3 production will be able to accurately manufacture high
volumes of Model 3 vehicles within specified design tolerances and with high quality;
0 that we will be able to continue to engage suppliers for the necessary components on terms and conditions that are
acceptable to us and that we will be able to obtain components on a timely basis and in the necessary quantities to support
high volume production;
0 that we will be able to complete our final tooling, production planning and validation for Model 3 and the delivery of final
component designs to our suppliers in a timely manner; and
c that we will be able to attract, recruit, hire and train skilled employees, including employees on the production line, to operate
our planned high volume production facilities to support Model 3, including at the Tesla Factory and Gigafactory l.
14