Our plan to expand our network of Tesla stores, galleries, service centers and Superchargers will require significant cash
investments and management resources and may not meet expectations with respect to additional sales or installations of our
products or availability of Superchargers.
Our plan to expand our network of Tesla stores, galleries, service centers and Superchargers will require signiﬁcant cash
investments and management resources and may not meet our expectations with respect to additional sales or installations of our products.
This ongoing global expansion, which includes planned entry into markets in which we have limited or no experience selling, delivering,
installing and/or servicing our products, and which may pose legal, regulatory, cultural and political challenges that we have not
previously encountered, may not have the desired effect of increasing sales and installations and expanding our brand presence to the
degree we are anticipating. Furthermore, the increasing number of Model S and Model X vehicles, as well as the significant increase in
our vehicle ﬂeet size that we expect from Model 3, will require us to continue to increase the number of our Supercharger stations
significantly. If we fail to do so, our customers could become dissatisfied, which could adversely affect sales of our vehicles. We will
also need to ensure we are in compliance with any regulatory requirements applicable to the sale, installation and service of our products,
the sale of electricity generated through our solar energy systems, and operation of Superchargers in those jurisdictions, which could take
considerable time and expense. If we experience any delays or cannot meet customer expectations in expanding our network of Tesla
stores, galleries, service centers and Superchargers, this could lead to a decrease in sales or installations of our products and could
negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
We face risks associated with our international operations and expansion, including unfavorable regulatory, political, tax
and labor conditions, and with establishing ourselves in new markets, all of which could harm our business.
We currently have international operations and subsidiaries in various countries and jurisdictions that are subject to legal,
political, and regulatory requirements and social and economic conditions that may be very different from those affecting us
domestically. Additionally, as part of our growth strategy, we will continue to expand our sales, service and Supercharger locations
internationally. International expansion requires us to make significant expenditures, including the establishment of local operating
entities, hiring of local employees and establishing facilities in advance of generating any revenue.
We are subject to a number of risks associated with international business activities that may increase our costs, impact our
ability to sell our products and require significant management attention. These risks include conforming our products to various
international regulatory and safety requirements as well as charging and other electric infrastructures, difficulty in establishing,
staffing and managing foreign operations, challenges in attracting customers, foreign government taxes, regulations and permit
requirements, our ability to enforce our contractual rights; trade restrictions, customs regulations, tariffs and price or exchange
controls, and preferences of foreign nations for domestically manufactured products.
If we fail to eﬂectively grow and manage the residual, ﬁnancing and credit risks related to our vehicle ﬁnancing programs,
our business may suﬂer.
We offer vehicle financing arrangements through our local subsidiaries in the United States, Canada, Germany and the UK,
including leasing directly through certain of those subsidiaries. The profitability of the leasing program depends on our ability to
accurately project residual values, secure adequate financing and/or business partners to fund and grow this program, and screen for
and manage customer credit risk. We expect the need for leasing and other financing options to be significantly higher with the
volumes we expect for our vehicles in the future, especially Model 3, for which we also expect a higher proportion of uptake for such
programs than for Model S or Model X. If we are unable to adequately fund our leasing program with internal funds, or partners or
other external financing sources, and compelling alternative financing programs are not available for our customers, we may be unable
to grow our sales. Furthermore, if our leasing business grows substantially, our business may suffer if we cannot effectively manage
the greater levels of residual and credit risks resulting from growth. Finally, if we do not successfully monitor and comply with
applicable national, state and/or local financial regulations and consumer protection laws governing lease transactions, we may
become subject to enforcement actions or penalties, either of which may harm our business.
Our resale value guarantee and leasing programs for our vehicles expose us to the risk that the resale values of vehicles
returned to us are lower than our estimates and may result in lower revenues, gross margin, proﬁtability and liquidity.
We have provided resale value guarantees to many of our customers, under which such customers may sell their vehicles back
to us at certain points in time at pre-determined resale values. Customers can lease our vehicles through both leasing partners and from
us directly, through our captive ﬁnance companies. The resale values of any vehicles resold or returned to us pursuant to these
programs may be lower than our estimates, which are based on a limited secondary market for our vehicles. If we incorrectly estimate
the residual values of our vehicles, or the volume of vehicles returned to us is higher than our estimates and/or we are not able to resell
them timely or at all, our profitability and/or liquidity could be negatively impacted. In cases where customers retain their vehicles
past the guarantee period, our gross margin will be negatively impacted as all remaining revenues and costs related to the vehicle will
be recognized at no gross profit.
20