We record as deferred revenue any amounts that are collected from customers, including lease prepayments, in excess of
revenue recognized. Deferred revenue also includes the portion of rebates and incentives received from utility companies and various
local and state government agencies, which are recognized as revenue over the lease term, as well as the fees charged for remote
monitoring service, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the respective customer contract term. As of December 31, 2016,
deferred revenue related to such customer payments amounted to $268.2 million. As of December 31, 2016, deferred revenue from
rebates and incentives was not material.
We capitalize initial direct costs from the origination of solar energy system leases or power purchase agreements (the
incremental cost of contract administration, referral fees and sales commissions) as an element of solar energy systems, leased and to
be leased — net, and subsequently amortize these costs over the term of the related lease or power purchase agreement.
Service and Other Revenue
Services and other revenue consists of vehicle repair and maintenance services, vehicle service plans and merchandise, sales of
pre-owned Tesla vehicles, sales of electric vehicle powertrain components and systems to other manufacturers, and sales of non-Tesla
vehicle trade-ins.
Cost of Revenue
Automotive
Cost of automotive revenues includes direct parts, material and labor costs, manufacturing overhead, including amortized
tooling costs, shipping and logistic costs, vehicle internet connectivity costs, allocations of electricity and infrastructure costs related
to our Supercharger network, and reserves for estimated warranty expenses. Cost of revenues also includes adjustments to warranty
expense and charges to write down the carrying value of our inventory when it exceeds its estimated net realizable value and to
provide for on-hand inventory that is either obsolete or is in excess of forecasted demand.
Automotive Leasing
Cost of automotive leasing revenue includes primarily the amortization of operating lease vehicles over the lease term, as well
as warranty expenses recognized as incurred.
Energy Generation and Storage
Energy generation and storage cost of revenue includes direct and direct material and labor costs, warehouse rent, freight,
warranty expense, other overhead costs and amortization of certain acquired intangible assets. In addition, where the arrangement is
accounted for as operating leases, the cost of revenue is primarily comprised of depreciation of the cost of leased solar energy systems,
maintenance costs associated with those systems, and amortization of any initial direct costs.
Services and Other
Cost of services and other revenue includes direct parts, material and labor costs, manufacturing overhead associated with the
sales of electric vehicle powertrain components and systems to other manufacturers, costs associated with providing maintenance and
development-services, and cost associated with sales of pre-owned vehicles.
Sales and other Use Taxes
Taxes assessed by various government entities, such as sales, use and value-added taxes, collected at the time of sale are
excluded from Automotive net sales and revenue.
Transportation Costs
Amounts billed to customers related to shipping and handling are classified as automotive revenue, and related transportation
costs are included in total cost of automotive revenues.
Research and Development Costs
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.
Marketing, Promotional and Advertising Costs
Marketing, promotional and advertising costs are expensed as incurred and are included as an element of selling, general and
administrative expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. We incurred marketing, promotional and advertising costs of
$48.0 million, $58.3 million and $48.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
65