ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE
Not applicable.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We conducted an evaluation as of December 31, 2016, under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of
December 31, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance.
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over ﬁnancial reporting. Internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and Chief Financial
Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of ﬁnancial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that
(l) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of our
assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Ofﬁcer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in
“Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013)” issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). Our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31,
20 16.
We acquired SolarCity on November 21, 2016 in a purchase business combination. We excluded from our assessment of
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, the internal control over ﬁnancial reporting of SolarCity. Associated
with SolarCity are total assets of $8.78 billion (of which $352.9 million represents intangible assets subject to our internal control over
ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016) and total revenues of $84.1 million included in our consolidated financial statements as
of and for the ﬁscal year ended December 31, 2016.
Our independent registered public accounting ﬁrm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has audited the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 as stated in their report which is included herein.
Limitations on the Eﬂectiveness of Controls
Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There was no change in our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting which occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter of the year
ended December 31, 2016 which has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
None
105