Key talent may leave Tesla due to various factors, such as a very competitive labor market for talented individuals with
automotive experience. Currently in California, there is increasing competition for talented individuals with the specialized knowledge
of electric vehicles, software engineers, manufacturing engineers and other skilled employees. This competition affects both our
ability to retain key employees and hire new ones. Our continued success depends upon our continued ability to hire new employees in
a timely manner, especially to support our expansion plans and ramp to high-volume manufacture of vehicles, and retain current
employees. Additionally, we compete with both mature and prosperous companies that have far greater financial resources than we do
and start-ups and emerging companies that promise short-term growth opportunities. Difficulties in retaining current employees or
recruiting new ones could have an adverse effect on our performance.
We are highly dependent on the services of Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer.
We are highly dependent on the services of Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of our Board of Directors and
largest stockholder. Although Mr. Musk spends significant time with Tesla and is highly active in our management, he does not
devote his full time and attention to Tesla. Among other commitments, Mr. Musk also currently serves as Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Technical Officer of Space Exploration Technologies, a developer and manufacturer of space launch vehicles.
We are subject to various environmental and safety laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs upon us and
negatively impact our ability to operate our manufacturing facilities.
As a manufacturing company, including with respect to facilities such as the Tesla Factory, Gigafactory 1 and Gigafactory 2, we
are subject to complex environmental, health and safety laws and regulations at numerous jurisdictional levels in the United States and
abroad, including laws relating to the use, handling, storage, disposal and human exposure to hazardous materials. The costs of
compliance, including remediating contamination if any is found on our properties and any changes to our operations mandated by
new or amended laws, may be significant. We may also face unexpected delays in obtaining permits and approvals required by such
laws in connection with our manufacturing facilities, which would hinder our operation of these facilities. Such costs and delays may
adversely impact our business prospects and operating results. Furthermore, any violations of these laws may result in substantial fines
and penalties, remediation costs, third party damages, or a suspension or cessation of our operations.
Our business may be adversely affected by any disruptions caused by union activities.
It is common for employees at companies with significant manufacturing operations such as us to belong to a union, which can
result in higher employee costs and increased risk of work stoppages. Moreover, regulations in some jurisdictions outside of the
United States mandate employee participation in industrial collective bargaining agreements and work councils with certain
consultation rights with respect to the relevant companies’ operations. Although we work diligently to provide the best possible work
environment for our employees, they may still decide to join or seek recognition to form a labor union, or we may be required to
become a union signatory. Furthermore, we are directly or indirectly dependent upon companies with unionized work forces, such as
parts suppliers and trucking and freight companies, and work stoppages or strikes organized by such unions could have a material
adverse impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. If a work stoppage occurs, it could delay the manufacture and
sale of our products and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results or ﬁnancial condition.
Our products and services are subject to substantial regulations, which are evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by
us to comply with these regulations could substantially harm our business and operating results.
Motor vehicles are subject to substantial regulation under international, federal, state, and local laws. We incur significant costs
in complying with these regulations, and may be required to incur additional costs to comply with any changes to such regulations.
We are subject to laws and regulations applicable to the import, sale and service of automobiles internationally. For example, in
countries outside of the United States, we are required to meet vehicle-specific safety standards that are often materially different from
requirements in the United States, thus resulting in additional investment into the vehicles and systems to ensure regulatory
compliance in those countries. This process may include official review and certification of our vehicles by foreign regulatory
agencies prior to market entry, as well as compliance with foreign reporting and recall management systems requirements.
Additionally, our vehicles are equipped with a range of autopilot features that assist drivers, relieving them of certain tedious
and potentially dangerous aspects of road travel. Autopilot is a recently-introduced feature with which domestic and foreign regulators
have limited experience. Any current or future proposed regulations in this area, if passed, could impact whether and how our
customers are able to use our vehicles equipped for autopilot, and which, depending on the severity of the regulations, could adversely
affect our business.
23