Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Tesla, Inc.
In our opinion, based on our audits and, with respect to the December 31, 2016 balance sheet, the report of other auditors, the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive loss, of redeemable
noncontrolling interests and equity and of cash ﬂows present fairly, in all material respects, the ﬁnancial position of Tesla, Inc. and its
subsidiaries at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash ﬂows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December
31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company's management is responsible for these ﬁnancial statements, for
maintaining effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is
to express opinions on these financial statements and on the Company's internal control over ﬁnancial reporting based on our integrated
audits. We did not audit the pre-acquisition historical basis balance sheet of SolarCity Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary, as of
December 31, 2016, which reﬂects total assets and total liabilities of $9.1 billion and $6.9 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2016.
The pre-acquisition historical basis balance sheet of SolarCity Corporation was audited by other auditors whose report thereon has been
furnished to us, and our opinion on the ﬁnancial statements expressed herein, insofar as it relates to the pre-acquisition historical basis
amounts included for SolarCity Corporation as of December 31, 2016, is based solely on the report of the other auditors. We audited the
adjustments necessary to convert the December 31, 2016 pre-acquisition historical basis balance sheet of SolarCity Corporation to the
basis reﬂected in the Company’s consolidated ﬁnancial statements. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the ﬁnancial statements are ﬁee of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over
ﬁnancial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the ﬁnancial statements included examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and signiﬁcant
estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall ﬁnancial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also
included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits and the report of
other auditors provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
A company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
ﬁnancial reporting and the preparation of ﬁnancial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of ﬁnancial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
ﬁnancial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
As described in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management has excluded SolarCity Corporation
from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 because it was acquired by the Company in a
purchase business combination during 2016. We have also excluded SolarCity Corporation from our audit of internal control over
ﬁnancial reporting. SolarCity Corporation is a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues represent $8.78 billion
(of which $352.9 million represents intangible assets subject to management’s assessment and our audit of internal control over
ﬁnancial reporting) and $84.1 million, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year
ended December 31, 2016.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
San Jose, California
March 1, 2017
54