Income Taxes
Income taxes are computed using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined
based on the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the
year in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce
deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.
We record liabilities related to uncertain tax positions when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are supportable, we
believe that it is more likely than not that those positions may not be fully sustained upon review by tax authorities. Accrued interest
and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are classified as income tax expense.
Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Comprehensive Income (loss) is comprised of net loss and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income
(loss) consists of unrealized gains and losses on derivatives, our available-for—sale marketable securities, and foreign currency
translation adjustment that have been excluded from the determination of net loss.
Stock-based Compensation
We recognize compensation expense for costs related to all share-based payments, including stock options, restricted stock units
(RSUs) and our employee stock purchase plan (the ESPP). The fair value of stock options and the ESPP are estimated on the grant
date and offering date using an option pricing model, respectively. The fair value of RSUs is measured on the grant date based on the
closing fair market value of our common stock. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the
requisite service period, net of estimated forfeitures. Stock-based compensation associated with assumed awards as a result of the
SolarCity acquisition is measured as of the acquisition date using the relevant assumptions and recognized on a straight-line basis over
the remaining requisition service period, net of estimated forfeitures.
For performance-based awards, stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the expected performance achievement
period of individual performance milestones when the achievement of each individual performance milestone becomes probable.
For performance-based awards with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of both performance and market
conditions, the stock-based compensation expense is recognized for each pair of performance and market conditions over the longer of
the expected achievement period of the performance and market conditions, beginning at the point in time that the relevant
performance condition is considered probable of being met (see Note 15 — Equity Incentive Plans).
Noncontrolling Interests and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests
Noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests represent third-party interests in the net assets under certain
funding arrangements, or funds, that SolarCity enters into to finance the costs of solar energy systems under operating leases. We have
determined that the contractual provisions of the funds represent substantive profit sharing arrangements. We have further determined
that the apprOpriate methodology for calculating the noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest balances that
reﬂects the substantive proﬁt sharing arrangements is a balance sheet approach using the Hypothetical Liquidation Book Value
(HLBV) method. Under the HLBV method, the amounts reported as noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests
in our Consolidated Balance Sheets represent the amounts the third-parties would hypothetically receive at each balance sheet date
under the liquidation provisions of the funds, assuming the net assets of the funds were liquidated at their recorded amounts
determined in accordance with GAAP and distributed to the third-parties. The third-parties” interests in the results of operations of the
funds are determined as the difference in the noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest balances in our
Consolidated Balance Sheets between the start and end of each reporting period, after taking into account any capital transactions
between the funds and the third-parties. However, the redeemable noncontrolling interest balance is at least equal to the redemption
amount. The redeemable noncontrolling interest balance is presented as temporary equity in the mezzanine section of our
Consolidated Balance Sheets since these third-parties have the right to redeem their interests in the funds for cash or other assets.
Net Income (Loss) per Share of Common Stock Attributable to Common Stockholders
Our basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock attributable to common stockholders is calculated by
dividing net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding for the
period. Potentially dilutive shares, which are based on the number of shares underlying outstanding stock options and warrants as well
as our Convertible Senior Notes, including the assumed awards and convertible notes from the SolarCity acquisition, using the
treasury stock method or the if-converted method, as applicable, are not included when their effect is antidilutive.
66