Solar Asset-backed Notes, Series 2014-2
In July 2014, SolarCity pooled and transferred qualifying solar energy systems and the associated customer contracts into a SPE
and issued $160.0 million in aggregate principal of Solar Asset-backed Notes, Series 2014-2, Class A, and $41.5 million in aggregate
principal of Solar Asset-backed Notes, Series 2014-2, Class B, backed by these solar assets to investors. The SPE is wholly owned by
SolarCity and is consolidated in our ﬁnancial statements. As of December 31, 2016, these solar assets had a carrying value of $265.6
million and are included under solar energy systems, leased and to be leased — net, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Solar
Asset-backed Notes were issued at a discount of 0.01%. These solar assets and the associated customer contracts are leased to an
investor under a lease pass-through arrangement that we have accounted for as a borrowing. The rent paid by the investor under the
lease pass-through arrangement is used (and, following the expiration of the lease pass-through arrangement, the cash generated by
these solar assets will be used) to service the semi-annual principal and interest payments on the Solar Asset-backed Notes and satisfy
the SPE’s expenses, and any remaining cash is distributed to a wholly owned subsidiary of ours. We recognize revenue earned from
the associated customer contracts in accordance with our revenue recognition policy. The SPE’s assets and cash ﬂows are not
available to the other creditors of ours, and the creditors of the SPE, including the Solar Asset-backed Note holders, have no recourse
to our other assets. SolarCity contracted with the SPE to provide operations and maintenance and administrative services for certain of
the qualifying solar energy systems.
Solar Asset-backed Notes, Series 2015-1
In August 2015, SolarCity pooled and transferred its interests in certain financing funds into a SPE and issued $103.5 million in
aggregate principal of Solar Asset-backed Notes, Series 2015-1, Class A, and $20.0 million in aggregate principal of Solar Asset-
backed Notes, Series 2015-1, Class B, backed by these solar assets to investors. The SPE is wholly owned by SolarCity and is
consolidated in our financial statements. The Solar Asset-backed Notes were issued at a discount of 0.05% for Class A and 1.46% for
Class B. The cash distributed by the underlying financing funds to the SPE are used to service the semi-annual principal and interest
payments on the Solar Asset-backed Notes and satisfy the SPE’s expenses, and any remaining cash is distributed to a wholly owned
subsidiary of ours. The SPE’s assets and cash ﬂows are not available to the other creditors of ours, and the creditors of the SPE,
including the Solar Asset-backed Note holders, have no recourse to our other assets.
Solar Asset-backed Notes, Series 2016-1
In February 2016, SolarCity transferred qualifying solar energy systems and the associated customer contracts into a SPE and
issued $52.2 million in aggregate principal of Solar Asset-backed Notes, Series 2016-1, backed by these solar assets to investors. The
SPE is wholly owned by SolarCity and is consolidated in our ﬁnancial statements. As of December 31, 2016, these solar assets had a
carrying value of $87.7 million and are included under solar energy systems, leased and to be leased, net, in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. The Solar Asset-backed Notes were issued at a discount of 6.7 1%. These solar assets and the associated customer contracts are
leased to an investor under a lease pass-through arrangement that we have accounted for as a borrowing. The rent paid by the investor
under the lease pass-through arrangement is used (and, following the expiration of the lease pass-through arrangement, the cash
generated by these solar assets will be used) to service the semi-annual principal and interest payments on the Solar Asset-backed
Notes and satisfy the SPE’s expenses, and any remaining cash is distributed to a wholly owned subsidiary of ours. We recognize
revenue earned from the associated customer contracts in accordance with our revenue recognition policy. The SPE’s assets and cash
ﬂows are not available to the other creditors of ours, and the creditors of the SPE, including the Solar Asset-backed Note holders, have
no recourse to our other assets. SolarCity contracted with the SPE to provide operations and maintenance and administrative services
for certain of the qualifying solar energy systems.
Solar Loan-backed Notes, Series 2016-A
On January 21, 2016, SolarCity pooled and transferred certain MyPower customer notes receivable into a SPE and issued
$151.6 million in aggregate principal of Solar Loan-backed Notes, Series 2016-A, Class A, and $33.4 million in aggregate principal of
Solar Loan-backed Notes, Series 2016-A, Class B, backed by these notes receivable to investors. The SPE is wholly owned by us and
is consolidated in our ﬁnancial statements. The Solar Loan-backed Notes were issued at a discount of 3.22% for Class A and 15.90%
for Class B. The payments received by the SPE under these notes receivable are used to service the semi-annual principal and interest
payments on the Solar Loan-backed Notes and satisfy the SPE’s expenses, and any remaining cash is distributed to a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company. The SPE’s assets and cash ﬂows are not available to the other creditors of ours, and the creditors of the
SPE, including the Solar Loan-backed Note holders, have no recourse to our other assets.
89