Also, through our acquisition of SolarCity Corporation, which closed on November 21, 2016, we sell renewable energy to our
customers typically at prices below utility rates and are focused on reducing the cost of solar energy for our customers. Since 2006,
SolarCity has installed solar energy systems for over 325,000 customers. Our long-term agreements with our customers generate
recurring payments and create a portfolio of high-quality receivables that we leverage to further reduce the cost of making the switch
to solar energy. The electricity produced by our solar installations represents a very small fraction of total US. electricity generation.
With over tens of millions of single-family homes in our primary service territories, and many more in other locations, we have a large
opportunity to expand and grow this business.
We manufacture our vehicle products primarily at our facilities in Fremont, California, Lathrop, California, Tilburg, Netherlands
and at our Gigafactory 1 near Reno, Nevada. We are currently using battery packs manufactured at Gigafactory l for our energy
storage products, and will build Model 3 battery packs and drive units at Gigafactory 1. We manufacture our solar products at our
factories in Fremont, California and Buffalo, New York (Gigafactory 2).
Qur Products and Services
Vehicles
Model S
Model S is a fully electric, four-door, five-adult passenger sedan that offers compelling range and performance with zero
tailpipe emissions. We offer performance and all-wheel drive dual motor system options. Model S 100D is the longest range all-
electric production sedan in the world, and the performance version with the Ludicrous speed upgrade is the quickest accelerating
production vehicle ever.
Model S offers a unique combination of functionality, convenience, safety and styling without compromising performance and
energy efficiency. Model S also includes premium luxury features, including a 17 inch touch screen driver interface, our advanced
autopilot hardware to enable both active safety and convenience features, and over-the-air software updates. We believe the
combination of performance, safety, styling, convenience and energy efﬁciency of Model S positions it as a compelling alternative to
other vehicles in the luxury and performance segments.
Model X
Model X is the longest range all-electric production sport utility vehicle in the world, and offers exceptional functionality with
high performance features such as our fully electric, all-wheel drive dual motor system and our autopilot system. . Model X can seat
up to seven adults and incorporates a unique falcon wing door system for superior access to the second and third seating rows.
Although the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has not yet conducted crash testing on Model X, based on our internal
testing, we are confident that Model X will receive the highest safety rating. We began customer deliveries of Model X in the third
quarter of 2015 in the United States. Model X is sold in all the markets where Model S is available, including in Asia and Europe.
Model 3
We are developing a third generation electric vehicle, Model 3, which we unveiled in March 2016 and will be produced at the
Tesla Factory. We intend to offer this vehicle at a lower price point and expect to produce it at far higher volumes than our Model S or
Model X. Gigafactory 1 construction and Model 3 development both remain on plan to support volume Model 3 production and
deliveries in the second half of 20 17.
Future Consumer and Commercial E Vs
Following the introduction of Model 3, we are also planning to introduce additional vehicles to address a broader cross-section
of the consumer vehicle market, as well as introduce commercial EVs in the coming years.
Energy Storage
Using the energy management technologies and manufacturing processes developed for our vehicle powertrain systems, we
developed energy storage products for use in homes, commercial facilities and utility sites. The applications for these battery systems
include the provision of backup power, grid independence, peak demand reduction, demand response, reducing intermittency of
renewable generation and wholesale electric market services. We began selling our residential systems in 2013 and our commercial
and utility systems in 2014, and have recently commenced production of the second generation of these systems.
2