Our vehicles and energy storage products make use of lithium-ion battery cells, which have been observed to catch fire or
vent smoke and ﬂame, and such events have raised concerns, and future events may lead to additional concerns, about the
batteries used in automotive applications.
The battery packs that we produce make use of lithium-ion cells. On rare occasions, lithium-ion cells can rapidly release the
energy they contain by venting smoke and ﬂames in a manner that can ignite nearby materials as well as other lithium-ion cells.
While we have designed the battery pack to passively contain any single cell’s release of energy without spreading to
neighboring cells, there can be no assurance that a ﬁeld or testing failure of our vehicles or other battery packs that we produce will
not occur, which could subject us to lawsuits, product recalls, or redesign efforts, all of which would be time consuming and
expensive. Also, negative public perceptions regarding the suitability of lithium-ion cells for automotive applications or any future
incident involving lithium-ion cells such as a vehicle or other ﬁre, even if such incident does not involve our vehicles, could seriously
harm our business.
In addition, we store a significant number of lithium-ion cells at the Tesla Factory and plan to produce high volumes of cells and
battery modules and packs at Gigafactory 1. Any mishandling of battery cells may cause disruption to the operation of our facilities.
While we have implemented safety procedures related to the handling of the cells, there can be no assurance that a safety issue or ﬁre
related to the cells would not disrupt our operations. Such damage or injury could lead to adverse publicity and potentially a safety
recall. Moreover, any failure of a competitor’s electric vehicle or energy storage product may cause indirect adverse publicity for us
and our products. Such adverse publicity could negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and
operating results.
Increases in costs, disruption of supply or shortage of materials, in particular for lithium-ion cells, could harm our business.
We may experience increases in the cost or a sustained interruption in the supply or shortage of materials. Any such increase,
supply interruption or shortage could materially and negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating
results. We use various materials in our business including aluminum, steel, lithium, cobalt, nickel and copper, as well as lithium-ion
cells from suppliers. The prices for these materials ﬂuctuate, and their available supply may be unstable, depending on market
conditions and global demand for these materials, including as a result of increased production of electric vehicles and energy storage
products by our competitors, and could adversely affect our business and operating results. For instance, we are exposed to multiple
risks relating to lithium-ion cells. These risks include:
o the inability or unwillingness of current battery manufacturers to build or operate battery cell manufacturing plants to
supply the numbers of lithium-ion cells we require;
c disruption in the supply of cells due to quality issues or recalls by battery cell manufacturers or any issues that may arise
with respect to cells manufactured at our own facilities;
0 an increase in the cost, or decrease in the available supply, of materials used in the cells; and
o ﬂuctuations in the value of the Japanese yen against the US. dollar as our battery cell purchases for Model S and Model X
are currently denominated in Japanese yen.
Our business is dependent on the continued supply of battery cells for the battery packs used in our vehicles and energy storage
products. While we believe several sources of the battery cells are available for such battery packs, and expect to eventually rely
substantially on battery cells manufactured at our own facilities, we have to date fully qualiﬁed only a very limited number of
suppliers for the cells used in such battery packs and have very limited ﬂexibility in changing cell suppliers. In particular, we have
fully qualified only one supplier for the cells used in battery packs for our current production vehicles. Any disruption in the supply of
battery cells from such suppliers could disrupt production of our vehicles and of the battery packs we produce for other automobile
manufacturers until such time as a different supplier is fully qualified. Furthermore, ﬂuctuations or shortages in petroleum and other
economic conditions may cause us to experience significant increases in freight charges and material costs. Substantial increases in the
prices for our materials or prices charged to us, such as those charged by battery cell suppliers, would increase our operating costs, and
could reduce our margins if we cannot recoup the increased costs through increased vehicle prices. Any attempts to increase vehicle
prices in response to increased material costs could result in cancellations of vehicle orders and reservations and therefore materially
and adversely affect our brand, image, business, prospects and operating results.
1 8