Any unauthorized control or manipulation of our vehicles’ systems could result in loss of confidence in us and our vehicles
and harm our business.
Our vehicles contain complex information technology systems. For example, our vehicles are designed with built-in data
connectivity to accept and install periodic remote updates from us to improve or update the functionality of our vehicles. We have
designed, implemented and tested security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our information technology networks,
our vehicles and their systems. However, hackers have reportedly attempted, and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorized
access to modify, alter and use such networks, vehicles and systems to gain control of, or to change, our vehicles” functionality, user
interface and performance characteristics, or to gain access to data stored in or generated by the vehicle. We encourage reporting of
potential vulnerabilities in the security of our vehicles via our security vulnerability reporting policy, and we aim to remedy any
reported and verified vulnerabilities. Accordingly, we have received reports of potential vulnerabilities in the past and have attempted
to remedy them. However, there can be no assurance that vulnerabilities will not be identified in the future, or that our remediation
efforts are or will be successful.
Any unauthorized access to or control of our vehicles or their systems or any loss of data could result in legal claims or
proceedings. In addition, regardless of their veracity, reports of unauthorized access to our vehicles, their systems or data, as well as
other factors that may result in the perception that our vehicles, their systems or data are capable of being “hacked,” could negatively
affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We have been the subject of such reports
in the past.
Servicing our indebtedness requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash ﬂow from our
business to pay our substantial indebtedness.
As of December 31, 2016, we had outstanding in aggregate principal amounts $205 million of the 2018 Notes, $920 million of
the 2019 Notes and $1.38 billion of the 2021 Notes (collectively, the “Tesla Convertible Notes”). In addition, we have established a
senior secured asset based revolving credit agreement (the “Credit Agreement”) that allows us to borrow, under certain circumstances,
up to $1.2 billion. As of December 31, 2016, we had $969 million in borrowings under the credit facility pursuant to the Credit
Agreement. We are also party to a warehouse credit facility with lender commitments of $600 million (the “Warehouse Facility”), of
which we had borrowed $390 million as of December 31, 2016. Moreover, as of December 31, 2016, our subsidiary SolarCity
Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, had total outstanding indebtedness of $3.6 billion, including under its credit facilities (the
“SolarCity Credit Facilities”). Such outstanding indebtedness included $364 million drawn under a secured revolving credit facility
with lender commitments of $418.5 million as of December 31, 2016 (including commitments expiring as of such date), which
matures in December 2017, as well as $230 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.75% convertible senior notes due 2018, $566
million in aggregate principal amount of 1.625% convertible senior notes due 2019 and $113 million in aggregate principal amount of
zero coupon convertible senior notes due 2020 (collectively, the “SolarCity Convertible Notes”). Our substantial consolidated
indebtedness may increase our vulnerability to any generally adverse economic and industry conditions, and we and our subsidiaries
may, subject to the limitations in the terms of our existing and future indebtedness, incur additional debt, secure existing or future debt
or recapitalize our debt.
Pursuant to their terms, holders may convert their Tesla Convertible Notes at their option prior to the scheduled maturities of the
respective Tesla Convertible Notes under certain circumstances. The 2018 Notes have been convertible at their holders’ option during
each quarter commencing with the fourth quarter of 2013, except the ﬁrst quarter of 2014. Upon conversion of the applicable Tesla
Convertible Notes, we will be obligated to make cash payments in respect of the principal amounts thereof, and we may also have to
deliver cash and/or shares of our common stock, in respect of the conversion value in excess of such principal amounts on such Tesla
Convertible Notes. For example, as of December 31, 2016, we have repaid in cash approximately $455 million in aggregate principal
amount of the 2018 Notes due to early conversions. The SolarCity Convertible Notes are also currently convertible into shares of our
common stock at conversion prices ranging from $300.00 to $759.36 per share. In addition, holders of the Tesla Convertible Notes
and the SolarCity Convertible Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase their notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental
change at a purchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not
including, the fundamental change purchase date.
26