Moreover, as a provider of electricity generated by the solar energy systems we install for customers, we are impacted by federal,
state and local regulations and policies concerning electricity pricing, the interconnection of customer-generated electricity with the
electric grid, and the sale of electricity generated by third-party owned systems. For example, existing or proposed regulations and
policies would permit utilities to limit the amount of electricity generated by our customers with their solar energy systems, charge
fees and penalties to our customers relating to the purchase of energy other than from the grid, adjust electricity rate designs such that
the price of our solar products may not be competitive with that of electricity from the grid, restrict us and our customers from
transacting under our power purchase agreements or qualifying for government incentives and benefits that apply to solar power, and
limit or eliminate net energy metering. If such regulations and policies remain in effect or are adopted in other jurisdictions, or if other
regulations and policies that facilitate the connection of our solar energy systems to the grid are modified or eliminated, they could
deter potential customers from purchasing our solar products, threaten the economics of our existing contracts and cause us to cease
solar energy system sales and operations in the relevant jurisdictions, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition
and results of operations.
We are subject to various privacy and consumer protection laws.
Our privacy policy is posted on our website, and any failure by us or our vendor or other business partners to comply with it or
with federal, state or international privacy, data protection or security laws or regulations could result in regulatory or litigation-related
actions against us, legal liability, fines, damages and other costs. We may also incur substantial expenses and costs in connection with
maintaining compliance with such laws, in particular data protection laws in the EU, which are currently in a state of transition.
Although we take steps to protect the security of our customers’ personal information, we may be required to expend significant
resources to comply with data breach requirements if third parties improperly obtain and use the personal information of our
customers or we otherwise experience a data loss with respect to customers’ personal information. A major breach of our network
security and systems could have negative consequences for our business and future prospects, including possible ﬁnes, penalties and
damages, reduced customer demand for our vehicles, and harm to our reputation and brand.
We may be compelled to undertake product recalls or take other actions, which could adversely affect our brand image and
ﬁnancial performance.
Any product recall in the future may result in adverse publicity, damage our brand and adversely affect our business, prospects,
operating results and financial condition. For example, we initiated a Model S recall in November 2015 after we discovered a single
field unit with a front seat belt issue, and a Model X recall in April 2016 after an internal test revealed unintended movement in the
third row seats during a collision. None of our past recalls have been related to our electric powertrain In the future, we may at
various times, voluntarily or involuntarily, initiate a recall if any of our products or our electric vehicle powertrain components that we
provide to other vehicle OEMs, including any systems or parts sourced from our suppliers, prove to be defective or noncompliant with
applicable laws and regulations, such as federal motor vehicle safety standards. Such recalls, whether voluntary or involuntary or
caused by systems or components engineered or manufactured by us or our suppliers, could involve significant expense and could
adversely affect our brand image in our target markets, as well as our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
Our current and future warranty reserves may be insuﬂicient to cover future warranty claims which could adversely aﬂect
our ﬁnancial performance.
Subject to separate limited warranties for the supplemental restraint system, battery and drive unit, we provide four year or
50,000 mile limited warranties for the purchasers of new Model S and Model X vehicles and pre-owned Model S vehicles certified
and sold by us. The limited warranty for the battery and drive unit covers the drive unit for eight years, as well as the battery for a
period of eight years (or for certain older vehicles, 125,000 miles if reached sooner than eight years), although the battery’s charging
capacity is not covered under any of our warranties or Extended Service plans. In addition, customers of new Model S and Model X
vehicles have the opportunity to purchase an Extended Service plan for the period after the end of the limited warranty for their new
vehicles to cover additional services for up to an additional four years or 50,000 miles, provided it is purchased within a specified
period of time.
For energy storage products, we provide limited warranties against defects and to guarantee certain levels of minimum energy
retention. For example, we guarantee that each Powerwall 2 product will maintain at least 70-80% of its stated capacity after 10 years,
and that each Powerpack 2 product will retain specified minimum energy capacities in each of its first 10 years of use (subject to
stated throughput caps). We also offer extended warranties for periods of up to 20 years at additional cost at the time of purchase,
including a “capacity maintenance agreement” available for the Powerpack 2, as well as workmanship warranties and system
availability guarantees to customers who elect to have us install their systems or perform preventative maintenance services,
respectively.
24