In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows: Restricted Cash (T opic 23 0). The ASU
requires that a statement of cash ﬂows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts
generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. Therefore, amounts generally described as restricted cash and
restricted cash equivalents should be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-
period total amounts shown on the statement of cash ﬂows. The ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those
fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of
adopting the ASU on our consolidated financial statements.
In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16, Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory
(Topic 740). The ASU requires the recognition of current and deferred income taxes for intra-entity transfers of assets other than
inventory. The ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017,
with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the ASU on our consolidated financial statements.
Note 3 - Acquisition of SolarCity
Transaction Overview
On November 21, 2016 (the “Acquisition Date”), we completed our acquisition of SolarCity. As of the acquisition date, our
CEO was the chair of SolarCity’s Board of Directors. Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”), each
issued and outstanding share of SolarCity common stock was converted into 0.110 (the “Exchange Ratio”) shares of Tesla common
stock. SolarCity options and restricted stock unit awards were assumed by Tesla and converted into corresponding equity awards in
respect of Tesla common stock based on the Exchange Ratio, with the awards retaining the same vesting and other terms and
conditions as in effect immediately prior to the acquisition.
Fair Value of Consideration Transferred
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred totaled $2.1 billion, which consisted of the following (in
thousands, except for share and per share amounts):
Total fair value of Tesla common stock
issued (11,124,497 shares issued at $185.04 per share) $ 2,058,477
Fair value of replacement Tesla stock
options and restricted stock units for vested SolarCity awards... 87,500
Total purchase price :$ 2,145,977:
In addition, we also assumed unvested SolarCity awards of $95.9 million which will be recognized as stock-based compensation
expense over the remaining requisite service period. Per ASC 805, Business Combinations, the replacement of stock options or other
share-based payment awards in conjunction with a business combination represents a modification of share-based payment awards
that must be accounted for in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation—Stock Compensation. As a result of our obligation to issue
replacement awards, a portion of the fair-value-based measure of replacement awards is included in measuring the purchase
consideration transferred in the business combination. To determine the portion of the replacement awards that is part of the purchase
consideration, we measured the fair value of both the replacement awards and the historical awards as of the Acquisition Date, in
accordance with ASC 718. The fair value of the replacement awards, whether vested or unvested, was included in the purchase
consideration to the extent that pre-acquisition services had been rendered.
Transaction costs of $21.7 million were expensed as incurred in selling, general and administrative expense of our Consolidated
Statements of Operations.
Fair Value of Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
We accounted for the acquisition using the purchase method of accounting for business combinations under ASC 805, Business
Combinations. The total purchase price is allocated to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities and
noncontrolling interests assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the Acquisition Date.
73