Concentration of Risk
Credit Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to a concentration of credit risk consist of cash, cash equivalents, restricted
cash, accounts receivable, customer notes receivable and interest rate swaps. Our cash equivalents are primarily invested in money
market funds with high credit quality ﬁnancial institutions in the United States. At times, these deposits and securities may be in
excess of insured limits.
As of December 31, 2016, and 2015, our accounts receivable were derived primarily from amounts to be received from financial
institutions and leasing companies offering various ﬁnancing products to our customers, sales of regulatory credits, as well as the
development and sales of powertrain components and systems to automotive original equipment manufacturers (OEMS). In addition,
our accounts receivable were also derived from the sale of our energy generation and storage products, including any receivables from
leasing solar energy systems as well as power purchase agreements. The associated risk of concentration is mitigated by placing liens
on the related solar energy systems. The associated risk of concentration for interest rate swaps is mitigated by transacting with
several highly rated multinational banks. We maintain reserves for any amounts that we consider to be uncollectable.
At December 31, 2016, one customer represented approximately 10% of our total accounts receivable balance. At December 31,
2015, the same customer represented approximately 15% of our total accounts receivable balance.
Supply Risk
The majority of our suppliers are currently single source suppliers, despite efforts to qualify and obtain components from
multiple sources whenever feasible. The loss of any single or limited source supplier or the disruption in the supply of components
from these suppliers could lead to vehicle design changes, increased costs and delays in vehicle deliveries to our customers, which
could hurt our relationships with our customers and result in negative publicity, damage to our brand and a material and adverse effect
on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
Inventory Valuation
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is computed using standard cost for vehicles and energy storage
products, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, ﬁrst-out basis. In addition, cost for solar energy systems are recorded using
actual cost. We record inventory write-downs for excess or obsolete inventories based upon assumptions about on current and future
demand forecasts. If our inventory on hand is in excess of our future demand forecast, the excess amounts are written off.
We also review inventory to determine whether its carrying value exceeds the net amount realizable upon the ultimate sale of
the inventory. This requires us to determine the estimated selling price of our vehicles less the estimated cost to convert inventory on
hand into a finished product. Once inventory is written-down, a new, lower-cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent
changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.
Should our estimates of future selling prices or production costs change, additional and potentially material increases to this
reserve may be required. A small change in our estimates may result in a material charge to our reported financial results.
Operating Lease Vehicles
Vehicles delivered under our resale value guarantee program, vehicles that are leased as part of our leasing programs as well as
any vehicles that are sold with a significant buy-back guarantee are classified as operating lease vehicles as the related revenue
transactions are treated as operating leases. Operating lease vehicles are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation
is computed using the straight-line method over the expected operating lease term. The total cost of operating lease vehicles recorded
in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 was $3.53 billion and $2.00 billion. Accumulated depreciation
related to leased vehicles as of December 31, 2016, and 2015 was $399.5 million and $216.5 million.
Solar Energy Systems, Leased and To Be Leased
We, through the acquisition of SolarCity, are the operating lessor of the solar energy systems under leases that qualify as
operating leases. Our leases are accounted for in accordance with ASC 840, Leases. To determine lease classification, we evaluate
lease terms to determine whether there is a transfer of ownership or bargain purchase option at the end of the lease, whether the lease
term is greater than 75% of the useful life, or whether the present value of minimum lease payments exceed 90% of the fair value at
lease inception. We utilize periodic appraisals to estimate useful life and fair values at lease inception, and residual values at lease
termination. Solar energy systems are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation.
68