If our vehicles or other products that contain our vehicle powertrains or battery packs fail to perform as expected, our ability
to develop, market and sell our electric vehicles could be harmed
If our vehicles, other OEMs’ vehicles that contain our powertrains or our energy storage products were to contain defects in
design and manufacture that cause them not to perform as expected or that require repair, our ability to develop, market and sell our
products could be harmed. For example, the operation of our vehicles is highly dependent on software, which is inherently complex
and could conceivably contain defects and errors. Issues experienced by customers have included those related to the software for the
17 inch display screen, the panoramic roof and the 12 volt battery in the Model S and the seats and doors in the Model X. Although we
attempt to remedy any issues we observe in our vehicles as effectively and rapidly as possible, such efforts may not be timely, may
hamper production or may not be up to the satisfaction of our customers. While we have performed extensive internal testing, we
currently have a limited frame of reference by which to evaluate detailed long-term quality, reliability, durability and performance
characteristics of our battery packs, powertrains, vehicles and energy storage products. There can be no assurance that we will be able
to detect and ﬁx any defects in our products prior to their sale to consumers.
Any product defects or any other failure of our products to perform as expected could harm our reputation and result in delivery
delays, product recalls, product liability claims, signiﬁcant warranty and other expenses, and could have a material adverse impact on
our business, ﬁnancial condition, operating results and prospects. Our Model X vehicles have not yet been evaluated by NHTSA for a
star rating under the New Car Assessment Program, and while based on our internal testing we expect to obtain comparable ratings to
those achieved by Model S, there is no assurance this will occur.
If we fail to scale our business operations and otherwise manage future growth effectively as we rapidly grow our company,
especially internationally, we may not be able to produce, market, sell and service our products successfully.
Any failure to manage our growth effectively could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results
and ﬁnancial condition. We continue to expand our operations signiﬁcantly, especially internationally, including by a planned
transition to high volume vehicle production and the worldwide sales and servicing of a significantly higher number of vehicles than
our current vehicle ﬂeet in the coming years, with the launch and ramp of Model 3. Furthermore, we are developing and growing our
energy storage product and solar business worldwide, including in countries where we have limited or no previous operating
experience in connection with our vehicle business. Our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage our
expansion and growth successfully. We may not be successful in undertaking this global expansion if we are unable to control
expenses and avoid cost overruns and other unexpected operating costs; establish sufﬁcient worldwide sales, service and Supercharger
facilities in a timely manner; adapt our products to meet local requirements; implement the required infrastructure, systems and
processes; and ﬁnd and hire a significant number of additional manufacturing, engineering, service, electrical installation, construction
and administrative personnel.
If we are unable to continue to reduce the manufacturing costs of Model S and Model X or control manufacturing costs for
Model 3, our financial condition and operating results will suffer.
As we have gradually ramped production of Model S and Model X, manufacturing costs per vehicle have decreased. While we
expect ongoing cost reductions to be realized by both us and our suppliers, there is no guarantee we will be able to achieve sufficient
cost savings to reach our gross margin and profitability goals. We incur signiﬁcant costs related to procuring the materials required to
manufacture our vehicles, assembling vehicles and compensating our personnel. We may also incur substantial costs or cost overruns
in increasing the production capability of our vehicle manufacturing facilities, such as for Model 3. Furthermore, if we are unable to
achieve production cost targets on our Model X and Model 3 vehicles pursuant to our plans, we may not be able to meet our gross
margin and other ﬁnancial targets.
Furthermore, many of the factors that impact our manufacturing costs are beyond our control, such as potential increases in the
costs of our materials and components, such as lithium-ion battery cells or aluminum used to produce body panels. If we are unable to
continue to control and reduce our manufacturing costs, our operating results, business and prospects will be harmed.
We are significantbz dependent upon revenue generated from the sale of a limited ﬂeet of electric vehicles, which currently
includes the Model S and Model X and which will also include Model 3 in the near term
We currently generate a significant percentage of our revenues from the sale of two products: Model S and Model X vehicles.
Model 3, for which we are planning to achieve volume production and deliveries in second half of 20 17, requires significant
investment prior to commercial introduction, and there is no guarantee that it will be commercially successful. Historically,
automobile customers have come to expect a variety of vehicles offered in a manufacturer’s ﬂeet and new and improved vehicle
models to be introduced frequently. In order to meet these expectations, we may in the future be required to introduce on a regular
basis new vehicle models as well as enhanced versions of existing vehicle models. To the extent our product variety and cycles do not
meet consumer expectations, our future sales may be adversely affected.
17