Finally, customers who buy energy from us under solar energy system leases or power purchase agreements are covered by
warranties equal to the length of the agreement term, which is typically 20 years. Systems purchased for cash are covered by a
warranty of up to 10 years, with extended warranties available at additional cost. In addition, we pass through to our customers the
inverter and panel manufacturers” warranties, which generally range from 5 to 25 years, subjecting us to the risk that the
manufacturers may later cease operations or fail to honor their underlying warranties. Finally, we provide a performance guarantee
with our leased solar energy systems that compensates a customer on an annual basis if their system does not meet the electricity
production guarantees set forth in their lease.
If our warranty reserves are inadequate to cover future warranty claims on our products, our business, prospects, financial
condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. Warranty reserves include management’s best estimate of
the projected costs to repair or to replace items under warranty. These estimates are based on actual claims incurred to-date and an
estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims. Such estimates are inherently uncertain and changes to our historical or
projected experience, especially with respect to products such as Model 3 that are new and/or that we expect to produce at
significantly greater volumes than our past products, may cause material changes to our warranty reserves in the future.
We are currently expanding and improving our information technology systems and use security measures designed to
protect our systems against breaches and cyber-attacks. If these efforts are not successful, our business and operations could
be disrupted and our operating results and reputation could be harmed
We are currently expanding and improving our information technology systems, including implementing new internally
developed systems, to assist us in the management of our business. In particular, our volume production of multiple vehicles
necessitates continued development, maintenance and improvement of our information technology systems in the United States and
abroad, which include product data management, procurement, inventory management, production planning and execution, sales,
service and logistics, dealer management, financial, tax and regulatory compliance systems. The implementation, maintenance and
improvement of these systems require significant management time, support and cost. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated
with deve10ping, improving and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems, including the disruption of our
data management, procurement, manufacturing execution, finance, supply chain and sales and service processes. These risks may
affect our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies or manufacture, sell, deliver and service vehicles, or
achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations. We also maintain
information technology measures designed to protect us against system security risks, data breaches and cyber—attacks.
We cannot be sure that these systems or their required functionality will be effectively implemented, maintained or expanded as
planned. If we do not successfully implement, maintain or expand these systems as planned, our operations may be disrupted, our
ability to accurately and/or timely report our financial results could be impaired, and deficiencies may arise in our internal control over
ﬁnancial reporting, which may impact our ability to certify our ﬁnancial results. Moreover, our proprietary information could be
compromised and our reputation may be adversely affected. If these systems or their functionality do not operate as we expect them to,
we may be required to expend signiﬁcant resources to make corrections or find alternative sources for performing these functions.
Our insurance strategy may not be adequate to protect us from all business risks.
We may be subject, in the ordinary course of business, to losses resulting from products liability, accidents, acts of God and
other claims against us, for which we may have no insurance coverage. While we currently maintain general liability, automobile,
property, workers’ compensation, and directors’ and officers’ insurance policies, as a general matter, we do not maintain as much
insurance coverage as many other companies do, and in some cases, we do not maintain any at all. Additionally, the policies that we
do have may include significant deductibles, and we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover all future
claims against us. A loss that is uninsured or which exceeds policy limits may require us to pay substantial amounts, which could
adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
Our financial results may vary significantly from period-to-period due to ﬂuctuations in our operating costs.
We expect our period-to-period financial results to vary based on our operating costs which we anticipate will increase
significantly in future periods as we, among other things, design, develop and manufacture Model 3, energy storage and solar products
and other future products, increase the production capacity at our manufacturing facilities to produce vehicles at higher volumes,
including ramping up the production of Model S and Model X, expand Gigafactory 1, open new Tesla stores and service centers with
maintenance and repair capabilities, open new Supercharger locations, develop Gigafactory 2, increase our sales and marketing
activities, and increase our general and administrative functions to support our growing operations. As a result of these factors, we
believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our financial results, especially in the short-term, are not necessarily meaningful and
that these comparisons cannot be relied upon as indicators of future performance. Moreover, our financial results may not meet
expectations of equity research analysts or investors. If any of this occurs, the trading price of our stock could fall substantially, either
suddenly or over time.
25