If one or more of the foregoing assumptions turns out to be incorrect, our ability to successfully launch Model 3 on time and at
volumes and prices that are profitable, as well as our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition, may be materially
and adversely impacted.
We may be unable to meet our growing vehicle production and delivery plans, both of which could harm our business and
prospects.
Our plans call for significant increases in vehicle production and deliveries to high volumes in a short amount of time. Our
ability to achieve these plans will depend upon a number of factors, including our ability to add production lines and capacity as
planned while maintaining our desired quality levels and optimize design and production changes, and our suppliers’ ability to support
our needs. In addition, we have used and may use in the future a number of new manufacturing technologies, techniques and processes
for our vehicles, which we must successfully introduce and scale for high volume production. For example, we have introduced
aluminum spot welding systems and high-speed blow forming of certain difficult to stamp vehicle parts. We have also introduced
unique design features in our vehicles with different manufacturing challenges, such as a 17 inch display screen, dual motor drivetrain,
autopilot hardware and falcon-wing doors. We have limited experience developing, manufacturing, selling and servicing, and
allocating our available resources among, multiple products simultaneously. If we are unable to realize our plans, our brand, business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially damaged.
Concurrent with the significant planned increase in our vehicle production levels, we will also need to continue to significantly
increase deliveries of our vehicles. We have limited experience in delivering a high volume of vehicles, and no experience in
delivering vehicles at the significantly higher volumes we anticipate for Model 3, and we may face difficulties meeting our delivery
and growth plans into both existing markets as well as new markets into which we expand. If we are unable to ramp up to meet our
delivery goals globally, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
We are dependent on our suppliers, the majority of which are single source suppliers, and the inability of these suppliers to
deliver necessary components of our products in a timely manner at prices, quality levels, and volumes acceptable to us, or
our inability to efficiently manage these components, could have a material adverse effect on our ﬁnancial condition and
operating results.
Our current products contain numerous purchased parts which we source globally from hundreds of direct suppliers, the
majority of whom are currently single source suppliers despite efforts to qualify and obtain components from multiple sources
whenever feasible. Any significant unanticipated demand would require us to procure additional components in a short amount of time,
and in the past we have also replaced certain suppliers because of their failure to provide components that met our quality control
standards. While we believe that we will be able to secure additional or alternate sources of supply for most of our components in a
relatively short time frame, there is no assurance that we will be able to do so or develop our own replacements for certain highly
customized components of our products. Moreover, we have signed long-term agreements with Panasonic to be our manufacturing
partner and supplier for lithium-ion cells at Gigafactory l in Nevada and PV cells and panels at Gigafactory 2 in Buffalo, New York.
If we encounter unexpected difficulties with key suppliers such as Panasonic, and if we are unable to fill these needs from other
suppliers, we could experience production delays and potential loss of access to important technology and parts for producing,
servicing and supporting our products.
This limited supply chain exposes us to multiple potential sources of delivery failure or component shortages for the production
of our products, such as those which we experienced in 2012 and 2016 in connection with our slower-than-planned Model S and
Model X ramps. Furthermore, unexpected changes in business conditions, materials pricing, labor issues, wars, governmental changes,
natural disasters such as the March 2011 earthquakes in Japan and other factors beyond our and our suppliers’ control, could also
affect our suppliers’ ability to deliver components to us on a timely basis. The loss of any single or limited source supplier or the
disruption in the supply of components from these suppliers could lead to product design changes and delays in product deliveries to
our customers, which could hurt our relationships with our customers and result in negative publicity, damage to our brand and a
material and adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
Changes in our supply chain have also resulted in the past, and may result in the future, in increased cost. We have also
experienced cost increases from certain of our suppliers in order to meet our quality targets and development timelines as well as due
to design changes that we made, and we may experience similar cost increases in the future. Certain suppliers, including for Model X,
have sought to renegotiate the terms of the supply arrangements. Additionally, we are negotiating with existing suppliers for cost
reductions, seeking new and less expensive suppliers for certain parts, and attempting to redesign certain parts to make them less
expensive to produce. If we are unsuccessful in our efforts to control and reduce supplier costs, our operating results will suffer.
15