Sales and Marketing
Vehicles
Company-Owned Stores and Galleries
We market and sell our vehicles directly to consumers through an international network of company-owned stores and galleries
which we believe enables us to better control costs of inventory, manage warranty service and pricing, maintain and strengthen the
Tesla brand, and obtain rapid customer feedback. Our Tesla stores and galleries are highly visible, premium outlets in major
metropolitan markets, some of which combine retail sales and service. We have also found that opening a service center in a new
geographic area can increase demand. As a result, we have complemented our store strategy with sales facilities and personnel in
service centers to more rapidly expand our retail footprint. We refer to these as “Service Plus” locations. Including all of our stores,
galleries, Service Plus and service facilities, we operated 265 locations around the world as of December 31, 2016.
Tesla Sap ercharger Network
We continue to build a network of fast chargers, each called a Tesla Supercharger, throughout North America, Europe, Asia and
other markets to enable convenient, long-distance travel. Our Supercharger network is a strategic corporate initiative designed to
provide fast charging to enable long-distance travel and remove a barrier to the broader adoption of electric vehicles caused by the
perception of limited vehicle range. The Tesla Supercharger is an industrial grade, high speed charger designed to recharge a Tesla
vehicle significantly more quickly than other charging options. To satisfy growing demand, Supercharger stations typically have
between four and fourteen Superchargers and are strategically placed along well-travelled routes to allow Tesla vehicle owners the
ability to enjoy long distance travel with convenient, minimal stops. Use of the Supercharger network is either free or requires a small
fee to Supercharge. As of December 31, 2016, we had 790 Supercharger stations open worldwide and plan to continue expanding the
Supercharger network.
Destination Charging
We are working with a wide variety of hospitality locations, including hotels, resorts and shopping centers, to offer an additional
charging option for our customers. These destination charging partners deploy our wall connectors and provide charging to Tesla
vehicle owners that patronize their businesses. As of December 31, 2016, over 4,140 locations around the world had more than 7,110
Tesla wall connectors installed.
Orders and Reservations
We typically carry a small inventory of our vehicles at our Tesla stores which are available for immediate sale. The majority of
our customers, however, customize their vehicle by placing an order with us via the Internet. To begin production or make a
reservation, we require an initial payment which is collected once the customer has selected the vehicle speciﬁcations and has entered
into a purchase agreement. We require all remaining payment of the vehicle purchase price upon vehicle delivery to the customer.
Marketing
Historically, we have been able to generate significant media coverage of our company and our vehicles, and we believe we will
continue to do so. To date, for vehicle sales, media coverage and word of mouth have been the primary drivers of our sales leads and
have helped us achieve sales without traditional advertising and at relatively low marketing costs.
Energy Storage
We market and sell our energy storage products to individuals, commercial and industrial customers and utilities through a
variety of channels. Powerwall 2 appears in many of our stores and galleries worldwide, which generates interest in the product. In
the US, we also use our national sales organization, channel partner network and customer referral program to market and sell
Powerwall 2. Outside of the US, we use our international sales organization and a network of channel partners to market and sell
Powerwall 2. We also sell Powerwall 2 directly to utilities who act as a channel to their end-customers. We sell Powerpack systems
to utility and commercial customers through our international sales organization, which consists of experienced power industry
professionals in all of our target markets, as well as a channel partner network.
Solar Energy Systems
We sell our solar products and services through a national sales organization that includes specialized internal call centers,
outside sales force, a channel partner network and a robust customer referral program. In the first quarter of 2017, we also began
offering our solar products and services in select Tesla stores.
6