Certain of our current financing programs outside of North America provide customers with a resale value guarantee under
which those customers have the option of selling their vehicle back to us at a preset future date, generally during the period of 36 to 39
months following delivery for a pre-determined resale value. In certain markets, we also offer resale value guarantees to financial
institutions which may obligate us to repurchase the vehicles for a pre-determined price.
Energy Storage
Through our acquisition of SolarCity, we are able to use available financial instruments in the US. to offer a loan product for
energy storage systems to end-customers, particularly when combined with a new solar installation to take advantage of available tax
credits and incentives to reduce the cost to customer.
Solar Energy Systems
We are an industry leader in offering innovative financing alternatives that allow our customers to make the switch to solar
energy with little to no upfront costs under our SolarLease and Solar PPA, or to take direct advantage of available tax credits and
incentives to reduce the cost of owning a solar energy system through a SolarLoan. Our SolarLease, offers customers a ﬁxed monthly
fee at rates that typically translate into lower monthly utility bills with an electricity production guarantee. Our SolarPPA charges
customers a fee per kWh based on the amount of electricity produced by our solar energy systems at rates typically lower than their
local utility rate. Both our SolarLease and SolarPPA create high-quality, recurring customer payments that we monetize through
ﬁnancing funds we have formed with fund investors and by leveraging the value of our interests. In addition, our Solar Loan offers
third-party financing directly to a qualified customer to enable the customer to purchase and own a solar energy system installed by us.
We are not a party to the loan agreement between the customer and the third-party lender, and the third-party lender has no recourse
against us with respect to the loan.
Manufacturing
Vehicles
We conduct vehicle manufacturing and assembly operations at our facilities in Fremont, California; Lathrop, California; and
Tilburg, Netherlands. We are also building a cell and battery manufacturing facility, Gigafactory 1, outside of Reno, Nevada.
The Tesla Factory in Fremont, CA and Manufacturing Facility in Lathrop, CA
We manufacture the Model S and Model X, and certain components that are critical to our intellectual property and quality
standards, at the Tesla Factory. We will also manufacture Model 3 at the Tesla Factory. The Tesla Factory contains several
manufacturing operations, including stamping, machining, casting, plastics, body assembly, paint operations, drive unit production,
ﬁnal vehicle assembly and end-of—line testing. In addition, we manufacture lithium-ion battery packs, electric motors, gearboxes and
components for our vehicles at the Tesla Factory. Some major vehicle component systems are purchased from suppliers; however we
have a high level of vertical integration in our manufacturing processes at the Tesla Factory. We machine various aluminum
components at our facility in Lathrop, California and are nearing completion of a site expansion to include an aluminum castings
operation.
In some areas of the Tesla Factory, we have designed our investments with ﬂexibility to accommodate multiple products. For
example, our new high volume paint shop and new stamping lines can support Model S, Model X and Model 3. Our final vehicle
assembly line is producing both Model S and Model X. We also continue to make significant additional investments at the Tesla
Factory to be able to start production and deliveries of Model 3, in the second half of 2017. These investments include a new body
assembly shop and Model 3 final vehicle assembly.
The Netherlands
Our European headquarters and manufacturing facilities are located in Amsterdam and Tilburg. The entities through which these
facilities are operated hold the rights to manufacture and distribute all Tesla products to customers in all markets outside of the United
States and provide corporate oversight functions for European sales, service, and administrative functions. Our operations in Tilburg
include final assembly, testing and quality control for vehicles delivered within the European Union, a parts distribution warehouse for
service centers throughout Europe, a center for remanufacturing work and a customer service center.
8