Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Revenue Recognition
We recognize revenue for products and services when: (i) a persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery has
occurred and there are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance; (iii) pricing or fees are fixed or determinable; and (iv)
collection is reasonably assured.
Automotive Revenue
Automotive revenue includes revenues related to deliveries of new vehicles, sales of regulatory credits to other automotive
manufacturers, and specific other elements that meet the definition of a deliverable under multiple-element accounting guidance
including free access to our Supercharger network, free internet connectivity, and future free over-the-air software updates. These
deliverables are valued on a stand-alone basis and we recognize their revenue over our performance period, which is generally the
eight-year life of the vehicle, except for internet connectivity which is over the free four year period. If we sell a deliverable
separately, we use that pricing to determine its fair value; otherwise, we use third party pricing of similar options, our best estimated
selling price by considering costs used to develop and deliver the service, and other information which may be available.
As of December 31, 2016, and 2015 we had deferred $291.2 million and $138.2 million related to the purchase of vehicle
maintenance and service plans, access to our Supercharger network, internet connectivity, autopilot and over-the-air software updates.
At the time of revenue recognition, we record a reserve against revenue for estimated future product returns. Such estimates are
based on historical experience and are immaterial in all periods presented.
Automotive Leasing Revenue
Automotive leasing revenue includes revenue recognized under lease accounting guidance for our direct leasing programs as
well as programs with resale value guarantees. See “Resale Value Guarantees and Other Financing Programs” and “Direct Vehicle
Leasing Program” for further details.
Resale Value Guarantees and Other Financing Programs
Vehicle sales to customers with a resale value guarantee
We offered resale value guarantees or similar buy-back terms to all customers who purchase vehicles and who financed their
vehicle through one of our speciﬁed commercial banking partners. Subsequent to June 30, 2016, this program is available only in
certain international markets. Under this program, customers have the option of selling their vehicle back to us during the guarantee
period for a determined resale value. Guarantee periods generally range from 36 to 39 months. Although we receive full payment for
the vehicle sales price at the time of delivery, we are required to account for these transactions as operating leases. The amount of sale
proceeds equal to the resale value guarantee is deferred until the guarantee expires or is exercised. The remaining sale proceeds are
deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the stated guarantee period to automotive leasing revenue. The guarantee period
expires at the earlier of the end of the guarantee period or the pay-off of the initial loan. We capitalize the cost of these vehicles on our
Consolidated Balance Sheets as operating lease vehicles, net, and depreciate their value, less salvage value, to cost of automotive
leasing revenue over the same period.
In cases when a customer retains ownership of a vehicle at the end of the guarantee period, the resale value guarantee liability
and any remaining deferred revenue balances related to the vehicle are settled to automotive leasing revenue and the net book value of
the leased vehicle is expensed to costs of automotive leasing revenue. In cases when customers return the vehicle back to us during the
guarantee period, we purchase the vehicle from the customer in an amount equal to the resale value guarantee and settle any remaining
deferred balances to automotive leasing revenue and we reclassify the net book value of the vehicle on our balance sheet to pre-owned
vehicle inventory. As of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $179.5 million and $136.8 million of the guarantees were
exercisable by customers within the next twelve months.
6 1