Tesla, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1 - Overview of the Company
Tesla, Inc. (“Tesla”, the “Company”, “we”, “us” or “our”) was incorporated in the state of Delaware on July 1, 2003. We design,
develop, manufacture and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles and energy products. In addition, as a result of our acquisition
of SolarCity Corporation (“SolarCity”) on November 21, 2016, we also are engaged in the design, manufacture, installation and sale
or lease of solar energy systems to residential and commercial customers, or sale of electricity generated by our solar energy systems
to customers. As a result of the acquisition, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, as the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”),
has organized the company, manages resource allocations, and measures performance of the Company’s activities among two
segments: (i) automotive and (ii) energy generation and storage. We have wholly-owned subsidiaries in North America, Europe and
Asia.
Note 2 - Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Basis of Presentation and Preparation
Principles of Consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with US. generally accepted accounting
principles, or GAAP, and reﬂect the accounts and operations of Company and those of our subsidiaries in which we have a controlling
financial interest. In accordance with the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards
Codification, or ASC, 810, Consolidation, we consolidate any variable interest entity, or VIE, of which we are the primary
beneficiary. SolarCity forms VIEs with ﬁnancing fund investors in the ordinary course of business in order to facilitate the funding
and monetization of certain attributes associated with solar energy systems. The typical condition for a controlling financial interest
ownership is holding a majority of the voting interests of an entity, however, a controlling financial interest may also exist in entities,
such as VIEs, through arrangements that do not involve controlling voting interests. ASC 810 requires a variable interest holder to
consolidate a VIE if that party has the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic
performance and the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive
beneﬁts from the VIE that could potentially be signiﬁcant to the VIE. We do not consolidate a VIE in which we have a majority
ownership interest when we are not considered the primary beneficiary. We have determined that we are the primary beneﬁciary of a
number of VIEs (see Note 3, Acquisitions, and Note 18, VIE Arrangements). We evaluate our relationships with all the VIEs on an
ongoing basis to reassess if we continue to be the primary beneficiary. All intercompany transactions and balances have been
eliminated in consolidation.
Reclassiﬁcations
Certain prior period balances have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation in our consolidated financial
statements and the accompanying notes. Such reclassifications had no effect on previously reported results of operations or
accumulated deﬁcit. Starting in Q4, we have reclassiﬁed the revenue and cost of revenue of our energy storage products from
‘services and other’ into ‘energy generation and storage” for all periods presented.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent liabilities and accompanying notes. Estimates are used
for, but not limited to, determining the selling price of products and services in multiple element revenue arrangements and
determining the amortization period of these elements, the collectability of accounts receivable, inventory valuation, fair value of
long-lived assets, fair value of financial instruments, residual value of operating lease vehicles, depreciable lives of property and
equipment and solar energy systems, the fair value and residual value of solar energy systems subject to leases, warranty liabilities,
income taxes, contingencies, the accrued liability for solar energy system performance guarantees, the determination of lease pass-
through ﬁnancing obligations, the discount rates used to determine the fair value of investment tax credits, income taxes, the valuation
of build-to-suit lease assets and the fair value of interest rate swaps, and inputs used to value stock-based compensation. In addition,
estimates and assumptions are used for the accounting for business combinations, including the fair value and useful lives of acquired
tangible and intangible assets, including solar energy systems, leased and to be leased, the fair value of assumed debt, and the fair
value of noncontrolling interests. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed
to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual
results could differ from those estimates.
60