Vehicle sales to customers with a resale value guarantee
We offered resale value guarantees or similar buy-back terms to all customers who purchase vehicles and who financed their
vehicle through one of our speciﬁed commercial banking partners. Subsequent to June 30, 2016, this program is available only in
certain international markets. Under this program, customers have the option of selling their vehicle back to us during the guarantee
period for a determined resale value. Guarantee periods generally range from 36 to 39 months. Although we receive full payment for
the vehicle sales price at the time of delivery, we are required to account for these transactions as operating leases. The amount of sale
proceeds equal to the resale value guarantee is deferred until the guarantee expires or is exercised. The remaining sale proceeds are
deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the stated guarantee period to automotive leasing revenue. The guarantee period
expires at the earlier of the end of the guarantee period or the pay-off of the initial loan. We capitalize the cost of these vehicles on our
Consolidated Balance Sheets as operating lease vehicles, net, and depreciate their value, less salvage value, to cost of automotive
leasing revenue over the same period.
In cases when customer retains ownership of the vehicle at the end of the guarantee period, the resale value guarantee liability
and any remaining deferred revenue balances related to the vehicle are settled to automotive leasing revenue and the net book value of
the leased vehicle is expensed to costs of automotive leasing revenue. In cases when customers return the vehicle back to us during
the guarantee period, we purchase the vehicle from the customer at an amount equal to the resale value guarantee and settle any
remaining deferred balances to automotive leasing revenue and we reclassify the net book value of the vehicle on our balance sheet to
pre-owned vehicle inventory. As of December 31, 2016, $179.5 million of guarantees are exercisable by customers within the next
twelve months.
Vehicle sales to leasing partners with a resale value guarantee
We also offer resale value guarantees in connection with automobile sales to certain bank leasing partners. As we have
guaranteed the value of these vehicles and as the vehicles are leased to end-customers, we account for these transactions as interest
bearing collateralized borrowings as required under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 840 - Leases. Under this program,
cash is received for the full price of the vehicle and is recorded within resale value guarantee for the long-term portion and deferred
revenue for the current portion. We accrete the deferred revenue amount to automotive leasing revenue on a straight line basis over
the guarantee period and accrue interest expense based on our borrowing rate. We capitalize vehicles under this program to leased
vehicles on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and record depreciation from these vehicles to cost of automotive leasing revenues
during the period the vehicle is under a lease arrangement. Cash received for these vehicles, net of revenue recognized during the
period, is classified as collateralized lease borrowings within cash ﬂows from financing activities in our Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows.
At the end of the lease term, we settle our liability in cash by either purchasing the vehicle from the leasing partner for the resale
value guarantee amount, or paying a shortfall to the guarantee amount the leasing partner may realize on the sale of the vehicle. Any
remaining balances within deferred revenue and resale value guarantee will be settled to automotive leasing revenue. In cases where
the bank retains ownership of the vehicle after the end of our guarantee period, we expense the net value of the leased vehicle to costs
of automotive leasing revenue. The maximum cash we could be required to pay under this program, assuming we repurchase of all
vehicles under this program is $855.9 million at December 31, 2016.
As of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had $1.18 billion and $527.5 million of such borrowings recorded in the
resale value guarantee liability and $289.1 million and $120.5 million recorded in deferred revenue liability.
At least annually, we assess the estimated market values of vehicles under our resale value guarantee program to determine if
we have sustained a loss on any of these contracts. As we accumulate more data related to the resale values of our vehicles or as
market conditions change, there may be significant changes to their estimated values.
Direct Vehicle Leasing Program
We offer a vehicle leasing program in certain locations in the North America and Europe. Qualifying customers are permitted
to lease a vehicle directly from Tesla for up to 48 months. At the end of the lease term, customers have the option of either returning
the vehicle to us or purchasing if for a pre-determined residual value. We account for these leasing transactions as operating leases
and recognize leasing revenues over the contractual term and record the depreciation of these vehicles to cost of automotive revenues.
As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, we had deferred $67.2 million and $25.8 million of lease-related upfront payments which will be
recognized on a straight-line basis over the contractual term of the individual leases.
39