Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal and interest on our indebtedness when due or to make payments upon
conversion or repurchase demands with respect to our convertible notes, or to refinance our indebtedness as we may need or desire,
depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our
business may not continue to generate cash ﬂow from operations in the future sufficient to satisfy our obligations under our existing
indebtedness, and any future indebtedness we may incur, and to make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate
such cash ﬂow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying investments or capital
expenditures, selling assets, refinancing or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our
ability to refinance existing or future indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. In
addition, our ability to make payments may be limited by law, by regulatory authority or by agreements governing our future
indebtedness. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms or at all, which
could result in a default on our existing or future indebtedness and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and ﬁnancial condition.
Our debt agreements contain covenant restrictions that may limit our ability to operate our business.
The terms of our Credit Facility and/or certain of the SolarCity Credit Facilities contain, and any of our other future debt
agreements may contain, covenant restrictions that limit our ability to operate our business, including restrictions on our ability to,
among other things, incur additional debt or issue guarantees, create liens, repurchase stock or make other restricted payments, and
make certain voluntary prepayments of specified debt. In addition, under certain circumstances we are required to comply with a fixed
charge coverage ratio. As a result of these covenants, our ability to respond to changes in business and economic conditions and
engage in beneficial transactions, including to obtain additional financing as needed, may be restricted. Furthermore, our failure to
comply with our debt covenants could result in a default under our debt agreements, which could permit the holders to accelerate our
obligation to repay the debt. If any of our debt is accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds available to repay it.
The classiﬁcation of our convertible notes may have an eﬂect on our reported ﬁnancial results.
Our 2018 Notes and the SolarCity Convertible Notes have been historically, and our 2019 Notes and 2021 Notes may become in
the future, convertible at the option of their holders prior to their scheduled terms under certain circumstances. Even if holders do not
elect to convert their convertible notes, if such notes become convertible prior to their scheduled maturity dates, we would be required
to reclassify such notes and the related debt issuance costs as current liabilities and certain portions of our equity outside of equity to
mezzanine equity, which would have an adverse impact on our reported financial results for such quarter, and could have an adverse
impact on the market price of our common stock.
We may need or want to raise additional funds and these funds may not be available to us when we need them If we cannot
raise additional funds when we need or want them, our operations and prospects could be negatively affected
The design, manufacture, sale, installation and/or servicing of automobiles, energy storage products and solar products is a
capital intensive business. Until we are consistently generating positive free cash ﬂows, we may need or want to raise additional funds
through the issuance of equity, equity-related or debt securities or through obtaining credit from financial institutions to fund, together
with our principal sources of liquidity, the costs of developing and manufacturing our current or future vehicles, energy storage
products and/or solar products, to pay any significant unplanned or accelerated expenses or for new significant strategic investments,
or to refinance our significant consolidated indebtedness, even if not required to do so by the terms of such indebtedness. We need
sufficient capital to fund our ongoing operations, continue research and development projects, establish sales and service centers, build
and deploy Superchargers, expand Gigafactory 1, develop Gigafactory 2 and to make the investments in tooling and manufacturing
capital required to introduce new vehicles, energy storage products and solar products. We cannot be certain that additional funds will
be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all. If we cannot raise additional funds when we need them, our ﬁnancial
condition, results of operations, business and prospects could be materially and adversely affected.
Additionally, we use capital from third-party fund investors to reduce the cost of capital of our solar energy system installations,
improve our margins, offset future reductions in government incentives and maintain the price competitiveness of our solar energy
systems. The availability of this tax-advantaged financing depends upon many factors, including the confidence of the investors in the
solar energy industry and the quality and mix of our customer contracts, any regulatory changes impacting the economics of our
existing customer contracts, changes in legal and tax advantages or risks or government incentives associated with these ﬁnancings,
and our ability to compete with other renewable energy companies for the limited number of potential fund investors. Moreover,
interest rates are at historically low levels. If the rate of return required by investors rises as a result of a rise in interest rates, it will
reduce the present value of the customer payment streams underlying, and therefore the total value of, our financing structures,
increasing our cost of capital. If we are unable to establish new financing funds on favorable terms for third-party ownership
arrangements to enable our customers’ access to our solar energy systems with little or no upfront cost, we may be unable to finance
installation of our customers” systems, or our cost of capital could increase and our liquidity may be negatively impacted, any of
which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
27