Potential difficulties we may encounter in the integration process include the following:
o the inability to successfully combine our business with that of SolarCity in a manner that permits the combined company
to achieve the synergies we expect from the acquisition, which would result in the anticipated benefits of the acquisition
not being realized partly or wholly in the time frame currently anticipated or at all;
0 complexities associated with managing the combined businesses;
0 integrating personnel from the two companies;
0 creation of uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems; and
0 potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses, delays or regulatory conditions associated with the
acquisition.
Any failure by us to realize the expected benefits of our substantial investments and commitments with respect to the
manufacture of PV cells, including if we are unable to comply with the terms of our agreement with the Research
Foundation for the State University of New York relating to our Gigafactory 2, could result in negative consequences for our
business.
As part of our acquisition of SolarCity, we acquired certain PV cell manufacturing and technology assets, and a build-to-suit
lease arrangement with the Research Foundation for the State University of New York (the “Foundation”). This agreement with the
Foundation provides for the construction of Gigafactory 2 in Buffalo, New York, which at full capacity we expect will be capable of
producing 1 gigawatt of PV cells, including for our solar roof. Under this agreement, we are obligated to, among other things, employ
specified minimum numbers of personnel in the State of New York during the 10-year period following the arrival of manufacturing
equipment, the receipt of certain permits and other specified items at Gigafactory 2, and spend or incur approximately $5 billion in
combined capital, operational expenses, costs of goods sold and other costs in the State of New York during the 10-year period
following the achievement of full production output at Gigafactory 2. If we fail in any year over the course of the term of the
agreement to meet these obligations, we would be obligated to pay a “program payment” of $41.2 million to the Foundation in such
year. Any inability on our part to comply with the requirements of this agreement may result in the payment of significant amounts to
the Foundation, the termination of our lease at Gigafactory 2, and/or the need to secure an alternative supply of PV cells for products
such as our solar roof Moreover, if we are unable to utilize the other manufacturing and technology assets that were acquired in the
SolarCity acquisition in accordance with our expectations, we may have to recognize accounting charges pertaining to the write-off of
such assets. Any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and
operating results.
We are exposed to ﬂuctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our ﬁnancial results.
Our revenues and costs denominated in foreign currencies are not completely matched. As we have increased Model S
deliveries in markets outside of the United States, we have much higher revenues than costs denominated in other currencies such as
the euro, Chinese yuan, Norwegian kroner, British pound and Canadian dollar. Any strengthening of the US. dollar would tend to
reduce our revenues as measured in US. dollars, as we have historically experienced. In addition, a portion of our costs and expenses
have been, and we anticipate will continue to be, denominated in foreign currencies, including the Japanese yen. If we do not have
fully offsetting revenues in these currencies and if the value of the US. dollar depreciates significantly against these currencies, our
costs as measured in US. dollars as a percent of our revenues will correspondingly increase and our margins will suffer. Moreover,
while we undertake limited hedging activities intended to offset the impact of currency translation exposure, it is impossible to predict
or eliminate such impact. As a result, our operating results could be adversely affected.
If we are unable to attract and/or retain key employees and hire qualified personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed
The loss of the services of any of our key employees could disrupt our operations, delay the development and introduction of
our vehicles and services, and negatively impact our business, prospects and operating results. In particular, we are highly dependent
on the services of Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer, and Jeffrey B. Straubel, our Chief Technical Officer.
None of our key employees is bound by an employment agreement for any specific term and we may not be able to successfully
attract and retain senior leadership necessary to grow our business. Our future success depends upon our ability to attract and retain
executive officers and other key technology, sales, marketing, engineering, manufacturing and support personnel and any failure to do
so could adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
22