These estimates are inherently uncertain and changes to our historical or projected warranty experience may cause material
changes to our warranty reserve in the future. For the solar energy systems that we sell, we provide a warranty on the installation and
components for periods typically between 10 to 30 years. The manufacturer’s warranty on the solar energy systems” components,
which is typically passed-through to customers, ranges from 5 to 30 years. The portion of the warranty provision expected to be
incurred within 12 months is classified as a current liability.
Our warranty reserves do not include projected warranty costs associated with our vehicles and solar energy systems accounted
for as operating leases or collateralized debt arrangements. Any costs to repair these vehicles and systems are expensed as incurred.
Warranty expense is recorded as a component of cost of automotive revenue for Automotive related sale and cost of energy generation
and storage revenue for solar energy and storage systems.
Stock-Based Compensation
We use the fair value method of accounting for our stock options and restricted stock units (RSUs) granted to employees and
our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for the stock-based awards.
The fair value of stock options and ESPP are estimated on the grant date and offering date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model. The fair value of RSUs is measured on the grant date based on the closing fair market value of our common stock. The
resulting cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the awards,
usually the vesting period which is generally four years for stock options and RSUs and six months for the ESPP. Stock-based
compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures.
The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires inputs such as the risk-free interest rate, expected term and expected volatility.
Further, the forfeiture rate also affects the amount of aggregate compensation. These inputs are subjective and generally require
significant judgment.
We estimate our forfeiture rate based on an analysis of our actual forfeiture experience and will continue to evaluate the
appropriateness of the forfeiture rate based on actual forfeiture experience, analysis of employee turnover behavior and other factors.
Quarterly changes in the estimated forfeiture rate can have a significant effect on reported stock-based compensation expense, as the
cumulative effect of adjusting the rate for all expense amortization is recognized in the period the forfeiture estimate is changed. If a
revised forfeiture rate is higher than the previously estimated forfeiture rate, an adjustment is made that will result in a decrease to the
stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements. If a revised forfeiture rate is lower than the
previously estimated forfeiture rate, an adjustment is made that will result in an increase to the stock-based compensation expense
recognized in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
As we accumulate additional employee stock-based awards data over time and as we incorporate market data related to our
common stock, we may calculate significantly different volatilities, expected lives and forfeiture rates, which could materially impact
the valuation of our stock-based awards and the stock-based compensation expense that we will recognize in future periods. Stock-
based compensation expense is recorded in our cost of revenues, research and development expenses, and selling, general and
administrative expenses.
In August 2012, our Board of Directors granted 5,274,901 stock options to our CEO (the “2012 CEO Grant”). The 2012 CEO
Grant consists of ten vesting tranches with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of both performance conditions and
market conditions, assuming continued employment and service to us through each vesting date.
Each of the ten vesting tranches requires a combination of one of the ten pre—determined performance milestones and an
incremental increase in our market capitalization of $4.0 billion, as compared to the initial market capitalization of $3.2 billion
measured at the time of the 2012 CEO Grant.
The term of the 2012 CEO Grant is ten years, so any tranches that remain unvested at the expiration of the 2012 CEO Grant will
be forfeited. In addition, unvested options will be forfeited if our CEO is no longer in that role, whether for cause or otherwise.
We measured the fair value of the 2012 CEO Grant using a Monte Carlo simulation approach with the following assumptions:
risk-free interest rate of 1.65%, expected term of ten years, expected volatility of 55% and dividend yield of 0%.
Stock-based compensation expense associated with the 2012 CEO Grant is recognized for each pair of performance and market
conditions over the longer of the expected achievement period of the performance and market conditions, beginning at the point in
time that the relevant performance condition is considered probable of being met.
41