In the first quarter of 2016, we announced our target to increase overall vehicle production level to 500,000 vehicles in 2018.
Increasing production will require additional capital. We have started the installation of Model 3 manufacturing equipment in
Fremont and at Gigafactory l, and we are on track to support volume production and deliveries in the second half of 2017.
In addition to expanding our vehicle production and deliveries, we expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our
vehicles over the next several quarters due to economies of scale, material cost reductions and more efficient manufacturing. The
decreasing trend in cost of manufacturing vehicles is expected to improve total automotive gross margin over time and mitigate some
of the higher ramp up costs associated with the launch of Model 3. We have achieved cost improvements through material cost
reductions from both engineering and commercial actions and increased manufacturing efficiencies including better inventory control
over utilization and minimization of scrapping materials. This is also evident through increased product reliability including vehicle,
battery and drive units that resulted in a reduction of our warranty expense. In addition, we expect that the acquisition of Grohmann
will further increase our production automation and efficiency.
In order to accommodate a much larger ﬂeet of customer vehicles as we increase deliveries and to provide timely customer
service, we are expanding our sales, service and charging infrastructure worldwide. In particular, we continue to open new Tesla retail
and service locations around the world. As of December 31, 2016, we had a total of 265 sales and service locations, and expect our
long-term vehicle sales outside of North America to be over half of our worldwide total automotive revenue. As we have less
experience in international markets, we may face difficulties meeting our future international expansion plans with respect to timing
and expected sales.
Energy Generation and Storage Demand
We believe that demand for our energy products will continue to increase. We plan to reduce customer acquisition costs by
cutting advertising spend and increasingly selling solar products in Tesla stores. In the fourth quarter of 2016, we revealed the solar
roof product, of which we expect to begin production and installation later in 2017. In addition, in the fourth quarter of 2016, we also
announced our second generation energy storage products, Powerpack 2 and Powerwall 2, which offer signiﬁcant price advantage per
kWh and higher energy density.
Trends in Cash Flow, Capital Expenditures and Operating Expenses
We plan to build 500,000 vehicles in 2018. Given this plan, we continue to invest heavily in capital expenditures. Our capital
expenditure needs include expenditures for the tooling, production equipment and construction of the Model 3 production lines,
equipment to support cell production at the Gigafactory 1, as well as new retail locations, service centers and Supercharger locations.
We expect to invest between $2.0 billion and $2.5 billion in capital expenditures ahead of the start of Model 3 production in 2017.
As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the net book value of our Supercharger network was $207.2 million and $166.6 million,
respectively, and as of December 31, 2016, our Supercharger network included 790 locations globally. We plan to continue investing
in our Supercharger network for the foreseeable future, including in North America, Europe and Asia, and expect such spending to
continue to be a minimal portion of total capital spending. During 2017, we expect that this investment will grow our Supercharger
network greatly. We allocate Supercharger related expenses to cost of total automotive revenues and selling, general, and
administrative expenses. These costs were immaterial for all periods presented.
We expect operating expenses to grow in 2017, driven by engineering, design, and testing expenses related to Model 3, supplier
contracts and higher sales and service costs associated with expanding our worldwide geographic presence. In addition, we expect
operating expenses to increase as a result of the increased selling, general and administrative expenses incurred by our energy
generation and storage segment. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars but
decline over time as a percentage of revenue as we focus on increasing operational efficiency while continuing to expand our customer
and corporate infrastructure. Over time, we also expect total operating expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue.
Automotive Financing Options
We offer loans and leases for our vehicles in certain markets in North America, Europe and Asia primarily through various
financial institutions. We offer a resale value guarantee in connection with certain loans offered by financial institutions. During 2016,
we discontinued the resale value guarantee in North America, but continue to offer it in selected European and Asian markets. Resale
value guarantees available for exercise during ﬁscal year 2017 total $179.5 million in value.
36