In—process research and development (IPR&D) is an intangible asset accounted as an indefinite-lived asset until the completion
or abandonment of the associated research and development effort. During the development period, we conduct an IPR&D
impairment test annually and whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the
IPR&D is impaired. Events which might indicate impairment include, but are not limited to, adverse cost factors, deteriorating
ﬁnancial performance, strategic decisions made in response to economic, market, and competitive conditions, the impact of the
economic environment on us and our customer base, and/or other relevant events such as changes in management, key personnel,
litigations, or customers.
Capitalization of Software Costs
For costs incurred in development of internal use software, we capitalize costs incurred during the application development
stage. Costs related to preliminary project activities and post-implementation activities are expensed as incurred. Internal-use software
is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of three to ten years. We evaluate the useful lives of these assets on
an annual basis and tests for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of
these assets.
Foreign Currency
We determine the functional and reporting currency of each of our international subsidiaries and their operating divisions based
on the primary currency in which they operate. In cases where the functional currency is not the US dollar, we recognize a cumulative
translation adjustment created by the different rates we apply to accumulated deficits, including current period income or loss, and the
balance sheet. For each subsidiary, we apply daily functional currency rate to their income or loss and the month end functional
currency rate to translate the balance sheet.
Beginning January 1, 2015, the functional currency of each of our foreign subsidiaries changed to their local country’s currency.
This change was based on the culmination of facts and circumstances that have developed as we expanded our foreign operations over
the past year. The adjustment of $10.0 million attributable to the current rate translation of non-monetary assets as of the date of the
change is included in accumulated other comprehensive loss on our Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are a result of the effect of exchange rate changes on transactions denominated in
currencies other than the functional currency. Transaction gains and losses are recognized in other income (expense), net, in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 we recorded foreign currency
transaction gains (loss) of $26.1 million, ($45.6) million and $2.0 million.
Warranties
We provide a manufacturer’s warranty on all new and certified pre-owned vehicles, production powertrain components and
systems, and energy products we sell. In addition, we also provide a warranty on the installation and components of the solar energy
systems we sell for periods typically between 10 to 30 years. We accrue a warranty reserve, which includes our best estimate of the
projected costs to repair or to replace items under warranty. These estimates are based on actual claims incurred to-date and an
estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims. These estimates are inherently uncertain and changes to our historical or
projected warranty experience may cause material changes to our warranty reserve in the future. The portion of the warranty provision
expected to be incurred within 12 months is classiﬁed as current within accrued liabilities and other, while the remaining amount is
classified as long-term within other long-term liabilities.
Accrued warranty activity consisted of the following for the periods presented (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
2016 2015 2014
Accrued warranty—beginning ofperiod $ 180,754 $ 129,043 $ 53,182
Assumed warranty liability from acquisition.......... 31,366 — —
Warranty costs (79,147) (52,760) (39,903)
Net changes in liability for pre-existing
warranties, including expirations and foreign
exchange (20,084) 1,470 18,599
Provisionfor 153,766 103,001 97,165
Accrued warranty—end ofperiod $ 266,655 $ 180,754 $ 129,043
70