Gigafactory 2 and Manufacturing
Through our acquisition of SolarCity, we have an agreement with the Research Foundation for the State University of New
York for the construction of an approximately 1 million square foot manufacturing facility capable of producing l gigawatt of solar
panels annually on an approximately 88.24 acre site located in Buffalo, New York, referred to as Gigafactory 2. In December 2016,
we entered into a Production Pricing Agreement: Phases 1-3 (the Phase 1-3 Agreement) with Panasonic Corporation, Panasonic
Corporation of North America and Sanyo Electronic Co., Ltd (collectively, Panasonic). This agreement provides that Panasonic will
manufacture custom photovoltaic (PV) cells and modules for us, primarily at Gigafactory 2, and that we will purchase certain amounts
of PV cells and modules form Panasonic during the 10-year term, with the intent to produce PV cells and modules totaling
approximately 1 gigawatt annually beginning in 2019.
The terms of our agreement with the Research Foundation for the State University of New York, among other things, require us
to comply with a number of covenants during the term of the agreement. Any failure to comply with these covenants could obligate us
to pay significant amounts to the Foundation and result in termination of the agreement. Although we continue to remain on track
with our progress at Gigafactory 2, our expectations as to the cost of building the facility, acquiring manufacturing equipment and
supporting our manufacturing operations may prove incorrect, which could subject us to significant expenses to achieve the desired
benefits.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States, or GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical
experience, as appropriate, and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Changes in the
accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could differ significantly from
the estimates made by our management. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. To the extent that there are
material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future ﬁnancial statement presentation, financial condition, results
of operations and cash ﬂows will be affected. We believe that the following critical accounting policies involve a greater degree of
judgment and complexity than our other accounting policies. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to
understanding and evaluating our consolidated ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
Revenue Recognition
We recognize revenue for products and services when: (i) a persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery has
occurred and there are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance; (iii) pricing or fees are fixed or determinable; and (iv)
collection is reasonably assured.
Automotive Segment
Automotive revenue includes revenues related to deliveries of new vehicles, sales of regulatory credits to other automotive
manufacturers, and specific other elements that meet the definition of a deliverable under multiple-element accounting guidance
including free internet connectivity, free access to our Supercharger network, and free future over the air software updates. These
deliverables are valued on a stand-alone basis and we recognize their revenue over our performance period, which is generally the
eight-year life of the vehicle, except for internet connectivity which is over the free four year period. If we sell a deliverable
separately, we use that pricing to determine its fair value; otherwise, we use our best estimated selling price by considering costs used
to develop and deliver the service, third party pricing of similar options, and other information which may be available.
Starting in the third quarter of 2016, we started to separately present automotive leasing revenue and related cost of revenue. All
prior periods have been reclassified to conform to this presentation. Automotive leasing revenue includes revenue recognized under
lease accounting guidance for our direct leasing programs as well as programs with resale value guarantees. See “Vehicle sales to
customers with a resale value guarantee,” “Vehicle sales to leasing partners with a resale value guarantee” and “Direct Vehicle
Leasing Program” for further details.
Services and other revenue consists of repair and maintenance services, service plans and merchandise, sales of pre-owned Tesla
vehicles, sales of electric vehicle powertrain components and systems to other manufacturers, and sales of non-Tesla vehicle trade-ins.
38