Our energy product portfolio includes systems with a wide range of applications, from use in homes to use in large grid-scale
projects. Powerwall 2 is a 14 kWh rechargeable lithium-ion battery designed to store energy at a home or small commercial facility
and can be used for reducing demand, self-consumption of solar power generation and as backup power. In addition, we offer a 200
kWh Powerpack system which can be used by commercial and industrial customers for peak shaving, load shifting, self-consumption
of solar generation and demand response. The Powerpack system is a fully integrated energy storage solution that can be used by
utilities to smooth and firm the output of renewable power generation sources, provide dynamic energy capacity to the grid, defer or
eliminate the need to upgrade transmission infrastructure and also provide for a variety of grid services for utilities. For grid-scale
applications, 200 kWh battery blocks can be grouped together to offer MWh and GWh installations. We began production of the
second generation of energy storage products at Gigafactory 1 in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Along with designing and manufacturing energy storage products, we continue to develop and advance our software capabilities
for the control and optimal dispatch of energy storage systems across a wide range of markets and applications.
Solar Energy Systems
The major components of our solar energy systems include solar panels that convert sunlight into electrical current, inverters
that convert the electrical output ﬁom the panels to a usable current compatible with the electric grid, racking that attaches the solar
panels to the roof or ground, electrical hardware that connects the solar energy system to the electric grid and our monitoring device.
We purchase the majority of system components from vendors, maintaining multiple sources for each major component to ensure
competitive pricing and an adequate supply of materials. We also design and manufacture other system components.
Our SolarLease and SolarPPA customer agreements have fueled our growth by allowing our customers to pay little or no
upfront costs to switch to distributed solar energy. Over the terms of both agreements, we own and operate the solar energy system
and guarantee its performance. Our current standard SolarLeases and SolarPPAs have 20-year terms, and we typically offer the
opportunity to renew our agreements. Additionally, our Solar Loan offers third-party financing alternatives to allow customers to take
direct advantage of federal tax credits to reduce their electricity costs.
In October 2016, we revealed the solar roof, integrating solar energy production with aesthetically pleasing and durable glass
roofing tiles, designed to complement and power customer homes and commercial buildings. We currently expect to commence
production in the summer of 2017 at our Gigafactory 2 in Buffalo, New York, and begin customer installations of the solar roof later
in 2017.
Technology
Vehicles
Our core competencies are powertrain engineering, vehicle engineering, innovative manufacturing and energy storage. Our core
intellectual property resides not only within our electric powertrain, but also within our ability to design a vehicle that utilizes the
unique advantages of an electric powertrain and the latest advancements in consumer technologies. Our powertrain consists of our
battery pack, power electronics, motor, gearbox and control software. We offer several powertrain variants for the Model S and Model
X that incorporate years of research and development. In addition, we have designed our vehicles to incorporate the latest advances in
consumer technologies, such as mobile computing, sensing, displays, and connectivity. Further evolution of our technology continues
for Model 3 and future vehicles. In addition, advancements in battery architecture, thermal management and power electronics that
were originally commercialized in our vehicles, are now being leveraged in our energy storage products.
Battely Pack
We design our battery packs to achieve high energy density at a low cost while also maintaining safety, reliability and long life.
Our proprietary technology includes systems for high density energy storage, cooling, safety, charge balancing, structural durability,
and electronics management. We have also pioneered advanced manufacturing techniques to manufacture large volumes of battery
packs with high quality and low costs.
We have significant expertise in the safety and management systems needed to use lithium-ion cells in the automotive
environment, and have actively worked with lithium-ion cell suppliers to further optimize cell designs to increase overall performance.
These advancements have enabled us to improve cost and performance of our batteries over time. For example, we recently upgraded
the battery of our highest range Model S to 100 kWh.
3