Principles of Consolidation
Our consolidated financial statements reﬂect our accounts and operations and those of our subsidiaries in which we have a
controlling financial interest. In accordance with the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, ASC 810
Consolidation, we consolidate any variable interest entity, or VIE, of which we are the primary beneficiary. We form VIEs with our
ﬁnancing fund investors in the ordinary course of business in order to facilitate the funding and monetization of certain attributes
associated with our solar energy systems. The typical condition for a controlling financial interest ownership is holding a majority of
the voting interests of an entity; however, a controlling financial interest may also exist in entities, such as VIEs, through
arrangements that do not involve controlling voting interests. ASC 810 requires a variable interest holder to consolidate a VIE if that
party has the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and the
obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that
could potentially be significant to the VIE. We do not consolidate a VIE in which we have a majority ownership interest when we are
not considered the primary beneficiary. We have determined that we are the primary beneficiary of a number of VIEs. We evaluate
our relationships with all the VIEs on an ongoing basis to ensure that we continue to be the primary beneficiary. All intercompany
transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.
Noncontrolling Interests and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests
Noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests represent third-party interests in the net assets under certain
funding arrangements, or funds, that SolarCity enters into to finance the costs of solar energy systems under operating leases. We have
determined that the contractual provisions of the funds represent substantive profit sharing arrangements. We have further determined
that the apprOpriate methodology for calculating the noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest balances that
reﬂects the substantive proﬁt sharing arrangements is a balance sheet approach using the HLBV method. We, therefore, determine the
amount of the noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests in the net assets of the funds at each balance sheet date
using the HLBV method, which is presented on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries and
redeemable noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries. Under the HLBV method, the amounts reported as noncontrolling interests and
redeemable noncontrolling interests in our consolidated balance sheets represent the amounts the third-parties would hypothetically
receive at each balance sheet date under the liquidation provisions of the funds, assuming the net assets of the funds were liquidated at
their recorded amounts determined in accordance with GAAP and distributed to the third-parties. The third-parties” interests in the
results of operations of the funds are determined as the difference in the noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest
balances in our Consolidated Balance Sheets between the start and end of each reporting period, after taking into account any capital
transactions between the funds and the third-parties. However, the redeemable noncontrolling interest balance is at least equal to the
redemption amount. The redeemable noncontrolling interest balance is presented as temporary equity in the mezzanine section of our
Consolidated Balance Sheets since these third-parties have the right to redeem their interests in the funds for cash or other assets.
Business Combinations
We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets
acquired based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these
identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. The excess of the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities over
the fair value of purchase consideration is recorded as gain from bargain purchase in other income and expense, net in our
Consolidated Statements of Operations. When determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, management
makes significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets and certain tangible assets such as solar
energy systems acquired as part of our SolarCity acquisition.
Critical estimates in valuing certain tangible and intangible assets include but are not limited to future expected cash ﬂows from
the underlying assets and discount rates. Management’s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable,
but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates.
Other estimates associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change as additional information becomes available
regarding the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as more fully discussed in Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
43