Energy Storage
The market for energy storage products is also highly competitive. Established companies, such as AES Energy Storage, LG
Chem and Samsung, as well as various emerging companies, have introduced products that are similar to our product portfolio. There
are several companies providing individual components of energy storage systems (such as cells, battery modules, and power
electronics) as well as others providing integrated systems. We compete with these companies on price, energy density and efficiency.
We believe that the superior specifications of our products, our strong brand, and the modular, scalable nature of our Powerpack 2
product give us a competitive advantage when marketing our products.
Solar Energy Systems
The primary competitors to our solar energy business are the traditional local utility companies that supply energy to our
potential customers. We compete with these traditional utility companies primarily based on price, predictability of price and the ease
by which customers can switch to electricity generated by our solar energy systems rather than fossil fuel based alternatives. We also
compete with solar energy companies that provide products and services in distinct segments of solar energy and energy-related
products. Many solar energy companies only install solar energy systems, while others only provide ﬁnancing for these installations.
In the residential solar energy system installation market, our primary competitors include Vivint Solar Inc., Sunrun Inc., Trinity Solar,
Sungevity, Inc., and many smaller local solar companies.
Intellectual Property
As part of our business, we seek to protect our intellectual property rights such as with respect to patents, trademarks, copyrights,
trade secrets, including through employee and third party nondisclosure agreements, and other contractual arrangements. Additionally,
we previously announced a patent policy in which we irrevocably pledged that we will not initiate a lawsuit against any party for
infringing our patents through activity relating to electric vehicles or related equipment for so long as such party is acting in good faith.
We made this pledge in order to encourage the advancement of a common, rapidly-evolving platform for electric vehicles, thereby
beneﬁting ourselves, other companies making electric vehicles, and the world.
Segment Information
We operate as two reportable segments: automotive and energy generation and storage.
The automotive segment includes the design, development, manufacturing, and sales of electric vehicles. The energy generation
and storage segment includes the design, manufacture, installation, and sale or lease of stationary energy storage products and solar
energy systems to residential and commercial customers, or sale of electricity generated by our solar energy systems to customers.
Employees
As of December 31, 2016, Tesla, Inc. had 17,782 full-time employees and SolarCity Corporation had 12,243 full-time
employees. To date, we have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good.
Available Information
We file or furnish periodic reports and amendments thereto, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports
on Form lO-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K; proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). Such reports, amendments, proxy statements and other information may be obtained by visiting the Public
Reference Room of the SEC at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC. 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference
Room can be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-O330. In addition, the SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains
reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that ﬁle electronically. Our reports, amendments
thereto, proxy statements and other information are also made available, free of charge, on our investor relations website
at ir.tesla.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such information with the SEC. The information
posted on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
13