Identiﬁable intangible assets
A preliminary assessment of the fair value of identified intangible assets and their respective useful lives are as follows (in
thousands, except for estimated useful life):
As of December 31, 2016
Approximate Estimated Useful Life
Fair Value (in years)
Developedtechnology....................................... $ 113,361 7
Trade 43,500 5
Favorable contracts and leases, 112,817 15
86,832 N/A
Total intangible assets 8 356,510:
Acquired in-process research and development (IPR&D) is an intangible asset accounted for as an indeﬁnite-lived asset until the
completion or abandonment of the associated research and development effort. If the research and development effort associated with
the IPR&D is successfully completed and commercial feasibility is reached, then the IPR&D intangible asset will be amortized over
its estimated useful life to be determined at the date the effort is completed. The research and development efforts associated with
these IPR&D intangible assets are expected to be completed in the second half of 2017. The fair value of the IPR&D is determined
using the replacement cost method under the cost approach. The replacement cost is estimated based on the historical acquisition cost
of the technology and historical R&D expenses incurred, adjusted for an estimated developer’s proﬁt, opportunity cost and
obsolescence factor in accordance with accepted valuation methodologies. At the time of acquisition, we expect that all acquired
IPR&D will reach technological feasibility, but there can be no assurance that the commercial viability of these products will actually
be achieved. The nature of the efforts to develop the acquired technologies into commercially viable products consists principally of
planning, designing, and testing the technology for viability in manufacturing. If commercial viability were not achieved, we would
likely look to other alternative technologies. If the related R&D project is not completed in a timely manner or the R&D project is
terminated or abandoned, we may have an impairment related to the IPR&D, calculated as the excess of the asset’s carrying value
over its fair value.
Unaudited Pro F orma Financial Information
Our consolidated financial statements for 2016 include SolarCity’s results of operations ﬁom the Acquisition Date through
December 31, 2016. Net revenues and operating loss attributable to SolarCity during this period and included in our consolidated
financial statements were $84.1 million and $68.2 million, respectively.
The following unaudited pro forma information gives effect to the acquisition of SolarCity as if the acquisition had occurred on
January 1, 2015 and had been included in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for 2015 and 2016.
Year Ended
2016 2015
$ 7,539,077 $ 4,354,324
Net loss attributable to common stockholders (609,395) (1,017,223)
Net loss per share of common stock, basic and
$ (4.23) $ (7.30)
Weighted-average shares used in computing net
loss per share of common stock, basic and
144,212 139,327
The unaudited pro forma financial information includes adjustments to give effect to pro forma events that are directly
attributable to the acquisition. The pro forma ﬁnancial information includes adjustments to amortization and depreciation for solar
energy systems, leased to be leased, intangible assets acquired, the effect of acquisition on deferred revenue and noncontrolling
interests, and transaction costs related to the acquisition. The unaudited pro forma ﬁnancial information is presented for illustrative
purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations of future periods. The unaudited pro forma financial
information does not give effect to the potential impact of current financial conditions, regulatory matters, or any anticipated synergies,
operating efficiencies, or cost savings that may be associated with the acquisition. Consequently, actual results will differ from the
unaudited pro forma financial information presented.
75