The following table presents the potential weighted common shares outstanding that were excluded ﬁom the computation of basic
and diluted net loss per share of common stock attributable to common stockholders for the periods, related to the following securities:
Year Ended December 31,
2016 2015 2014
Employee share based awards 12,091,473 15,592,736 14,729,749
Convertible senior 841,191 2,431,265 2,344,998
Warrantsissued May 262,702 1,049,791 921,985
Business Combinations
We account for business acquisitions under ASC 805, Business Combinations. The cost of an acquisition is measured at the fair
value of the assets given, equity instruments issued and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. Costs that are directly attributable to
the acquisition are expensed as incurred. Identifiable assets, including intangible assets, liabilities assumed, including contingent
liabilities, in an acquisition are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. Any noncontrolling interests in the
acquired business are also initially measured at fair value. We recognize goodwill if the aggregate fair value of the total purchase
consideration and the noncontrolling interests is in excess of the aggregate fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and the
liabilities assumed. We recognize a bargain purchase gain in other income and expense, net, in our Consolidated Statement of
Operations, if the aggregate fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed is in excess of the fair value of the
total purchase consideration. We include the results of operations of the business that we acquire as of the respective date of
acquisition.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
All highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase are considered to be cash
equivalents. We currently invest our cash equivalents primarily in money market funds.
Restricted Cash and Deposits
We maintain certain cash amounts restricted as to withdrawal or use. Current and noncurrent restricted cash as of December 31,
2016, and 2015 was comprised primarily of cash as collateral related to our sales to lease partners with a resale value guarantee and
for letters of credit including for our real estate leases, and insurance policies. In addition, restricted cash as of December 31, 2016,
includes cash received from certain fund investors that had not been released for use by us, cash held to service certain payments
under various secured debt facilities, including management fees, principal and interest payments, and balances collateralizing
outstanding letters of credit, outstanding credit card borrowing facilities and obligations under certain operating leases.
Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
Accounts receivable primarily include amounts related to sales of powertrain systems, sale of energy generation and storage
products, receivables from financial institutions and leasing companies offering various financing products to our customers,
regulatory credits to other automotive manufacturers, and from maintenance services on vehicles owned by leasing companies. We
provide an allowance against amounts receivable to the amount we reasonably believe will be collected. We write off accounts
receivable when they are deemed uncollectible.
We typically do not carry accounts receivable related to our vehicle and related sales as customer payments are due prior to
vehicle delivery, except for the amounts due from commercial financial institutions for approved financing arrangements between our
customers and the financial institutions.
Customer Notes Receivable
As part of the SolarCity acquisition, we acquired certain customer notes receivable under the legacy MyPower loan program.
The outstanding balances, net of any allowance for potentially uncollectible amounts, are presented on our Consolidated Balance
Sheets as a component of prepaid expenses and other current assets for the current portion and as MyPower customer notes receivable,
net of current portion, for the long-term portion. In determining the allowance and credit quality for customer notes receivable, we
identify significant customers with known disputes or collection issues and also consider our historical level of credit losses and
current economic trends that might impact the level of future credit losses. Customer notes receivable that are individually impaired
are charged-off as a write-off of allowance for losses. As of December 31, 2016, there were no significant customers with known
disputes or collection issues, and the amount of potentially uncollectible amounts was insignificant. Accordingly, we did not establish
an allowance for losses against customer notes receivable. In addition, there were no material non-accrual or past due customer notes
receivable as of December 31, 2016.
67