Maintenance and Service Plans
We offer a prepaid maintenance program for our vehicles, which includes plans covering maintenance for up to eight years or
up to 100,000 miles, provided these services are purchased within a specified period of time. The maintenance plans cover annual
inspections and the replacement of wear and tear parts, excluding tires and the battery. Payments collected in advance of the
performance of service are initially recorded in deferred revenues on the consolidated balance sheets and recognized in automotive
sales as we fulfill our performance obligations.
We also offer an extended service plan, which covers the repair or replacement of vehicle parts for an additional four years or up
to an additional 50,000 miles, after the end of our initial New Vehicle Limited Warranty, provided they are purchased within a
specified period of time. Payments collected in advance of the performance of service are initially recorded in deferred revenues on
the consolidated balance sheets and recognized in automotive sales ratably over the service coverage periods.
Energy Generation and Storage Segment
For solar energy systems and components sales wherein customers pay the full purchase price, either directly or through the
Solar Loan program, revenue is recognized when we install a solar energy system and the solar energy system passes inspection by the
utility or the authority having jurisdiction, provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. In instances where there are
multiple deliverables in a single arrangement, we allocate the arrangement consideration to the various elements in the arrangement
based on the relative selling price method. Costs incurred on residential installations before the solar energy systems are completed are
included in inventories as work in progress in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. However, any fees that are paid or payable by us to a
Solar Loan lender would be recognized as an offset against solar energy systems and components sales revenue, in accordance with
ASC 605-50, Customer Payments and Incentives. Revenue for energy storage product sale is recognized when the product is
delivered or installed, provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met.
For revenue arrangements where we are the lessor under operating lease agreements for solar energy systems, including energy
storage products, we record lease revenue from minimum lease payments, including upfront rebates and incentives earned from such
systems, on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease term, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met. For incentives
that are earned based on the amount of electricity generated by the system, we record revenue as the amounts are earned. The
difference between the payments received and the revenue recognized is recorded as deferred revenue on our Consolidated Balance
Sheets.
For solar energy systems where customers purchase electricity from us under power purchase agreements, we have determined
that these agreements should be accounted for, in substance, as operating leases pursuant to ASC 840. Revenue is recognized based on
the amount of electricity delivered at rates specified under the contracts, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met.
We capitalize initial direct costs from the origination of solar energy system leases or power purchase agreements (the
incremental cost of contract administration, referral fees and sales commissions) as an element of solar energy systems, leased and to
be leased — net, and subsequently amortize these costs over the term of the related lease or power purchase agreement.
Inventory Valuation
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is computed using standard cost for vehicles and energy storage
products, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, ﬁrst-out basis. In addition, cost for solar energy systems are recorded using
actual cost. We record inventory write-downs for excess or obsolete inventories based upon assumptions about on current and future
demand forecasts. If our inventory on hand is in excess of our future demand forecast, the excess amounts are written off.
We also review inventory to determine whether its carrying value exceeds the net amount realizable upon the ultimate sale of
the inventory. This requires us to determine the estimated selling price of our vehicles less the estimated cost to convert inventory on
hand into a finished product. Once inventory is written-down, a new, lower-cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent
changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.
Should our estimates of future selling prices or production costs change, additional and potentially material increases to this
reserve may be required. A small change in our estimates may result in a material charge to our reported financial results.
Warranties
We provide a manufacturer’s warranty on all vehicles, production powertrain components and systems, and energy generation
and storage products we sell. At the time of delivery, we accrue for a manufacturer’s warranty which includes our best estimate of the
projected costs to repair or to replace items under warranty. These estimates are based on actual claims incurred to-date and an
estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims.
40