We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business, which could cause our stock
price to decline.
We occasionally provide guidance regarding our expected ﬁnancial and business performance, such as projections regarding
sales and production, as well as anticipated future revenues, gross margins, proﬁtability and cash ﬂows. Correctly identifying key
factors affecting business conditions and predicting future events is inherently an uncertain process and our guidance may not
ultimately be accurate. Our guidance is based on certain assumptions such as those relating to anticipated production and sales
volumes and average sales prices, supplier and commodity costs, and planned cost reductions. If our guidance is not accurate or varies
from actual results due to our inability to meet our assumptions or the impact on our ﬁnancial performance that could occur as a result
of various risks and uncertainties, the market value of our common stock could decline signiﬁcantly.
Transactions relating to our convertible notes may dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders, or may otherwise
depress the price of our common stock.
The conversion of some or all of the Tesla Convertible Notes or the SolarCity Convertible Notes would dilute the ownership
interests of existing stockholders to the extent we deliver shares upon conversion of any of such notes. Our 2018 Notes and the
SolarCity Convertible Notes have been historically, and the other Tesla Convertible Notes may become in the future, convertible at
the option of their holders prior to their scheduled terms under certain circumstances. If holders elect to convert their convertible notes,
we could be required to deliver to them a significant number of shares of our common stock. Any sales in the public market of the
common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the
existence of the convertible notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of such notes could be
used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of such notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our
common stock.
Moreover, in connection with each issuance of the Tesla Convertible Notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions,
which are expected to reduce the potential dilution and/or offset potential cash payments we are required to make in excess of the
principal amount upon conversion of the applicable Tesla Convertible Notes. We also entered into warrant transactions with the hedge
counterparties, which could separately have a dilutive effect on our common stock to the extent that the market price per share of our
common stock exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants on the applicable expiration dates. In addition, the hedge
counterparties or their affiliates may enter into various transactions with respect to their hedge positions, which could also cause or
prevent an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock or the convertible notes.
Elon Musk has pledged shares of our common stock to secure certain bank borrowings. If Mr. Musk were forced to sell these
shares pursuant to a margin call that he could not avoid or satisfy, such sales could cause our stock price to decline.
Certain banking institutions have made extensions of credit to Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer, a portion of which was
used to purchase shares of common stock in certain of our public offerings and private placements at the same prices offered to third
party participants in such offerings and placements. We are not a party to these loans, which are partially secured by pledges of a
portion of the Tesla common stock currently owned by Mr. Musk. If the price of our common stock were to decline substantially and
Mr. Musk were unable to avoid or satisfy a margin call with respect to his pledged shares, Mr. Musk may be forced by one or more of
the banking institutions to sell shares of Tesla common stock in order to remain within the margin limitations imposed under the terms
of his loans. Any such sales could cause the price of our common stock to decline further.
Anti-takeover provisions contained in our governing documents, applicable laws and our convertible notes could impair a
takeover attempt.
Our certiﬁcate of incorporation and bylaws afford certain rights and powers to our board of directors that could contribute to the
delay or prevention of an acquisition that it deems undesirable. We are also subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law and other provisions of Delaware law that limit the ability of stockholders in certain situations to effect certain
business combinations. In addition, the terms of our convertible notes require us to repurchase such notes in the event of a
fundamental change, including a takeover of our company. Any of the foregoing provisions and terms that has the effect of delaying
or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common
stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
29