We may become subject to product liability claims, which could harm our financial condition and liquidity if we are not able
to successfully defend or insure against such claims.
Product liability claims could harm our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. The automobile industry
in particular experiences significant product liability claims and we face inherent risk of exposure to claims in the event our vehicles
do not perform as expected resulting in personal injury or death. We also may face similar claims related to any misuse or failures of
new technologies that we are pioneering, including autopilot in our vehicles. Finally, as our energy storage products and solar energy
systems generate and store electricity, they have the potential to cause injury to people or property. A successful product liability
claim against us could require us to pay a substantial monetary award. Our risks in this area are particularly pronounced given the
limited number of vehicles and energy storage products delivered to date and limited field experience of our products. Moreover, a
product liability claim could generate substantial negative publicity about our products and business and could have material adverse
effect on our brand, business, prospects and operating results. In most jurisdictions, we generally self-insure against the risk of product
liability claims, meaning that any product liability claims will likely have to be paid from company funds, not by insurance.
The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we may not be successful in competing in these industries. We
currently face competition from new and established domestic and international competitors and expect to face competition
from others in the future, including competition from companies with new technology.
The worldwide automotive market, particularly for alternative fuel vehicles, is highly competitive today and we expect it will
become even more so in the future. There is no assurance that our vehicles will be successful in the respective markets in which they
compete. Many established and new automobile manufacturers such as BMW, Daimler, General Motors and Toyota, as well as other
companies, have entered or are reported to have plans to enter the alternative fuel vehicle market, including hybrid, plug-in hybrid and
fully electric vehicles. Most of our current and potential competitors have signiﬁcantly greater ﬁnancial, technical, manufacturing,
marketing and other resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to the design, development, manufacturing,
distribution, promotion, sale and support of their products. Virtually all of our competitors have more extensive customer bases and
broader customer and industry relationships than we do and almost all of these companies have longer operating histories and greater
name recognition than we do. Increased competition could result in lower vehicle unit sales, price reductions, revenue shortfalls, loss
of customers and loss of market share, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. In addition,
upon the launch of our Model 3 vehicle, we will face competition from existing and future automobile manufacturers in the extremely
competitive entry-level premium sedan market, including Audi, BMW, Lexus and Mercedes.
The solar and renewable energy industries are highly competitive within their markets, and also compete with large utilities.
Decreases in the retail prices of electricity from the utilities or other renewable energy sources could harm our ability to offer
competitive pricing and lead to an increased rate of customer defaults under our existing contracts. Moreover, solar panel prices have
declined and are continuing to decline. As we increase our solar panel manufacturing, including at Gigafactory 2, future price
declines may harm our ability to compete and produce solar panels at competitive prices.
If we are unable to establish and maintain confidence in our long-term business prospects among consumers, analysts and
within our industry, then our ﬁnancial condition, operating results, business prospects and stock price may suffer materially.
Consumers may be less likely to purchase our products now if they are not convinced that our business will succeed or that our
service and support and other operations will continue for many years. Similarly, suppliers and other third parties will be less likely to
invest time and resources in developing business relationships with us if they are not convinced that our business will succeed.
Accordingly, in order to build and maintain our business, we must maintain conﬁdence among customers, suppliers, analysts and other
parties in our liquidity and long-term business prospects. Maintaining such conﬁdence may be particularly complicated by certain
factors, such as our limited operating history, unfamiliarity with our products, competition and uncertainty regarding the future of
electric vehicles or our other products and services and our quarterly production and sales performance compared with market
expectations. Many of these factors are largely outside our control, and any negative perceptions about our long-term business
prospects, even if exaggerated or unfounded, would likely harm our business and make it more difficult to raise additional funds if
needed.
1 9