Service and Warranty
Vehicles
Service
We provide service for our electric vehicles at our company-owned service centers, at our Service Plus locations or, in certain
areas for an additional charge, through Tesla Ranger mobile technicians who provide services that do not require a vehicle lift. We
owned and operated 135 service locations as of December 31, 2016.
Our vehicles are designed with the capability to wirelessly upload data to us via an on—board system with cellular connectivity,
allowing us to diagnose and remedy many problems before ever looking at the vehicle. When maintenance or service is required, a
customer can schedule service by contacting one of our Tesla service centers. Our Tesla Rangers can also perform an array of services
from the convenience of a customer’s home or other remote location.
Our company-owned service centers enable our technicians to work closely with our engineers and research and development
teams in Silicon Valley to identify problems, ﬁnd solutions, and incorporate improvements faster than incumbent automobile
manufacturers.
New Vehicle Limited Warranty, Maintenance and Extended Service Plans
We provide a four year or 50,000 mile New Vehicle Limited Warranty with every new vehicle, subject to separate limited
warranties for the supplemental restraint system and battery and drive unit. For the battery and drive unit on our current new vehicles,
we offer an eight year, infinite mile warranty, although the battery’s charging capacity is not covered.
In addition to the New Vehicle Limited Warranty, we offer a comprehensive maintenance program for every new vehicle, which
includes plans covering prepaid maintenance for up to four years or up to 50,000 miles and an Extended Service plan. The
maintenance plans cover annual inspections and the replacement of wear and tear parts, excluding tires and the battery. The Extended
Service plan covers the repair or replacement of vehicle parts for up to an additional four years or up to an additional 50,000 miles
after the New Vehicle Limited Warranty.
Our New Vehicle Limited Warranty and Extended Service plans are subject to certain limitations, exclusions or separate
warranties, including on certain wear items, such as tires, brake pads, paint and general appearance, and battery performance, and are
intended to cover parts and labor to repair defects in material or workmanship in the body, chassis, suspension, interior, electronic
systems, battery, powertrain and brake system. In addition, all prepaid maintenance and Extended Service plans must be purchased
within a specified period of time after vehicle purchase or warranty expiration.
Energy Storage
We generally provide a ten year “no defect” and “energy retention” warranty with every Powerwall 2 and Powerpack 2. For
Powerwall 2, the energy retention warranty involves us guaranteeing that the energy capacity of the product will be 70% or 80%
(depending on the region of installation) of its nameplate capacity after 10 years of use. For Powerpack 2, the energy retention
warranty involves us guaranteeing a minimum energy capacity in each of its ﬁrst 10 years of use, subject to speciﬁed throughput caps.
In addition, we offer certain extended warranties, which customers are able to purchase from us at the time they purchase an energy
storage system, including a 20 year extended protection plan for Powerwall 2 and a 10 or 20 year “capacity maintenance agreement”
for Powerpack 2. We agree to repair or replace our energy storage products in the event of a valid warranty claim. In circumstances
where we install a Powerwall 2 or Powerpack 2 system, we also provide warranties, generally ranging from one to four years, on our
installation workmanship. All of the warranties for our energy storage systems are subject to customary limitations and exclusions.
Solar Energy Systems
We generally provide warranties of between ten to 30 years on the generating and non-generating parts of the solar energy
systems we sell, together with a pass-through of the inverter and module manufacturers’ warranties that generally range from five to
30 years. Where we sell the electricity generated by a solar energy system, we compensate customers if their system produces less
energy over a specified performance period than our guarantee. We also provide ongoing service and repair during the entire term of
the customer relationship.
Financial Services
Vehicles
We offer loans and leases for our vehicles in North America, Europe and Asia primarily through various financial institutions.
We also offer financing arrangements directly through our local subsidiaries in certain areas of the United States, Germany, Canada
and the UK. We intend to broaden our ﬁnancial services offerings during the next few years.
7