The Procter & Gamble 2014 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan
Article 1. Establishment, Purpose and Duration
1.1 Establishment. The Procter & Gamble Company, an Ohio corporation (the “Company”), hereby establishes an incentive
compensation plan to be known as The Procter & Gamble 2014 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (the “Plan”), as set forth in this document.
This Plan permits the grant of Nonqualified Stock Options, Incentive Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock
Units, Performance Stock Units, Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards. This Plan shall become effective upon shareholder approval
(the “Effective Date”) and shall remain in effect as provided in Section 1.3.
1.2 Purpose of this Plan. The purposes of the Plan are to strengthen the alignment of interests between those Employees of the
Company and its Subsidiaries who are largely responsible for the success of the business as well as Non-employee Directors and the Company’s
shareholders through ownership behavior and the increased ownership of shares of the Company’s common stock, and to encourage Plan
Participants to remain in the employ of the Company and its Subsidiaries.
1.3 Duration of this Plan. Unless sooner terminated as provided herein, this Plan shall terminate ten (10) years from the Effective Date.
After this Plan is terminated, no Awards may be granted but Awards previously granted shall remain outstanding in accordance with their
applicable terms and conditions and this Plan’s terms and conditions.
Article 2. Deﬁnitions
Whenever used in this Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below, and when the meaning is intended, the initial
letter of the word shall be capitalized.
2.1 “Annual Award Limits” have the meaning set forth in Section 4.4.
2.2 “Award” means, individually or collectively, a grant under this Plan of Nonqualified Stock Options, Incentive Stock Options, Stock
Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Stock Units, Cash-Based Awards or Other Stock—Based Awards, in each
case subject to the terms of this Plan.
2.3 “Award Agreement” means either (i) a written or electronic agreement entered into by the Company and a Participant setting forth
the terms and provisions applicable to an Award granted under this Plan, including any amendment or modification thereof, or (ii) a written or
electronic statement issued by the Company to a Participant describing the terms and provisions of such Award, including any amendment or
modification thereof. The Committee shall have the exclusive authority to determine the terms of an Award Agreement evidencing an Award
granted under this Plan, subject to the provisions herein. The terms of an Award Agreement need not be uniform among all Participants or among
similar types of Awards.
2.4 “Beneﬁcial Owner” or “Beneﬁcial Ownership” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act.
2.5 “Board” or “Board of Directors” means the Board of Directors of the Company.
2.6 “Cash-Based Award” means an Award, denominated in cash, granted to a Participant as described in Article 12.
2.7 “Cause” for purposes of this Plan only means, unless otherwise specified in an Award Agreement or in an applicable employment
agreement between the Company and a Participant, any one of the following:
(a) Participant’s conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere, or no contest, to a felony;
(b) Participant’s willful misconduct;
(c) Participant’s violation of a material written Company policy; or
(d) Participant’s willful and continued failure or refusal to substantially perform essential job functions.