The Procter & Gamble Company
Regulations
ARTICLE I
SHAREHOLDERS
SECTION 1. Place of Meeting. Meetings of shareholders shall be held in Cincinnati, Hamilton County, Ohio, but the shareholders or the
Board of Directors shall have authority to provide for the holding of meetings of shareholders elsewhere within or without the State of Ohio, except
the annual meeting, or a meeting to elect Directors. The Board of Directors is authorized to determine that a meeting shall not be held at a physical
place, but instead may be held solely by means of communications equipment as authorized by Ohio law.
SECTION 2. Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the shareholders shall be held on the second Tuesday of October in each year, or on
such other date within thirty (30) days of such date as may be designated by the Board of Directors. At the annual meeting of shareholders, there
shall be elected in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio and Article II of these Regulations, a Board of Directors. Such other business shall
occur at the annual meeting of shareholders as determined by the chair of the meeting, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors prior
to the meeting.
SECTION 3. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the shareholders may be called and held as provided by law.
SECTION 4. Notice of Meetings. A notice, as required by law, of each regular or special meeting of shareholders shall be given by the
Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Secretary, or an Assistant Secretary, not less than ten (10) days before the
meeting.
SECTION 5. Quorum. The shareholders present in person or by proxy at any meeting shall constitute a quorum unless a larger proportion
is required to take the action stated in the notice of the meeting, in which case, to constitute a quorum, there shall be present in person or by proxy
the holders of record of shares entitling them to exercise the voting power required by the Articles of the Company to take the action stated.
SECTION 6. Organization. The Chairman of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the shareholders, but in his or her absence the Board
of Directors may appoint any officer to act as presiding officer at the meeting. The Secretary of the Company shall act as Secretary of all meetings of
the shareholders, but in his or her absence the presiding officer may appoint any person to act as Secretary of the meeting.
SECTION 7. Order of Business and Rules. Unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors prior to the meeting, the chair of the
meeting shall determine the order of business of each annual meeting of shareholders. The chair shall also determine the rules of procedure for the
meeting and shall have the authority to regulate the conduct of any such meeting as he or she deems appropriate.
SECTION 8. Notice of Shareholder Business and Nominations to be Brought Before a Meeting of Shareholders.
(a) Business Properly Brought Before an Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of
Directors, or the proposal of other business to be considered by the shareholders, may be made at an annual meeting of shareholders only
if properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting of shareholders, any director nominations or
other business must be (i) brought before the meeting by the Company and specified in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction
of the Board of Directors, (ii) brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (iii) properly brought before the
meeting by a shareholder who (A) was a shareholder of record (and, with respect to any beneficial owner, if different, on whose behalf
such business is proposed, only if such beneficial owner was the beneficial owner of shares of the Company) both at the time of giving the
notice provided for in this Section 8 and at the time of the annual meeting, (B) is entitled to vote at the meeting, and (C) has complied with
this Section 8 as to such business, or (iv) properly brought before the meeting by one or more Eligible Shareholders (as such term is
defined below) pursuant to and in accordance with Section 9 of this Article I. Except for proposals properly made in accordance with Rule
14a—8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (as so amended and
inclusive of such rules and regulations, the “Exchange Act”), and included in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the
Board of Directors, the foregoing clauses (iii) and (iv) shall be the exclusive means for a shareholder to make nominations or propose other
business to be brought before an annual meeting of shareholders.
1