20 The Procter & Gamble Company
Net earnings decreased 9% to $2.0 billion primarily due to the 0 Shave Care volume decreased low single digits in both developed
reduction in net sales, along with a 10 basis-point decrease in net and developing regions due to competitive activity and increased
earnings margin. Net earnings margin decreased due to an increase in pricing. Global market share of the shave care category decreased
SG&A as a percentage of net sales, largely offset by gross margin more than halfapoint,
CXPaHSion- Gross margin imPTOVed due to PTOdUCtiVitY saVingS, 0 Volume in Appliances was up mid-single digits due to a mid-
increased pricing and lower commodity COStS, partially offset by single—digit increase in developed regions from product
negative mix. as a percentage Of net sales increased as lower innovation. Volume in developing regions increased low single
marketing and OVerhead Spending from the COmPaHY'S focus on digits due to growth from product innovation, partially offset by
efficiencies was more than offset the negative scale impacts from reductions due to increased pricing. Global market share of the
the reduction in 821168. Appliances category decreased more than half a point.
Fiscal year 2015 compared with ﬁscal year 2014 Net earnings decreased 13% to $1.5 billion due to the reduction in net
, , , sales and a 130 basis-point decrease in net earnings margin. Net
Beauty ne,t saleis decreased 6% lo $126 bllhon m 2015 on a 3% earnings margin decreased due to increased SG&A as apercentage of
decréase, m um? VOlume' Orgamc sales were unChanged on a 2% net sales partially offset by a lower tax rate. Gross margin was
decline in organlc volume..U.nfavorable forelgn exchange reduced net unchanged as the beneﬁts of increased pricing and productivity
sales by 5% Increased prlcmg was a beneﬁt“ 2% G10ba1 market efforts were largely offset by unfavorable foreign exchange impacts
SharePf the,B,ea1}ty segment decreased 0'6 pomts' VOlllme, decreaslﬂ and negative product mix caused by an increase in the proportion of
low Smgledlglts In developed markets and was down mld'smgle dlglts disposable razor sales compared to system razor cartridges. SG&A as a
m developmg markets' percentage of net sales increased due to increased marketing spending
0 Volume in Hair Care decreased low single digits in both developed and the negative scale impact of lower net sales. The tax rate declined
and developing markets following minor divestitures and due to the geographic mix of earnings.
compet1t1ve act1v1ty. Global market share of the hair care category Fiscalyear 2015 comparedwithﬁscal year 2014
was down more than half a p01nt.
0 Volume in Skin and Personal Care was down mid-single digits, Grooming net sales decreased 7% to $7.4 billion in 2015 on a 3%
driven by a high single-digits decline in developing markets, decrease in unit volume. Organic sales increased 1%. Price increases in
primarily due to decreases in skin care and personal cleansing due blades and razors and appliances contributed 4% to net sales while
to ongoing competitive activity. Volume was unchanged in unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net sales by 8%. Global market
developed markets. Global market share of the skin and personal share of the Grooming segment decreased 0.1 points versus year ago.
care category was down half a point. Volume decreased low single digits in both developed and developing
Net earnings decreased 5% to $2.2 billion primarily due to lower reglons-
volume and the currency-driven reduction in net sales. Net earnings o Shave Care volume decreased low single digits due to a mid-
margin increased 10 basis points primarily due to a reduction in SG&A single-digit decline in developed regions from lower trade
as a percent of sales, behind lower spending from the Company's inventory levels and a low-single digit decrease in developing
focus on marketing efficiencies. regions following increased pricing. Global market share of the
GROOMING shave care category was up slightly.
0 Volume in Appliances increased mid-single digits due to mid-
Change vs, Change single-digit growth in developed markets and low single-digit
(Snmilliansl; 2016 _ 2015 _ 2015 _ vs. 2014 growth in developing markets behind product innovation and
[Volume N/A (2)% N/A (3)% l market growth. Global market share of the Appliances category
Net sales $6,815 (8)% $7,441 (7)% was ﬂat-
lNet earnings $1,548 (13)% $1,787 (9)% ‘ Nelt earnings jgcrteased 9% K; $1.8 billion due to the decline in Irliet
o 0 o sa es an a as1s-p01nt ecrease in net earnings margln. et
A) Of net sales 227 A) (130) bps 241M) (40) bps earnings margin decreased due to higher SG&A spending as a percent
Fiscal year 2016 compared with ﬁscal year 201 5 of sales. Decreased spending due to marketing efficiencies and
Grooming net sales decreased 8% to $6.8 billion during the fiscal year overh‘iad Feduaions did mt keep Pace With the currency'driYen
on a 2% decrease in unit volume. Unfavorable foreign exchange reducuon. “1 .net Sales“ Gross mérgm was ,unéhanged as negailve
reduced net sales by 9%. Price increases in Shave Care contributed 5% geographlc mm from a dispropomonéte deChne m developed reglons
to net sales. Unfavorable product mix decreased net sales by 2% due was Offset by maHUfaCturlng COSt Savmgs'
to a higher relative mix of disposable razors, which have lower than
segment average selling prices compared to system razor cartridges.
Organic sales increased 2%. Global market share of the Grooming
segment decreased 1.1 points. Volume decreased low single digits in
developed and developing regions.