Section 1.10 Certain Domain Names. The Disclosure Schedules to the Agreement are hereby amended to add the Domain Names set forth on
Attachment B to this Amendment to Attachment 3-C to Schedule 1.05(a)(vii) to the Agreement.
Section 1.11 Galleria Facilities.
a. The Disclosure Schedules to the Agreement are hereby amended to delete the following from Attachment 1-C to Schedule 1.05(a)
(m) to the Agreement:
B. Trekhgornyi pereulok 1
W 11 a/L d M Off. of Buildings 1 and 6 L
e on a oscow 1ce ice MOSCOW 123022 ease
Russian Federation
b. The Disclosure Schedules to the Agreement are hereby amended to add the following to Schedule 1.05(b)( i) to the Agreement:
The 13th, 14th and 15th ﬂoor in the Centro Lido building, Caracas, Venezuela, which are owned by the Parent Group.
Section 1.12 Inventory Build-U15
a. Section 5.21(f)(iiv) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with:
“(iv) establish for the Galleria Entities an accumulation of inventory of all Products incorporating or manufactured using any of
the Excluded Technologies set forth on Section 521(1) of the Parent Disclosure Letter that will not be licensed (other than
pursuant to a sell-off license) to SplitCo following the Closing, which accumulation (A) with respect to item 1 on Section 521(1) of
the Parent Disclosure Letter, is sufficient to meet sales of such Products for 12 months after the Closing Date, and (B) with respect
to items 2 through 4 on Section 521(1) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, is sufficient to meet sales of such Products from the
Closing through the 2016 holiday season, in each case, as measured by the average sales of such Products during the
corresponding period in the three (3) years prior to Closing.”
b. Section 5.21 is hereby amended so as to add a new Section 521(1) as follows:
(j) During the period between the Cut-Off Date and the Closing, in consultation with Acquiror, Parent will use its Commercially
Reasonable Efforts to establish for the Galleria Entities a non-ordinary course accumulation of inventory of all Products of the
Galleria Business. The Cut-Off Date Working Capital will include Parent’s good faith projection of the amount of such inventory
that would be present as of the Closing Date.
Section 1.13 Adjustments to Recapitalization Amount.
a. Section (g) of Schedule 1.09 is hereby amended so as to add the following text as a new clause (iii):
(iii) The adjustments to the Recapitalization Amount described in clauses (i) and (ii) above shall occur on the date that is 12
Business Days prior to the Business Transfer Time.
b. Working Capital Adjustment:
i. Section 2.15(c) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
In the event that Acquiror delivers an Acquiror Objection to Parent, Acquiror and Parent will refer the disputed items in the
Acquiror Objection to the Chief Financial Officer of Parent and the Chairman of the Board of Acquiror (or their designees) to make
a final written determination as to each then-remaining disputed item, which written determination will be final and binding on the
Parties as to each such disputed item. Following receipt of an Acquiror Objection, each of the Parties will cause
4