The Procter & Gamble Company 59
NOTE 12 Litigation
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims arising out of
Guarantees our business which cover a wide range of matters such as antitrust,
trade and other governmental regulations, product liability, patent and
In conjunction with certain transactions, primarily divestitures, we may trademark, advertising, contracts, environmental, labor and
provide routine indemnifications (e.g., indemnification for employment and tax.
re resentations and arranties and retention of re io 31 e istin . . . . . . .
p. W . . . . p. V u y X .g While conSiderable uncertainty ex1sts, in the opinion of management
env1ronmental, tax and employee 11ab111t1es) for which terms range 1n . . . .
. . . . . . and our counsel, the ultimate resolution of the various lawsuits and
duration and, in some Circumstances, are not exp11c1t1y defined. The . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . claims Wlll not materially affect our f1nanc1al pOSition, results of
maXimum obligation under some indemnifications is also not explic1t1y O erations or cash ﬂows
stated and, as a result, the overall amount of these obligations cannot p '
be reasonably estimated. Other than obligations recorded as liabilities We are also subject to contingencies pursuant to environmental laws
at the time of divestiture, we have not made significant payments for and regulations that in the future may require us to take action to
these indemnifications. We believe that if we were to incur a loss on correct the effects on the environment of prior manufacturing and
any of these matters, the loss would not have a material effect on our waste disposal practices. Based on currently available information, we
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. do not believe the ultimate resolution of environmental remediation will
. . . . materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash
In certain Situations, we guarantee loans for suppliers and customers.
, . ﬂows.
The total amount of guarantees issued under such arrangements is not
material. NOTE 13
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
variable interest entities, that have a material impact on our financial agreement to divest four product categories which will be merged with
Statements Coty. The divestiture was initially comprised of 43 of the Company's
Purchase Commitments and Operating Leases beauty. brands. (“Beauty Brands”), including the global salon
. . t . professwnal hair care and color, retail hair color, cosmetics and fine
We have purchase commitments for materials, supplies, serv1ces and fragrance businesses, along with select hair Styling brands.
PTOPCI’W, Plant find eqmpment as Part Of the normal. Course Of Subsequent to signing, the fine fragrance brands of Dolce & Gabbana
busmess. Commitments made under take-or-pay obligations are as and Christina Aguilera were excluded from the divestiture In
follows: connection with the decision to exclude these brands, the Company
. recorded a non-cash, before-tax impairment charge in discontinued
Years ending June . . . . .
ﬂ 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Thereafter operations Of approx1mately $48 ($42 after tax).1n fiscal 2016.111 OdeI‘ to
record the Dolce & Gabbana license intangible asset at its rev1sed
Pumhase t' td t 1' b1 1 o M 11 2016 th 0 t d
obligations $ 881 s 221 $ 170 $ 129 $ 105 $ 288 .63 1m 6 “6 ma 122‘ e,“ W n W 3 , = 6? ompany en, ere
into a separate transaction to sell the Christina Aguilera brand prior to
Such amounts represent future purchases in line with expected usage or concurrent with the expected close date of the Coty transaction. On
to obtain favorable pricing. This includes purchase commitments June 30, 2016, Dolce & Gabbana and the Shiseido Group announced
related to service contracts for information technology, human the signing of the worldwide license agreement for the Dolce &
resources management and facilities management activities that have Gabbana beauty business. The Company will transition out of the
been outsourced to third-party suppliers. Due to the proprietary nature Dolce & Gabbana license upon the effectiveness of the new license,
of many of our materials and processes, certain supply contracts which is expected to occur prior to or concurrent with the expected
contain penalty provisions for early termination. We do not expect to close of the Coty transaction. In connection with this transition, the
incur penalty payments under these provisions that would materially Company agreed to pay a termination payment of $83 ($76 after tax).
affect our financial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows. This termination payment charge is included in discontinued
. . . . ' f h 2 1 .
We also lease certain property and equipment for varying periods. Operatlons 0” eyear ended June 30’ 0 6
Future minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating While the ultimate form of the Beauty Brands transaction has not yet
leases, net of guaranteed sublease income, are as follows: been decided, the Company’s current preference is for a Reverse
Morris Trust split-off transaction in which P&G shareholders could
Xearsendinglune ' ' ' '
30 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Thereafter elect to participate in an exchange offer to exchange their P&G shares
7— . for shares of a new corporation that would hold the Beauty Brands
@peratmg 163565 $ 237 $ 240 $ 224 $ 206 $ 154 $ 502 i (excluding Dolce & Gabbana and Christina Aguilera) and then
immediately exchange those shares for Coty shares. The Company
expects to close the transaction in October 2016.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.