IV. VESTIN G AND SETTLEMENT
Stock options and SARs vest three years following the grant date. They expire ten years after the grant date. RSUs have a vest date and settlement
date three years following the grant date, are eligible for dividend equivalents, and cannot be deferred in accordance with Internal Revenue Code
409A unless otherwise determined by the Committee at grant.
V. SEPARATION FROM THE COMPANY (Defined terms shall have the meaning designated in the 2014 Plan or related award documents.)
If the Participant’s Termination of Employment occurs for any reason before the Expiration Date and prior to exercising the Award for stock options
and SARS, or before the Vest Date for RSUs, except for the reasons listed below, the Award will be forfeited. Participants must remain in compliance
with the terms and conditions set forth in the 2014 Plan, including those in Article 6.
- Termination on Account of Death (except in France and the UK). The Vest Date for stock options and SARs becomes the date of death
and the Award remains exercisable until the Expiration Date. For RSUs, the Award will be fully vested and payment will be made by the
later of the end of the calendar year or two and a half months following the date of death.
- Termination on Account of Death for awards granted in France or the UK. The consequences of death are determined by the local plan
supplement, if applicable.
- Termination on Account of Retirement or Disability after June 30Lh of the fiscal year in which this Award was granted. Stock options and
SARs are retained and will be exercisable on the Vest Date and will expire on the Expiration Date. RSUs are retained and will be delivered on
the Settlement Date.
- Termination pursuant to a Written Separation Agreement that provides for retention of the Award, after June 30?—1 of the fiscal year in which
this Award was granted. Stock options and SARS are retained and will become exercisable on the Vest Date and will expire on the
Expiration Date. RSUs are retained and will be delivered on the Settlement Date.
- Termination in connection with a divestiture or separation of any of the Company’s businesses, as determined by the Company’s Chief
Human Resource’s Officer. All outstanding Stock options and SARs are retained and will become exercisable on the Vest Date and will
expire on the Expiration Date. All outstanding RSUs are retained and will be delivered on the Settlement Date.
V. CHANGE IN CONTROL
If there is a Change in Control, the provisions of Article 17 of the 2014 Plan will apply.
VII. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
It shall be understood that the LTI Program does not give to any employee any contract rights, express or implied, against the Company
for any LTI Award, or for compensation in addition to the salary paid to him or her.
This program document may be amended at any time by the Committee.
(Back To Top)
Sectlon 6: IBEX-10.10 (EXHIBIT 10. 1 0 SUMMARY OF THE COMPANY'S
EXHIBIT (10-10)
Summary of the Company's Short Term Achievement Reward Program