28 The Procter & Gamble Company
The costs of determinable-lived intangible assets are amortized to See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
expense over their estimated lives. The value of indefinite-lived discussion on goodwill and intangible asset impairment testing results.
intangible assets and residual goodwill isrnot amortized, but is tested New Accounting Pronouneements
at leaSt annually for lmpalrment' .Our Impalrment.tesung.for {399(1le IS Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for recently
performed separately from our impairment testing of indefinite-lived . . .
intangible assets. We test goodwill for impairment by reviewing the adOpted accounung pronouncements and recently Issued accountmg
book value compared to the fair value at the reporting unit level. We pronouncements nOt yet adOpted as Of June 30’ 2016'
test individual indefinite-lived intangible assets by comparing the OTHER INFORMATION
book values of each asset to the estimated fair value. We determine . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . Hedging and Derivative F1nanc1al Instruments
the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible
assets based on the income approach. Under the income approach, we AS a multinational Company With diverse Preduet Offerings: We are
calculate the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived exposed to market riSksa sueh as Changes in intereSt rates: currency
intangible assets based on the present value of estimated future cash exehange rates and eemmedity Prieee We evaluate exposures on a
ﬂows. Considerable management judgment iS neeessary to evaluate centralized basis to take advantage of natural exposure correlation and
the impact of operating and macroeconomic changes and to estimate netting Exeept Within ﬁnaneing Operations> We leverage the
future cash ﬂows to measure fair value. Assumptions used in our CompanY'S diverSiﬁed pertfelie 0f exposures as a natural hedge and
impairment evaluations, such as forecasted growth rates and cost of Prioritize Operational hedging aetiVitieS ever ﬁnaneial market
capital, are consistent with internal projections and operating plans. inStrumentS~ To the eXtent We Cheese to further manage velatility
We believe Siren assnnnntionS and estimateS are also comparable to associated with the net exposures, we enter into various financial
those that would be used by other marketplace participants. treesaetiens Whieh We aeeeunt for ‘15ng the applicable, eeeeunﬁng
Most of our goodwill reporting units are comprised of a combination gpldarlce for denYatlve mStmmentS and hedgmg aetlYltleS' These
of legacy and acquired businesses and as a result have fair value ﬁnamlal transacuons are govelned by our pOhCleS covering
cushions that, at a minimum, exceed two times their underlying acceptable counterparty eXposure’ lrlStrumenl type.s and Other hedgmg
carrying values. Certain of our continuing goodwill reporting units, in placucés' see Now 9 to .the COPSphdath Elnamla} Statements for a
. . . . discusswn of our accounting policies for derivative instruments.
particular Shave Care and Appliances, are comprised entirely of
acquired businesses and as a result have fair value cushions that are Derivative positions are monitored using techniques including market
not as high. While both of these wholly-acquired reporting units have valuation, sensitivity analysis and value-at—risk modeling. The tests for
fair value cushions that currently exceed the underlying carrying interest rate, currency rate and commodity derivative positions
values, the Shave Care cushion, as well as certain of the related discussed below are based on the CorporateManagerTM value-at—risk
indefinite-lived intangible assets, have been reduced to below 20% model using a one-year horizon and a 95% confidence level. The model
due in large part to significant currency devaluations in a number of incorporates the impact of correlation (the degree to which exposures
countries relative to the US. dollar that began in recent years and move together over time) and diversification (from holding multiple
continued during fiscal 2016. As a result, this unit is more susceptible currency, commodity and interest rate instruments) and assumes that
to impairment risk from adverse changes in business operating plans financial returns are normally distributed. Estimates of volatility and
and macroeconomic environment conditions, including any further correlations of market factors are drawn from the RiskMetricsTM
significant devaluation of major currencies relative to the US. dollar. dataset as of June 30, 2016. In cases where data is unavailable in
Any such adverse changes in the future could reduce the underlying RiskMetricsTM, a reasonable proxy is included.
cash ﬂows used to estimate fair values and could result in a decline in . . .
fair value that could trigger future impairment charges of the business our market 11le exposures relatwe to lntereSt rates’ currency rates. and
unins goodwill and indeﬁnitenived intangibles. commodity prices, as discussed below, have. not changed materially
versus the preVious reporting period. In addition, we are not aware of
The business unit valuations used to test goodwill and intangible any faets or cirenrnstaneeS that would Significantly irnnaet such
assets for impairment are dependent on a number of significant exposures in the near terrn
estimates and assumptions, including macroeconomic conditions, _ .
overall category growth rates) competitive activities, cost containment Interest Rate Exposure on ananczal Instruments. Interest rate swaps
and margin expansion and Cornnany business plans. We believe these are used to hedge exposures to interest rate movement on underlying
estimateS and assumptionS are reasonable. Changes to, or a failure to, debt obligations. Certain interest rate swaps denominated in foreign
achieve these businesS plans or a further deterioration of the currencies are designated to hedge exposures to currency exchange
macroeconomic conditions could result in a valuation that would rate movements on our inVeStmentS in foreign OperatienS- These
trigger an impairment of the goodwill and intangible assets of these Currency intereSt rate SWapS are deSignated as hedges 0f the
businesses. Company's foreign net investments.