4.3 Shares Subject to Use Under the Plan. The source of the Shares to be delivered by the Company upon exercise or payment of any
Award shall be determined by the Committee and may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized but unissued Shares, treasury Shares, or Shares
acquired in the open market. In the case of redemption of SARs by one of the Company’s Subsidiaries, such Shares shall be Shares acquired by that
Subsidiary.
4.4 Annual Award Limits. Awards under the Plan shall be subject to the following Annual Award Limits, subject to any adjustment
under Section 4.5. The maximum number of Shares with respect to which Options or other Awards may be granted to any Non-employee Director in
any calendar year shall not exceed 10,000. The maximum number of Shares with respect to which Options or SARs may be granted to any Employee
who is a Participant in any calendar year shall be 2,000,000 Shares. For any Awards other than Options or SARs that are Performance-Based
Compensation and that are denominated in Shares, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be delivered pursuant to such Awards
granted in any calendar year shall be 400,000 Shares for any Employee who is a Participant. For any Awards that are Performance-Based
Compensation and that are denominated in cash, the maximum aggregate amount of cash that may be paid with respect to all such Awards granted
in any calendar year shall be $20,000,000 for any Employee who is a Participant.
4.5 Adjustments in Authorized Shares. Adjustments in authorized Shares available for issuance under the Plan or under an outstanding
Award and adjustments in Annual Award Limits shall be subject to the following provisions:
(a) In the event of any corporate event or transaction such as a merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization,
separation, partial or complete liquidation, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, split up, spin-off, distribution of stock
or property of the Company, combination of Shares, exchange of Shares, dividend in kind, extraordinary cash dividend or any
other similar corporate event or transaction (“Corporate Transactions”), the Committee, in order to prevent dilution or
enlargement of Participants’ rights under this Plan, shall substitute or adjust, as applicable, (i) the number and kind of Shares that
may be issued under this Plan or under particular forms of Awards, (ii) the number and kind of Shares subject to outstanding
Awards, (iii) the Option Price or Grant Price applicable to outstanding Awards, and (iv) the Annual Award Limits and other value
determinations applicable to outstanding Awards. The Committee, in its discretion, shall determine the methodology or manner of
making such substitution or adjustment.
(b) In addition to the adjustments permitted under paragraph (a) above, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may make such
other adjustments or modifications in the terms of any Awards that it deems apprOpriate to reﬂect any Corporate Transaction,
including, but not limited to, modifications of performance goals and changes in the length of Performance Periods, subject to the
limitations set forth in Section 15.4, provided that no such adjustment or modification shall have the effect of materially and
adversely reducing Participant’s rights and opportunities with respect to outstanding Awards.
(0) The determination of the Committee as to the foregoing adjustments, if any, shall be conclusive and binding on Participants
under this Plan.
Article 5. Eligibility and Participation
5.1 Eligibility to Receive Awards. Individuals eligible to participate in this Plan include all Employees and Non-employee Directors.
5.2 Participation in the Plan. Subject to the provisions of this Plan, the Committee may, from time to time, select from all individuals
eligible to participate in the Plan:
(a) Non-employee Directors, and
(b) those Employees who, in the opinion of the Committee have demonstrated a capacity for contributing in a substantial
manner to the success of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
to whom Awards shall be granted and shall determine, in its sole discretion, the nature of any and all terms permissible by law and the amount of
each Award.