SECTION 3. Indemniﬁcation Requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article IV, no person seeking indemnification
shall receive indemnification pursuant to this Article IV if he or she (a) failed to act in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in,
or not opposed to, the best interests of the Company and its subsidiaries, (b) acted or failed to act, in either case, with deliberate intent to cause
injury to the Company or its subsidiaries or with reckless disregard for the best interests of the Company or its subsidiaries, or (c) knowingly
engaged in criminal activity.
SECTION 4. Indemnification Right Limitations. A determination that a person acted or failed to act in the ways described in clauses (a),
(b) or (c) of Section 3 shall be made only if: (i) in cases of an adjudication on the merits, it is determined by any court of competent jurisdiction; or
(ii) in cases of settlement or compromise involving a Director or officer of the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company (excluding any
Directors affected by self-interest), makes a determination to that effect ; or (iii) in cases of settlement or compromise involving an employee of the
Company or its subsidiaries (who is not a Director or officer of the Company)), the Chief Legal Officer and Chief Human Resource Officer, or other
Board designee, make a determination to that effect.
SECTION 5. Excluded Costs and Other Sources. Indemnification under this Article IV shall not include reimbursement of any amounts
paid or payable to the Company or its subsidiaries by the person entitled to indemnification under this Article IV. Any indemnification or
advancement provided pursuant to the rights granted under Section 1(b) and Section 1(0) of this Article IV, shall be (a) secondary to any
indemnification, insurance coverage or advancement from any such third party, and (b) reduced by any amount such individual may collect as
indemnification, insurance coverage or advancement from any third party including, but not limited to, pursuant to an insurance policy,
indemnification agreement or statutory right.
SECTION 6. Advances. To the extent permitted by applicable law, liabilities and expenses incurred by a person subject to this Article IV in
defending or investigating a claim, action, suit, or proceeding referenced in Section 1 of this Article IV shall be paid by the Company in advance of
the final disposition of such matter upon receipt of a written undertaking by or on behalf of such person to (a) repay any such amounts unless it is
ultimately determined that such person is entitled to indemnification under this Article IV and (b) reasonably c00perate with the Company, its
subsidiaries, or third party organizations for which such person performed volunteer services, concerning the action, suit or proceeding.
SECTION 7. N on-Exclusive Right. The right of indemnification provided for in this Article IV shall not be exclusive of other rights to which
any person entitled to indemnification under this Article IV may be entitled as a matter of law.
SECTION 8. Survival and Successors. The right of indemnification provided for in this Article IV shall continue as to a person who has
ceased to be a Director, officer or employee of the Company or its subsidiaries. The right of indemnification provided for in this Article IV shall inure
to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of any person entitled to indemnification under this Article IV.
SECTION 9. Impairment of Indemniﬁcation Right. No amendment, modification, termination or repeal of this Article IV, nor, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, any modification of law, shall adversely affect the rights to indemnification or advancement of expenses granted under this
Article IV with respect to any actions, omission, transactions or facts occurring prior to the final adoption of such amendment, modification,
termination or repeal.
ARTICLE V
DUTIES OF OFFICERS
SECTION 1. Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall preside at all meetings of the Board, shall confer with
and advise all other officers of the Company, and shall perform such other duties as may be delegated to him or her by the Board.
SECTION 2. Chief Executive Officer. The Board of Directors shall elect the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The officer so elected
shall be responsible for the supervision, general control and management of all the Company's business and affairs, subject only to the authority of
the Board of Directors. He shall make periodic reports to the Board of Directors, making such recommendations as he thinks proper, and shall bring
before the Board of Directors such information as may be required relating to the Company's business and affairs. The Board of Directors may
designate one of the officers of the Company to perform the duties and have the powers of the officer who is the Chief Executive Officer in his or
her absence, and during such absence the officer so designated shall be authorized to exercise all of his or her responsibilities.
10