2.9 “Code” means the US. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. For purposes of this Plan, references to
sections of the Code shall be deemed to include references to any applicable regulations thereunder and any successor or similar provision.
2.10 “Commission” means the Securities and Exchange Commission.
2.11 “Committee” means the Compensation & Leadership Development Committee of the Board or a subcommittee thereof or any other
committee designated by the Board to administer this Plan. The members of the Committee shall be appointed from time to time by and shall serve at
the discretion of the Board. If the Committee does not exist or cannot function for any reason, the Board may take any action under the Plan that
would otherwise be the responsibility of the Committee. The Committee shall be constituted to comply with the requirements of Rule 16b-3
promulgated by the Commission under the Exchange Act, or such rule or any successor rule thereto which is in effect from time to time, Code
Section 162(m), and any applicable listing or governance requirements of any securities exchange on which the Company’s common shares are
listed.
2.12 “Company” means The Procter & Gamble Company and any successor thereto as provided in Section 21.19.
2.13 “Covered Employee” means any Employee who is or may become a “Covered Employee,” as defined in Code Section 162(m), and
who is designated, either as an individual Employee or class of Employees, by the Committee within the shorter of (i) 90 days after the beginning of
the Performance Period, or (ii) before 25% of the Performance Period has elapsed, as a “Covered Employee” under this Plan with respect to such
applicable Performance Period.
2.14 “Director” means any individual who is a member of the Board of Directors of the Company.
2.15 “Disability” means a “disability” within the meaning of Code Section 409A and the regulations or other guidance issued
thereunder.
2.16 “Dividend Equivalent” has the meaning set forth in Article 13.
2.17 “Effective Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1.
2.18 “Employee” means any individual performing services for the Company or a Subsidiary and designated as an employee of the
Company or the Subsidiary on its payroll records. An Employee shall not include any individual during any period he or she is classified or treated
by the Company or Subsidiary as an independent contractor, a consultant or an employee of an employment, consulting or temporary agency or
any other entity other than the Company or Subsidiary, without regard to whether such individual is subsequently determined to have been, or is
subsequently retroactively reclassified, as a common-law employee of the Company or Subsidiary during such period. An individual shall not cease
to be an Employee in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Company or (ii) transfers between locations of the Company, between the
Company and any Subsidiaries, or between Subsidiaries. For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed 90 days, unless
reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract. If reemployment upon expiration of a leave of absence approved
by the Company is not so guaranteed, then three months following the 91st day of such leave, any Incentive Stock Option held by a Participant
shall cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and shall be treated for tax purposes as a Nonqualified Stock Option. Neither service as a
Director nor payment of a Director’s fee by the Company shall be sufficient to constitute “employment” by the Company.
2.19 “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, or any successor act thereto and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereto.
2.20 “Fair Market Value” 0r “FMV” means, as applied to a specific date, the price of a Share that is based on the opening, closing,
actual, high, low or average selling prices of a Share reported on any established stock exchange or national market system including without
limitation the New York Stock Exchange and the National Market System of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated
Quotation System on the applicable date, the preceding trading day, the next succeeding trading day, or an average of trading days, as determined
by the Committee in its discretion. Unless the Committee determines otherwise or unless otherwise specified in an Award Agreement, Fair Market
Value shall be deemed to be equal to the closing price of a Share on the most recent date on which Shares were publicly traded.