(b) The Committee may grant Cash-Based Awards not otherwise described by the terms of this Plan to a Participant in such
amounts and subject to such terms and conditions, as the Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion.
(0) Each grant of Other Stock-Based Awards and Cash-Based Awards shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement, except to the
extent determined by the Committee.
12.2 Value of Other Stock-Based Awards and Cash-Based Awards.
(a) Each Other Stock-Based Award shall be expressed in terms of Shares or units based on Shares, as determined by the
Committee, in its sole discretion.
(b) Each Cash-Based Award shall specify a payment amount or payment range as determined by the Committee, in its sole
discretion. If the Committee exercises its discretion to establish performance goals, the value of Cash-Based Awards that shall be
paid to the Participant will depend on the extent to which such performance goals are met.
12.3 Payment of Other Stock-Based Awards and Cash-Based Awards. Payment, if any, with respect to Cash-Based Awards and Other
Stock-Based Award shall be made in accordance with the terms of the applicable Award Agreement, in cash, Shares or a combination of both as
determined by the Committee in its sole discretion.
Article 13. Dividend Equivalents
Except for Options and SARs, the Committee may grant Dividend Equivalents to a Participant based on the dividends declared on Shares
that are subject to any Award granted to the Participant, with such Dividend Equivalents credited to the Participant as of the applicable dividend
payment dates that occur during a period determined by the Committee; provided however, that in the case of an Award as to which vesting
depends upon the satisfaction of one or more performance conditions, such Dividend Equivalents shall be subject to the same performance
conditions as the underlying Award. Dividend Equivalents shall be converted to and paid in cash or additional Shares or Awards by such formula
and at such time and subject to such limitations as may be determined by the Committee.
Article 14. Transferability of Awards and Shares
14.1 Transferability of Awards. Except as provided in Section 14.2, during a Participant’s lifetime, Options and SARs shall be exercisable
only by the Participant personally, or, in the event of legal incompetence of the Participant, by the Participant’s duly appointed legal guardian.
Awards shall not be transferable other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution; and any purported transfer in violation of this Section
14.1 shall be null and void.
14.2 Committee Action. Except as provided in Section 7.7, the Committee may, in its discretion, determine that notwithstanding Section
14. 1, any Awards shall be transferable, without compensation to the transferor, to and exercisable by such transferees, and subject to such terms
and conditions as the Committee may deem appropriate; provided, however, no Award may be transferred for value without shareholder approval.
14.3 Restrictions on Share Transferability. The Committee may impose such restrictions on any Shares acquired by a Participant under
the Plan as it may deem advisable, including, without limitation, minimum holding period requirements, restrictions under applicable federal
securities laws, under the requirements of any stock exchange or market upon which such Shares are then listed or traded or under any blue sky or
state securities laws applicable to such Shares.
14.4 Transferability after Death of a Participant. For the purpose of exercising Options or Stock Appreciation Rights after the death of
the Participant:
(a) the individuals to whom the Options or Stock Appreciation Rights have been transferred by will or the laws of
descent and distribution shall have the privilege of exercising remaining Options, Stock Appreciation Rights or parts thereof,
whether or not exercisable on the date of death of such Participant, at any time prior to the expiration date of the Options or Stock
Appreciation Rights; and
(b) the duly appointed executors and administrators of the estate of the deceased Participant shall have the same rights
and obligations with respect to the Options and Stock Appreciation Rights as legatees or distributees would have after
distribution to them from the Participant’s estate.