interfere with the Shareholder Nominee’s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Company, with the Shareholder
Nominee’s fiduciary duties under applicable law, (B) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or
understanding with any person or entity other than the Company with respect to any direct or indirect compensation,
reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a Shareholder Nominee that has not been disclosed
to the Company, and is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement, or understanding with any person or
entity other than the Company with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement, or indemnification in
connection with service or action as a director, if elected, and (C) will comply with all the Company’s corporate governance,
conﬂict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines, and any other Company policies
and guidelines applicable to directors, as well as any applicable law, rule or regulation or listing requirement.
(ii) At the request of the Company, the Shareholder Nominee must submit all completed and signed questionnaires required of
the Company’s directors and officers. The Company may request such additional information as necessary to permit the
Board of Directors to determine if each Shareholder Nominee is independent under the listing standards of the principal U.S.
exchange upon which the Company’s capital stock is listed, any applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and any publicly disclosed standards used by the Board of Directors in determining and disclosing the independence of the
Company’s directors (the “Applicable Independence Standards”). If the Board of Directors determines that the Shareholder
Nominee is not independent under the Applicable Independence Standards, the Shareholder Nominee will not be eligible for
inclusion in the Company’s proxy materials.
(g) Authority of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors (and any other person or body authorized by the Board of Directors) shall
have the power and authority to interpret this Section 9 and to make any and all determinations necessary or advisable to apply this
Section 9 to any persons, facts or circumstances, including the power to determine (i) whether a person or group of persons qualifies
as an Eligible Shareholder; (ii) whether outstanding shares of the Company’s capital stock are “owned” for purposes of meeting the
ownership requirements of this Section 9; (iii) whether any and all requirements of this Section 9 have been satisfied, including a
Nomination Notice; (iv) whether a person satisfies the qualifications and requirements to be a Shareholder Nominee, including any
publicly disclosed standards used by the Board of Directors in determining the qualifications of nominees; and (v) whether inclusion
of the Required Information in the Company’s proxy statement is consistent with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and listing
standards. Any such interpretation or determination adopted in good faith by the Board of Directors (or any other person or body
authorized by the Board of Directors) shall be conclusive and binding on all persons, including the Company and all record or
beneficial owners of stock of the Company. This Section 9 shall be the exclusive means for shareholders to include nominees for
election as a director of the Company in the Company’s proxy statement and on its form of proxy for an annual shareholder meeting.
For avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this Section 9 shall not apply to a special meeting of shareholders.
ARTICLE H
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
SECTION 1. Number. The Board of Directors shall be composed of thirteen (13) persons unless this number is changed by: (a) the
shareholders by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of the Company entitling them to exercise at least a majority of the voting power of the
Company voting as a single class at a meeting of shareholders called for the purpose of electing Directors or (b) the affirmative vote of at least two-
thirds (2/3rds) of the whole authorized number of Directors. The Directors may increase the number to not more than fifteen (15) persons and may
decrease the number to not less than ten (10) persons. Any Director's office created by the Directors by reason of an increase in their number may
be filled by action of a majority of the Directors in office.
SECTION 2. Election and Term. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Articles of the Company or these Regulations, Directors shall be
elected at the annual meeting of shareholders to serve one-year terms and until their successors are elected and qualified. The number of Directors
of the Company shall be fixed from time to time in accordance with these Regulations and may be increased or decreased as herein provided.
SECTION 3. Removal, Vacancies. Directors may be removed from office, as provided by law, by the vote of the holders of at least a
majority of the voting power of the Company, voting as a single class, entitling them to elect Directors in place of those to be removed. Vacancies in
the Board of Directors for any unexpired term shall be filled by the remaining Directors, though less than a majority of the whole authorized number
of Directors, by the vote of a majority of their number.
8