The Procter & Gamble Company 5
° collaborating via an online and efficient means of global business may alter the environment in which we do business, which could
communlcatlons; . . . .
, , , adversely impact our f1nanc1al results. If we are unable to continue to
° complylng w1th regulatory, legal and tax requirements; meet these challenges and comply with all laws, regulations and
° prOVidmg data Security; and related interpretations, it could negatively impact our reputation and
° nandiing other processes necessary to manage our bnSinesa our business results. Failure to successfully manage regulatory and
Numerous and evolving information seourity threats, ineluding legal matters and resolve such matters without significant liability or
advanced persistent cybersecurity threats, pose a risk to the security damage to our relautatlon may materially adVerSely lmPaCt 011T TCSUltS
of our IT systems, networks and services) as well as to the of operations and financial position. Furthermore, if pending legal
confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and the availability matters result in fines or Costs in excess of the amounts accrued to
and integrity of our critical business operations. As cybersecurity date, that may alSO materially lmPaet Our reSUltS 0f OperathHS and
threats rapidly evolve in SOphistication and become more prevalent nnanoiai Posnion-
across the industry globally, the Company is continually increasing its Changes in applicable tax regulations could negatively affect our
sensitivity and attention to these threats. We continue to assess ﬁnancialresults.
potential threats and make investments seeking to address these
threats) inoluding monitoring of networks and syStems and upgrading The Company is subject to taxation in the US. and numerous foreign
skills, employee training and seourity polioies for the Company and its jurisdictions. Because the US. maintains a worldwide corporate tax
third-party providers. However, because the techniques used in these SyStem> tne foteign and US tax SYStemS are someWhat
attaokS ohange frequently and may be difficult to deteet for periods of interdependent. For example, certain income that is earned and taxed in
time) we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing countries outside the US. is not taxed in the U.S., provided those
adequate preventative measures. Our IT databases and systems and earnings are indefinitely reinvested outside the US. If those same
our third party providers databases and systems have been, and will foreign earnings are instead repatriated to the U.S., additional residual
likely Continue to be) subjeot to computer viruses or other malicious U.S. taxation will likely occur, due to the U.S.’s worldwide tax system
codes, unauthorized access attempts) denial of service attacks, and higher US. corporate tax rate. The US. is considering corporate
phishing and other oyber_attaoks. To date) we have seen no material tax reform that may significantly change the corporate tax rate and the
impact on our business or operations from these attacks; however, we U.S. international tax rules. Additionally, longstanding international tax
cannot guarantee that our security efforts or the security efforts of our norms that determine eaeh eountrY’S lurlSdlCthn to tax cross-border
third party providers will prevent breaehes or breakdowns to our or international trade are evolving as a result of the Base Erosion and
our third-party providers’ databases or systems. If the IT systems, Ptont Shifting Ptoleot (“BEDS”) undertaken by the G8» G20 and
networks or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly or Organization for EeOhOmle Cooperathh and DeVelOPmeht ("OECD")-
cause operational outages or aberrations, or if we or one of our third- AS these and Other tax laws and related regulations Change» our
party providers suffer a loss, significant unavailability of or disclosure finaneiai tesnits Conid be materially thaeted~ GtVeh the
of our business or stakeholder information, due to any number of unpredietabntty Of these POSStble Changes and their Petehttal
oauses, ranging from catastrophic events or power outages to interdependency, it is very difficult to assess whether the overall effect
improper data handling or seourity breaches, and our business of such potential tax changes would be cumulatively positive or
continuity plans do not effectively address these failures on a timely negative for our earnings and eaten new: tint sueh Changes eelnd
basis, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive and business adversely impaot our nnanoiai tesnita
nann as Wen as litigation and reginatOtY aetion Tne Coats and If we are unable to successfully execute our portfolio optimization
operational Consequences 0f 1teaponding to breaenes and strategy, as well as successfully manage ongoing acquisition, joint
implementing remediation measures oonid be Significant venture and divestiture activities, it could adversely impact our
We must successfully manage compliance with legislation, buSiheSS~
regulation and enforcement, as well as pending legal matters in the In August 2014’ the Company announced a plan to Significantly
US and abroad“ streamline our product portfolio by divesting, discontinuing or
Our business is subieot to a wide variety of laws and regulations consolidating about 100 non-strategic brands, resulting in a portfolio
across all of the countries in which we do business, including those Of abont 65 brands- The Company has announced the Beelity Brands
laws and regulations involving intelleotual property, produot liability, transaction with Coty and completed a series of other transactions that
marketing, antitrust, privacy, environmental, employment, anti-bribery Will SUbStahtlallY Complete this Plan Our ablllty t0 SUCCCSSfUlly
or anti_oorruption (suoh as the us. Foreign Corrupt praotiees Aot), taX execute our portfolio optimization strategy could impact our results.
Or Other matters- Rapldly Changing laWSa regUlathHS and related In addition, as a company that manages a portfolio of consumer
interpretations, including changes in accounting standards, as well as brands, our ongoing business model includes a certain level of
increased enforcement aetionS> eieate enanengeS for the Company» acquisition, joint venture and divestiture activities. We must be able to
ineliiding our Compliance and ethics programs and successfully manage the impacts of these activities, while at the same
time delivering against our business