60 The Procter & Gamble Company
Coty’s offer for the Beauty Brands, which was accepted by the On July 31, 2014, the Company completed the divestiture of its Pet
Company, was $12.5 billion. The final value of the transaction will be Care operations in North America, Latin America, and other selected
determined at closing. Based on Coty’s stock price and outstanding countries to Mars, Incorporated (Mars) for $2.9 billion in an all-cash
shares and equity grants as of June 30, 2016, the value of the transaction. Under the terms of the agreement, Mars acquired our
transaction was approximately $13.1 billion. The value is comprised of branded pet care products, our manufacturing sites in the United
approximately 411 million shares, or 54% of the diluted equity of the States and the majority of the employees working in the Pet Care
newly combined company, valued at approximately $10.7 billion and business. The agreement included an option for Mars to acquire the
the assumption of debt of $2.4 billion by the entity holding the Beauty Pet Care business in several additional countries, which was also
Brands (excluding Dolce & Gabbana and Christina Aguilera) completed in fiscal 2015. The European Union countries were not
immediately prior to close of the transaction. The assumed debt is included in the agreement with Mars.
CXPCCted to vary between $39 bllhon an? $19 bllhon’ dependmg O.n a In December 2014, the Company completed the divestiture of its Pet
$22.06 to $27.06 per share collar of Coty s stock based on the trading . . .
. . . . . Care operations in Western Europe to Spectrum Brands in an all-cash
price prior to the close of the transaction, but Will be subject to other .
. . transaction. Under the terms of the agreement, Spectrum Brands
contractual valuation adjustments. . . . .
acquired our branded pet care products, our manufacturing Site in the
In February 2016, the Company completed the divestiture of its Netherlands and the majority of the employees working in the Western
Batteries business to Berkshire Hathaway (BH) via a split transaction, Europe Pet Care business. The one-time after-tax impact of these
in which the Company exchanged the Duracell Company, which the transactions is not material.
C9H.1p any had Infused Wlth addltlonal caSh’ to {epumhasé all 52's In accordance with applicable accounting guidance for the disposal of
million shares of P&G stock owned by BH. During the fiscal year . .
long-lived assets, the results of the Beauty Brands, Batteries and Pet
ended June 30, 2016, the Company recorded non-cash, before-tax . . . .
. . . . . . . Care bus1nesses are presented as discontinued operations and, as
goodw111 and indefinite-lived asset impairment charges of $402 ($350 . . .
. . . such, have been excluded from both continuing operations and
after tax), to reduce the Batteries carrying value to the total estimated . . .
, . . segment results for all periods presented. Additionally, the Beauty
proceeds based on the value of BH s shares in P&G stock at the time . . , . .
. . Brands, Batteries and Pet Care busmesses balance sheet pOSitions are
of the impairment charges (see Note 4). The Company recorded an . . . . . .
. . . presented as assets and liabilities held for sale in the Consolidated
after-tax gain on the final transaction of $422 to reﬂect a subsequent . .
. . . , . Balance Sheets. The Beauty Brands were historically part of the
increase in the final value of the BH 5 shares in P&G stock. The total , . .
. . . . Companys Beauty reportable segment. The Batteries busmess was
value of the transaction was $4.2 billion representing the value of the . . , .
. . . . . historically part of the Companys Fabric & Home Care reportable
Duracell busmess and the cash inquion. The cash inquion of $1.7 . . . ,
. . segment. The Pet Care bus1ness was historically part of the Company 3
billion was reﬂected as a purchase of treasury stock.
Health Care reportable segment.
On July 1, 2015, the Company adopted ASU 2014-08, which included new reporting and disclosure requirements for discontinued operations. The
new requirements are effective for discontinued operations occurring on or after the adoption date, which includes the Beauty Brands divestiture.
All other discontinued operations prior to July 1, 2015 are reported based on the previous disclosure requirements for discontinued operations,
including the Batteries and Pet Care divestitures.
The following table summarizes Net earnings/(loss) from discontinued operations and reconciles to the Consolidated Statements of Earnings:
:Yieaj: sie,n,d,e,di.1u,n,ei3,(l 2 0 1 6 _ 2 0 1 5 _ 2 0 1 4
Beauty Brands s 336 s 643 s 660 1
Batteries 241 (1,835) 389
’Pet Care — _ 49 _ 78 ‘
Net earnings/(loss) from discontinued operations 3 577 : :$ (1,143): :$ 1,127 :
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.