40 The Procter & Gamble Company
print, radio, internet and in—store advertising expenses and were $7.2 investments. Other investments that are not controlled, and over
billion in 2016, $7.2 billion in 2015 and $7.9 billion in 2014 (reported in which we do not have the ability to exercise significant inﬂuence, are
Net earnings from continuing operations). Non-advertising related accounted for under the cost method. Both equity and cost method
components of the Company's total marketing spending include costs investments are included as Other noncurrent assets in the
associated with consumer promotions, product sampling and sales Consolidated Balance Sheets.
aids, which are included in SG&A, as well as coupons and customer Inventory Valuation
trade funds’ Wthh are recorded as reduCtlonS to Net sales' Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market value. Product—
Other an'OPeraﬁng Ineeme’ Net related inventories are maintained on the first-in, first-out method. The
Other non-operating income, net, primarily includes net acquisition cost of spare part inventories is maintained using the average-cost
and divestiture gains and investment income. method.
Currency Translation Property, Plant and Equipment
Financial statements of operating subsidiaries outside the US. Property, plant and equipment is recorded at cost reduced by
generally are measured using the local currency as the functional accumulated depreciation. Depreciation expense is recognized over the
currency. Adjustments to translate those statements into US. dollars assets' estimated useful lives using the straight—line method.
are recorded in Other comprehensive income (OCI). For subsidiaries Machinery and equipment includes office furniture and fixtures (15-
Operating in highly inﬂationary economies, the US. dollar is the year life), computer equipment and capitalized software (3- to 5-year
functional currency. Re-measurement adjustments for financial lives) and manufacturing equipment (3- to 20-year lives). Buildings are
statements in highly inﬂationary economies and other transactional depreciated over an estimated useful life of 40 years. Estimated useful
exchange gains and losses are reﬂected in earnings. lives are periodically reviewed and, when appropriate, changes are
Cash Flow Presentation made prospectively. When certain events or changes in operating
The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are prepared using the condltlons occur’ asset hves may be adJuSted .an an lmpalrmem
indirect method, which reconciles net earnings to cash ﬂow from assessment may be performed on the recoverablllty Of the carrymg
. . . . . . amounts.
Operatlng act1v1t1es. Cash ﬂows from forelgn currency transactions and
operations are translated at an average exchange rate for the period. GeedWﬂl and Other Intangible Assets
Cash ﬂows from hedging activities are included in the same category Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but
as the items being hedged. Cash ﬂows from derivative instruments are evaluated for impairment annually or more often if indicators of a
designated as net investment hedges are classified as financing potential impairment are present. Our annual impairment testing of
activities. Realized gains and losses from non-qualifying derivative goodwill is performed separately from our impairment testing of
instruments used to hedge currency exposures resulting from indefinite-lived intangible assets.
intereempaby ﬁbebeing transaetiebs are also elaSSiﬁed as ﬁbeneibg We have acquired brands that have been determined to have indefinite
aetiVitieS- caSh ﬂows from Other derivative inStrumeth used to lives. Those assets are evaluated annually for impairment. We evaluate
manage interest CommOdity Or Other currency exposures are elaSSiﬁed a number of factors to determine whether an indefinite life is
as operating activities. Cash payments related to income taxes are appropriate, including the competitive environment, market Share)
classified as operating activities. Cash ﬂows from the Company's brand history) product life cycles) operating plans and the
discontinued operations are included in the Consolidated Statements macroeconomic environment of the countries in which tho brands are
efcaSh Flows“ sold. In addition, when certain events or changes in operating
Investments conditions occur, an additional impairment assessment is performed
Investment securities consist of readily marketable debt and equity and indeﬁnite'bved assets may be adjuslted to a determinable life-
securities. Unrealized gains or losses from investments classified as The cost of intangible assets with determinable useful lives is
trading, if any, are charged to earnings. Unrealized gains or losses on amortized to reﬂect the pattern of economic benefits consumed, either
securities classified as available-for—sale are generally recorded in OCI. on a straight-line or accelerated basis over the estimated periods
If an available-for—sale security is other than temporarily impaired, the benefited. Patents, technology and other intangible assets with
loss is charged to either earnings or OCI depending on our intent and contractual terms are generally amortized over their respective legal or
ability to retain the security until we recover the full cost basis and the contractual lives. Customer relationships, brands and other non-
extent of the loss attributable to the creditworthiness of the issuer. contractual intangible assets with determinable lives are amortized
Investment securities are included as Available-for-sale investment over periods generally ranging from 5 to 30 years. When certain events
securities and Other noncurrent assets in the Consolidated Balance or changes in operating conditions occur, an impairment assessment is
Sheets. performed and remaining lives of intangible assets with determinable
Investments in certain companies over which we exert significant lives may be adlUSted-
inﬂuence, but do not control the financial and operating decisions, are For additional details on goodwill and intangible assets see Note 4.
accounted for as equity method
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.