be converted into Class A Common Stock as contemplated by the JAB Letter Agreement) of any nature whatsoever, whether contingent,
vested or unvested, or otherwise (and without giving effect to any “cashless exercise” or similar features);
in each case other than, for the avoidance of doubt, the shares of the Acquiror New Common Stock issued or to be issued in the Merger. A
sample calculation of Fully Diluted Basis is attached hereto as Exhibit Q.
(b) Section 4.05(f)7(i) of the Transaction Agreement is hereby amended so as to add in the text indicated below in bold underline:
(f) As of the date on which the Galleria Stock Amount is calculated through the Closing Date, the Fully Diluted Basis will be equal
to:
(i) 374,890,092, representing the aggregate number of shares of Acquiror Common Stock and Acquiror Options outstanding as
of the date hereof (it being understood that any Repurchased Shares will be deemed to constitute outstanding shares of Class A Common
Stock for purposes of the calculation of the Fully Diluted Basis), plus
(c) Exhibit E (Minimum Tender Condition Formula) and Exhibit Q (Sample Calculation of Fully Diluted Basis) are each hereby amended
such that the following sentence will be added to the bottom of each Exhibit:
In the event that there are any Repurchased Shares, all such Repurchased Shares will be deemed to constitute outstanding shares of Class
A Common Stock, and therefore will be included in the calculation of “Fully Diluted Basis,” consistent with the definition thereof. For
example, if there were originally 98,799,798 outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, and 20,000,000 of those shares are repurchased
by Acquiror in connection with the activities contemplated by Paragraph 7 of Section 5.06 of the Acquiror Disclosure Letter, those
20,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock will continue to be deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of the calculations reﬂected on
this Exhibit (and therefore there will continue to be 98,799,798 shares of Class A Common Stock that are deemed to be outstanding).
((1) Prior to execution of the Tax Matters Agreement, Section 4.01(d)(ii)(t) of the form of the Tax Matters Agreement attached as Exhibit H
to the Transaction Agreement will be amended as follows: “(t) all repurchases by Acquiror or any Affiliate of Acquiror stock (other than any such
repurchases permitted by the letter agreement, dated as of August 13, 2015, among the Parties) have been unrelated to the Transactions”.
3. Effect of Letter Agreement. This letter agreement constitutes a valid amendment of the Transaction Agreement (including Exhibit E,
Exhibit Q and Section 5.06 of the Acquiror Disclosure Letter) as contemplated by Section 10.06 of the Transaction Agreement. Except as and to the
extent expressly modified by this letter agreement, the Transaction Agreement, as so amended by this letter agreement, will remain in full force and
effect in all respects. Each reference to “hereof,” “herein,” “hereby” and “this Agreement” in the Transaction Agreement will from and after the
effective date hereof refer to the Transaction Agreement as amended by this letter agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
letter agreement, the date of the Transaction Agreement, as amended hereby, will in all instances remain as July 8, 2015, and any references in the
Transaction Agreement to “the date first above written,” “the date of this Agreement,” “the date hereof” and similar references will continue to refer
to July 8, 2015, including, without limitation, for purposes of Article III and Article IV of the Transaction Agreement.
4. Entire Agreement. This letter agreement, together with the Transaction Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements, including any related
annexes, schedules and exhibits, as well as any other agreements and documents referred to herein and therein, will together constitute the entire
agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and will supersede all prior
2