The Procter & Gamble Company 1
BARTEI
Item 1.B,usi,ne,s,s,., and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores,
Additional information required by this item is incorporated herein by memberShlp Chlb Slows” drug Stores’ department Stores? dIStrlbutorS’
, . . . baby stores, speCialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency
reference to Managements Discus31on and AnalySis (MD&A); and . . . . . .
. . . stores and pharmaCies. We utilize our superior marketing and online
Notes 1 and 2 to our Consolidated Financ1a1 Statements. Unless the . . H n
. . . H ,, n ,, ,, ,, presence to w1n w1th consumers at the zero moment of truth - when
context indicates otherWise, the terms the Company, P&G, we, . . .
H H H H . they are searching for information about a brand or product. We work
our or us as used herein refer to The Procter & Gamble Company . . . .
. . . . . collaboratively With our customers to improve the in-store presence of
(the registrant) and its subSidiaries. . H . H .
our products and Win the first moment of truth - when a consumer is
The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded shopping in the store. We must also win the "second moment of truth"
consumer packaged goods of superior quality and value to improve - when a consumer uses the product, evaluates how well it met his or
the lives of the world's consumers. The Company was incorporated in her expectations and decides whether it was a good value. We believe
Ohio in 1905, having been built from a business founded in 1837 by we must continue to provide new, innovative products and branding
William Procter and James Gamble. Today, our products are sold in to the consumer in order to grow our business. Research and product
more than 180 countries and territories. development activities, designed to enable sustained organic growth,
Throughout this Form 10-K, we incorporate by reference information conﬁrmed to carry a hlgh pnorlty dunng the paSt ﬁscal year”
from other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Key Product Categories. Information on key product categories can
Commission (SEC). be found in Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Key Customers. Our customers include mass merchandisers, grocery
Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments thereto, stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores,
are filed electronically with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-
that contains these reports at: www.sec.gov. You can also access frequency stores and pharmacies. Sales to Wal—Mart Stores, Inc. and
these reports through links from our website at: www.pginvestor.com. its affiliates represent approximately 15% of our total revenue in 2016,
. . . 2015 and 2014. No other customer represents more than 10% of our net
Copies of these reports are also available, Without charge, by . o
. . . sales. Our top ten customers account for approx1mately 35A) of our
contacting Wells Fargo, 1100 Centre Pomte Curve, Suite 101, Mendota, . . .
MN 55120 4100 total sales in 2016, 2015 and 2014. The nature of our busmess results in
' no material backlog orders or contracts with the government. We
Financial Information about Segments believe our practices related to working capital items for customers and
. s liers are consistent ith the ind st se merits in hich e
As of June 30, 2016 the Company has five reportable segments under 61323 etc W u ry g W W
US. GAAP: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care; and p '
Baby, Feminine & Family Care. Many of the factors necessary for Sources and Availability of Materials. Almost all of the raw and
understanding these businesses are similar. Operating margins of the packaging materials used by the Company are purchased from others,
individual businesses vary due to the nature of materials and some of which are single-source suppliers. We produce certain raw
processes used to manufacture the products, the capital intensity of materials, primarily chemicals, for further use in the manufacturing
the businesses and differences in selling, general and administrative process. In addition, fuel, natural gas and derivative products are
expenses as a percentage of net sales. Net sales growth by business is important commodities consumed in our manufacturing process and in
also expected to vary slightly due to the underlying growth of the the transportation of input materials and of finished product to
markets and product categories in which they operate. While none of customers. The prices we pay for materials and other commodities are
our reportable segments are highly seasonal, components within subject to ﬂuctuation. When prices for these items change, we may or
certain reportable segments, such as Appliances (Grooming), are may not pass the change to our customers. The Company purchases a
seasonal. substantial variety of other raw and packaging materials, none of
. . . . . h' h' ' l ' k h l .
Additional information about our reportable segments can be found in W m S matena to our busmess ta en as a W 0 e
the MD&A and Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Trademarks and Patents. We own or have licenses under patents and
. . . . registered trademarks which are used in connection with our activity in
Narrative Description of Bus1ness . . . . .
all buSinesses. Some of these patents or licenses cover Significant
Business Model. Our business model relies on the continued growth product formulation and processes used to manufacture our products.
and success of existing brands and products, as well as the creation of The trademarks are important to the overall marketing and branding of
new products. The markets and industry segments in which we offer our products. All major trademarks in each business are registered.
our products are highly competitive. Our products are sold in more
than 180 countries