54 The Procter & Gamble Company
Employee Stock Ownership Plan NOTE 9
We maintain the ESOP to provide funding for certain employee RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES AND FAIR VALUE
benefits discussed in the preceding paragraphs. MEASUREMENTS
The ESOP borrowed $1.0 billion in 1989 and the proceeds were used to As a multinational company with diverse product offerings, we are
purchase Series A ESOP Convertible Class A Preferred Stock to fund a exposed to market risks, such as changes in interest rates, currency
portion of the US. DC plan. Principal and interest requirements of the exchange rates and commodity prices. We evaluate exposures on a
borrowing were paid by the Trust from dividends on the preferred centralized basis to take advantage of natural exposure correlation and
shares and from advances provided by the Company. The original netting. To the extent we choose to manage volatility associated with
borrowing of $1.0 billion has been repaid in full, and advances from the the net exposures, we enter into various financial transactions that we
Company of $74 remain outstanding at June 30, 2016. Each share is account for using the applicable accounting guidance for derivative
convertible at the option of the holder into one share of the Company's instruments and hedging activities. These financial transactions are
common stock. The dividend for the current year was equal to the governed by our policies covering acceptable counterparty exposure,
common stock dividend of $2.66 per share. The liquidation value is instrument types and other hedging practices.
$682 per Share' At inception, we formally designate and document qualifying
In 1991, the ESOP borrowed an additional $1.0 billion. The proceeds instruments as hedges of underlying exposures. We formally assess,
were used to purchase Series B ESOP Convertible Class A Preferred at inception and at least quarterly thereafter, whether the financial
Stock to fund a portion of retiree health care benefits. These shares, instruments used in hedging transactions are effective at offsetting
net of the ESOP's debt, are considered plan assets of the other retiree changes in either the fair value or cash flows of the related underlying
benefits plan discussed above. Debt service requirements are funded exposures. Fluctuations in the value of these instruments generally are
by preferred stock dividends, cash contributions and advances offset by changes in the fair value or cash flows of the underlying
provided by the Company, of which $718 is outstanding at June 30, exposures being hedged. This is driven by the high degree of
2016. Each share is convertible at the option of the holder into one effectiveness between the exposure being hedged and the hedging
share of the Company's common stock. The dividend for the current instrument. The ineffective portion of a change in the fair value of a
year was equal to the common stock dividend of $2.66 per share. The qualifying instrument is immediately recognized in earnings. The
liquidation value is $12.96 per share. amount of ineffectiveness recognized was immaterial for all years
Our ESOP accounting practices are consistent with current ESOP presented
accounting guidance, including the permissible continuation of certain Credit Risk Management
prOVISIOnS from pnor accogmmg gmdance' ESOP debt’ Whl? h IS We have counterparty credit guidelines and normally enter into
guaranteed by the Company, IS recorded as debt (see Note 10) w1th an . . . . . . . .
. . . transactlons w1th investment grade f1nanc1al institutlons, to the extent
offset to the reserve for ESOP debt ret1rement, which IS presented . . . .
. . , . commerc1ally v1able. Counterparty exposures are monitored dally and
wrthln Shareholders equity. Advances to the ESOP by the Company . . . . .
. . . downgrades 1n counterparty cred1t rat1ngs are rev1ewed on a tlmely
are recorded as an increase 1n the Reserve for ESOP debt retirement. . . . . .
. . ba31s. We have not incurred, and do not expect to 1ncur, material cred1t
Interest incurred on the ESOP debt IS recorded as Interest expense. losses on our risk mama emem or other ﬁnancial instruments
Dividends on all preferred shares, net of related tax benefits, are g '
charged to Retained earnings. Substantially all of the Company's financial instruments used in
The series A and B preferred shares of the ESOP are allocated to hedgmg transacuons are. governed by mdusny Standard netjung an.d
. . collateral agreements w1th counterpartles. If the Company 3 cred1t
employees based on debt serv10e requirements. The number of . . .
. . rat1ng were to fall below the levels stipulated 1n the agreements, the
preferred shares outstanding at June 30 was as follows. . . . . . .
counterparties could demand either collateralizatlon or terminatlon of
isihramsjnithioiusands 2016 _ 2015 _ 2014 ’ltjhe tahirangemtentst. T111: aggrega’: fair value of instrument: covered:
IAllocated 39,241 42,044 44,465‘ y ese con rac ua ea ures a are in a ne 1a 1 1ty posr ion as 0
June 30, 2016, was not material. The Company has not been requlred to
Unallocated 6’095 _ 7>228 _ 8>474 post collateral as a result of these contractual features.
45 336 49 272 52 939
lTOTAL SERIES A : ’ :—: ’ :—: ’ l Interest Rate Risk Management
’Allocated 23,925 23,074 22,085‘ Our iolicytisctobrtnapage interesthcostuiing a mixtturg of fixed-rate and
var1a e-ra e e . o manage 1s ms in a cos -e 1c1en manner, we
Unallocated 32’319 _ 34’096 _ 35’753 enter into interest rate swaps whereby we agree to exchange with the
lTOTAL SERIES B 56,244 _ 57,170 _ 57,838 l counterparty, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and
, , , variable interest amounts calculated by reference to a notional amount.
For purposes of calculatlng diluted net earnings per common share,
the preferred shares held by the ESOP are considered converted from
inception.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.