The Procter & Gamble Company 67
shares of The Procter & Gamble Company subject to an exchange ratio plan) or any grants as to which the Compensation Committee of the
of .975 shares of P&G stock per share of Gillette stock. Only employees Board of Directors has waived the termination provisions; and (2) any
previously employed by The Gillette Company prior to October 1, 2005 exercisable portions immediately become void, except in the case of
are eligible to receive grants under this plan. death, retirement, special separation, voluntary resignation that is not
The plan was designed to attract, retain and motivate employees of for Good Reason (as those.terms are .deﬁned in the plan) or.any grants
. . . as to which the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors has
The Gillette Company and, until the effective date of the merger . . . . .
between The Gillette Company and The Procter & Gamble Company, walved the termmatlon prOVISlonS'
non-employee members of the Gillette Board of Directors. Under the Additional information required by this item is incorporated by
plan, eligible participants are: (i) granted or offered the right to reference to the 2016 Proxy Statement filed pursuant to Regulation
purchase stock options, (ii) granted stock appreciation rights and/or 14A, beginning with the section entitled Security Ownership of
(iii) granted shares of the Company's common stock or restricted stock Management and Certain Beneficial Owners and up to but not
units (and dividend equivalents). Subject to adjustment for changes in including the section entitled Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
the Company's capitalization and the addition of any shares authorized Reporting Compliance.
but not issued or redeemed under The Gillette Company 1971 Stock
Option P1an> the number 0f Shares to be granted under the Plan is net Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director
to exceed 19,000,000 shares. Independence.
Except in the case Of death Of the recipient, all stock options and stock The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to
appreCiaﬁOn rights mUSt expire no later than ten years from the date 0f the following sections of the 2016 Proxy Statement filed pursuant to
grant The exerCiSe price for all Sleek Options granted under the plan Regulation 14A: the subsections of the Corporate Governance section
must be equal to or greater than the fair market value of the Company's entitled Director Independence and Review and Approval of
stock on the date of grant. Any common stock awarded under the plan Transaenens with Related Persons
may be subject to restrictions on sale or transfer while the recipient is
employed, as the committee administering the plan may determine. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.
If a reglplent .Of a grant leaves the C9mpany W.h 116 .hOIdmfg an The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to
unexer01sed option or right. (1) any unexerCisable portions immediately . . .
. . . . . the folloWing section of the 2016 Proxy Statement filed pursuant to
become v01d, except in the case of death, retirement, speCial separation . _ . . . .
(as those terms are deﬁned in the Regulation 14A. Report. of the Audit Committee, which ends With the
subsection entitled SerVices Prov1ded by De101tte.
PART IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. - Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income - for
1. Financial Statements: years ended June 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014
0 Consolidated Balance Sheets - as of June 30, 2016 and 2015
The following Consolidated Financial Statements of The Procter & . Consolidated Statements of Shareholderel Equity _ for years ended
Gamble Company and subsidiaries, management's report and the June 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014
reports 0f the independent regiStered Pnbne aeeennnng ﬁrm are 0 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - for years ended June 30,
incorporated by reference in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 2016, 2015 and 2014
0 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial ° Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Reporting . . .
- Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on 2' Fmanmal Statement SCheduleS'
Internal Control over Financial Reporting These schedules are omitted because of the absence of the conditions
. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Film on under which they are required or because the information is set forth in
Consolidated Financial Statements the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto.
0 Consolidated Statements of Earnings - for years ended June 30,
2016, 2015 and 2014