The Procter & Gamble Company 65
Item 9. Changes,in,and,Disagreements,with,Ac,co,untantson summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities
Accounting and Financial Disclosure. and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and
Not applicable communicated to our management, including Messrs. Taylor and
' Moeller, to allow their timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Item 9A contmls and Procedures’ Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. . . . . .
There were no changes in our internal control over f1nancral report1ng
The Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, David S. Taylor, that occurred during the Company's fourth fiscal quarter that have
and the Company's Chief Financial Officer, Jon R. Moeller, performed materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
an evaluation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures Company's internal control over financial reporting.
(as defined in Rules 13a—15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (Exchange Act)) as of the end of the period covered by Item 93 Other Information.
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Not applicable.
Messrs. Taylor and Moeller have concluded that the Company's
disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that
information required to be disclosed in reports we file or submit under
the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed,
PARTJII
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
The Board of Directors has determined that the following members of Item 11' Exe’c’ut’ly’eic’Qmp’ens’at’lgn”
the Audit Committee are independent and are Audit Committee The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to
financial experts as defined by SEC rules: Ms. Patricia A. Woertz the following sections of the 2016 Proxy Statement filed pursuant to
(Chair) and Mr. Kenneth I. Chenault. Regulation 14A: the subsections of the Corporate Governance section
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to ent1tled commlttees Of the .Board all". el‘tlt'ed compensation
. . . Committee Interlocks and Insrder Part1c1pation, and the portlon
the follow1ng sections of the 2016 Proxy Statement filed pursuant to . . . . . . .
. _ . . . . . . beglnning With the sectlon ent1tled D1rector Compensation up to but
Regulation 14A. the section entitled Electron of Directors, the sectlon . . . . . .
. . . . not including the sectlon ent1tled Security Ownership of Management
ent1tled Corporate Governance, up to but not including the subsection . . .
entitled Board Engagement and Attendance; the subsections of the and certam Beneﬁmal owners'
Corporate Governance section entitled Code of Ethics, entitled
Director Nominations for Inclusion in the 2017 Proxy Statement and
entitled Shareholder Recommendations of Board Nominees and
Committee Process for Recommending Board Nominees; and the
section entitled Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance. Pursuant to Instruction 3 of Item 401(b) of Regulation S-
K, Executive Officers of the Registrant are reported in Part I of this
report.