19.3 Awards Previously Granted. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, other than Sections 19.2, 19.4 and
21.15, no termination or amendment of this Plan or an Award Agreement shall adversely affect in any material way any Award previously granted
under this Plan, without the written consent of the Participant holding such Award.
19.4 Amendment to Conform to Law. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, the Board or Committee may
amend the Plan or an Award Agreement, to take effect retroactively or otherwise, as deemed necessary or advisable for the purpose of conforming
the Plan or an Award Agreement to any law relating to plans of this or similar nature, and to the administrative regulations and rulings promulgated
thereunder. By accepting an Award under this Plan, a Participant agrees to any amendment made pursuant to this Section 19.4 to the Plan and any
Award without further consideration or action.
Article 20. Tax Withholding
20.1 Minimum Tax Withholding. The Company shall have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a Participant to remit
to the Company, the minimum statutory amount to satisfy applicable federal, state and local tax withholding requirements, domestic or foreign, with
reSpect to any taxable event arising as a result of this Plan, but in no event shall such deduction or withholding or remittance exceed the minimum
statutory withholding requirements.
20.2 Share Withholding. With respect to withholding required upon the exercise of Options or SARs, upon the lapse of restrictions on
Restricted Stock, upon the settlement of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Stock Units, or any other taxable event arising as a result of an
Award granted hereunder (collectively and individually referred to as a “Share Payment”) the Committee may choose to satisfy the withholding
requirement, in whole or in part, by having the Company withhold from a Share Payment the number of Shares having a Fair Market Value on the
date the withholding is to be determined equal to the minimum statutory withholding requirement, but in no event shall such withholding exceed the
minimum statutory withholding requirement.
Article 21. General Provisions
21.1 Legend. The certificates for Shares may include any legend that the Committee deems apprOpriate to reﬂect any restrictions on
transfer of such Shares.
21.2 Gender and Number. Except where otherwise indicated by the context, any masculine term used herein also shall include the
feminine, the plural shall include the singular, and the singular shall include the plural.
21.3 Severability. In the event any provision of this Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not
affect the remaining parts of this Plan, and this Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included.
21.4 Requirements of Law. The granting of Awards and the issuance of Shares under this Plan shall be subject to all applicable laws,
rules and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required.
21.5 Delivery of Title. The Company shall have no obligation to issue or deliver evidence of title for Shares issued under this Plan prior
to:
(a) Obtaining any approvals from governmental agencies that the Company determines are necessary or advisable; and
(b) Completion of any registration or other qualification of the Shares under any applicable national or foreign law or ruling of
any governmental body that the Company determines to be necessary or advisable.
21.6 Inability to Obtain Authority. The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which
authority is deemed by the Company’s counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of
any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite
authority shall not have been obtained.
21.7 Investment Representations. The Committee may require any individual receiving Shares pursuant to an Award under this Plan to
represent and warrant in writing that the individual is acquiring the Shares for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute
such Shares.