The Procter & Gamble Company 25
have paid a dividend for 126 years, every year since our incorporation We utilize short— and long-term debt to fund discretionary items, such
in 1890. as acquisitions and share repurchases. We have strong short— and
Long_Term and ShomTerm Debt We maintain debt levels we long-term debt ratings, which have enabled, and should continue to
Consider appropriate after evaluating a number of teeters, ineinding enable, us to refinance our debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in
cash ﬂow expectations, cash requirements for ongoing operations, Commercial paper and bond mafket.s- Ir} acidition» We. have agreements
investment and financing plans (including acquisitions and Share w1th.a d1verse group of finanmal 1nst1tutlons that, 1f needed, should
repurchase activities) and the overall cost of capital. Total debt was Prowde SUfﬁClent cred“ fundmg to meet Short'term flnancmg
$30.6 billion as of June 30, 2016 and $30.3 billion as of June 30, 2015. reqmremems
Treasury Purchases. Total share repurchases were $4.0 billion in 2016 On June 30, 2016, our short-term credit ratings were P-l (Moody's) and
and $4.6 billion in 2015. In addition, the cash infusion of $1.7 billion in A-1+ (Standard & Poor's), while our long-term credit ratings were Aa3
the Batteries divestiture was reﬂected as a purchase of treasury stock. (Moody's) and AA— (Standard & Poor's), all with a stable outlook.
Liquidity We maintain bank credit facilities to support our ongoing commercial
At June 30, 2016, our current assets exceeded current liabilities by $3.0 £23263??? Eﬂfioiurgg ::llgcnlis 21:38:) $Zlglobrilnfgrclﬂgtg4§£ﬁ
billion largely due to current assets and current liabilities of the Beauty facility which ex ire in Izovember tyzozo and 'November 2016)]
Brands business held for sale. Excluding current assets and current ’. p . . . . ’
liabilities of the Beauty Brands business held for sale our current reSp?Ctlvely' The.3.64-Ciay facmty can be extended for certam perlOdS
liabilities exceeded current assets by $1.8 billion, largely due to short— Of 1.H.le as Spemﬁed m the terms Of the .Credlt agreemeft' Theée
term borrowings under our commercial paper program We anticipate facrlltles are currently undrawn and we ant1c1pate that they Wlll remaln
bein able to su on our Short_term n uidity and 0' Gratin needs undrawn. These credit facilities do not have cross-default or ratings
la {’1 thr h p; h n rat d fr m q ran n gh Cgm an triggers, nor do they have material adverse events clauses, except at
ge y 011g .3 ge e e O 0pc . O S' e O p y the time of signing. In addition to these credit facilities, we have an
regularly assesses 1ts cash needs and the available sources to fund . . . . . .
these needs AS OfJune 30 2016 $11 0 billion Ofthe Company,s cash automatrcally effectlve reglstratlon statement on Form S-3 filed w1th
. ' ’ ’ '. . . . ’ the SEC that is available for registered offerings of short- or long-term
cash equivalents and marketable securlties 1s held off-shore by foreign debt securities For additional details on debt see Note 10 to the
subsidiaries. Amounts held by foreign subsidiaries are generally Consolidated Financial Statements
subject to US. income taxation on repatriation to the US. We do not '
expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside of the Guarantees and Other Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
U'S' .t.0 have a matenal effeCt. on our overall llqmdlty’ ﬁnanmal We do not have guarantees or other off-balance sheet financing
condrtlon or the results of operatlons for the foreseeable future. Of the . . . . . . . .
June 30 2016 balance of off-shore cash cash equivalents and arrangements’ “101.11 ding vanablé lntéreSt enililes’ whlch .We beheve
marketable securities the majority re1a£es to various Western Could have a materlal 1mpact on f1nanc1alcond1t10n or 11qu1d1ty.
European countries. As of June 30, 2016, we did not have material
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances in any
country subject to exchange controls that significantly restrict our
ability to access or repatriate the funds.