AMENDED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY
The Procter & Gamble Company, a corporation under the laws of the State of Ohio, adopts these Amended Articles of Incorporation to
supersede and take the place of its existing Amended Articles of Incorporation, and all amendments thereof, that are in force at this time, and for
such purpose certifies as follows:
First: The name of the corporation is The Procter & Gamble Company.
Second: The place in the State of Ohio where its principal office is located is in the City of Cincinnati, in Hamilton County.
Third: The purposes for which it is formed are to produce, manufacture, buy, sell merchandise and generally deal in the following:
1. Soap, soap products, cleansers, detergents and cleaning products of any and all kinds, for any and all uses and purposes.
2. Cosmetics, perfumes, toilet powders, toilet waters, and all other toilet preparations and articles.
3. Fats and oils, hydrogenated fats and oils, and derivatives of fats and oils for any and all uses and purposes.
4. Cottonseed, soybeans, other oilseeds, oilseed meals, linters, cotton, hulls and any products and any by-products resulting from the
processing of any of these or any products made therefrom.
5. Cellulose, cellulose products, purified cellulose, forest products, fibrous products, paper and paper products of any and all kinds, and
any products and any by—products resulting from the processing of any of these or any products made therefrom.
6. Food products of any and all kinds.
7. Candles, stearine, stearic acid, glycerine, silicate of soda, caustic soda and any similar or related products.
8. Organic and inorganic chemicals, chemical compounds, drugs and pharmaceuticals.
9. A11 substances and products, kindred to or competitive with any or all of the foregoing and all that may result from or be convenient to
the production, manufacture, sale and dealing in any or all of the foregoing substances and products.
10. A11 substances, materials, and articles made from or containing any or all of the foregoing products or entering into or convenient for
the manufacture and sale of any or all of the foregoing products.
The purposes for which it is formed also include the power to do all other things necessary or incident to any or all of the foregoing
purposes, including provision for insurance, financial and other services and of means for the development, promotion, advertising, marketing and
transportation of raw materials, intermediate or finished products and the power to purchase, acquire, hold, convey, lease, mortgage or dispose of
stock, securities and property, real or personal, tangible or intangible, in connection therewith or in furtherance thereof.
In addition to the foregoing specified purposes and not limited in any manner thereby, the purpose for which it is formed is to engage in
any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be formed under Sections 1701.01 to 1701.98, inclusive, of the Ohio Revised Code.
Fourth: The authorized number of shares without par value is ten billion eight hundred million (10,800,000,000) of which six hundred million
(600,000,000) are classified and designated as Class A Preferred Stock, two hundred million (200,000,000) are classified and designated as Class B
Preferred Stock and ten billion (10,000,000,000) are classified and designated as Common Stock.
1