12 The Procter & Gamble Company
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE
Our organizational structure is comprised of Global Business Units (GBUs), Selling and Market Operations (SMOs), Global Business Services (GBS)
and Corporate Functions (CF).
Global Business Units
Our GBUs are organized into ten product categories. Under US. GAAP, the GBUs underlying the ten product categories are aggregated into five
reportable segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care; and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The GBUs are responsible for
developing overall brand strategy, new product upgrades and innovations and marketing plans. The following provides additional detail on our
reportable segments and the ten product categories and brand composition within each segment.
% of % of Net
Reportable Segments Net Sales 1 Earnings 1 Product Categories (Sub-Categories) Major Brands
Hair Care (Conditioner, Shampoo, Styling Aids, Treatments) 3:11? ShOUIderS’ Pantene’
Beauty 18% 20% , , , J ,
Skln and Personal Care (Antzperspzrant and Deodorant, Olay, Old Sp1ce, Safeguard,
Personal Cleansing, Skin Care) SK—II
Grooming 2 (Shave Care - Female Blades & Razors, Male Braun Fusion Gillette
Grooming 11% 15% Blades & Razors, Pre- and Post-Shave Products, Other Shave ’ ’ ’
. Mach3, Prestobarba, Venus
Care; Appllances)
Oral Care (Toothbrushes, Toothpaste, Other Oral Care) Crest, Oral-B
Health Care 11% 12% Personal Health Care (Gastrointestinal, Rapid Diagnostics,
Respiratory, Vitamins/Minerals/Supplements, Other Personal Prilosec, Vicks
Health Care)
gaggle 32:)(17 abric Enhancers, Laundry Additives, Laundry Ariel, Downy, Gain, Tide
Fabric & Home Care 32% 27% g
Home Care (Air Care, Dish Care, P&G Professional, Surface Cascade, Dawn, Febreze, Mr.
Care) Clean, Swiffer
B b F . _ & F .1 Baby Care (Baby Wipes, Diapers and Pants) Luvs, Pampers
C2113” emmlne aml y 28% 26% Feminine Care (Adult Incontinence, Feminine Care) Always, Tampax
Family Care (Paper Towels, Tissues, Toilet Paper) Bounty, Charmin
(1) Percent of Net sales and Net earnings from continuing operations for the year ended June 30, 2016 (excluding results held in Corporate).
(2) The Grooming product category is comprised of the Shave Care and Appliances GBUS.
Recent Developments: As of June 30, 2015, the Company During fiscal 2016, the company completed the divestiture of its
deconsolidated our Venezuelan subsidiaries and began accounting for Batteries business. The Batteries business had historically been part
our investment in those subsidiaries using the cost method of of the Company’s Fabric &Home Care reportable segment. The results
accounting. This change resulted in a fiscal 2015 one-time after-tax of the Batteries business are presented as discontinued operations
charge of $2.1 billion ($0.71 per share). Beginning in fiscal 2016, our and, as such, are excluded from both continuing operations and
financial results only include sales of finished goods to our segment results for all periods presented. Additionally, the Batteries
Venezuelan subsidiaries to the extent we receive cash payments from balance sheet positions as of June 30, 2015 are presented as held for
Venezuela (expected to be largely through the DIPRO and DICOM sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
6XChange market): ACPOIdingly> We nolonger infﬂude the reSUItS Of 91“ On July 9, 2015, the Company announced the signing of a definitive
Venezuelan sub31d1ar1es' operatlons in reportmg periods follow1ng agreement to divest four product categories, to Coty Inc. ("Cow")
fISC?1,2015 (See Note 1 t0 the Consohdated FlnanCIal Statements and Coty's offer was $12.5 billion. The divestiture was initially comprised of
addltional dlscussion 1n the MD&A under "Venezuela Impacts" in 43 of the Companyvs beauty brands ("Beauty Brands"), including the
Results Of Operatlonsl global salon professional hair care and color, retail hair color,
In August 2014, the Company announced a plan to significantly cosmetics and fine fragrance businesses, along with select hair styling
streamline our product portfolio by divesting, discontinuing or brands. Subsequent to signing, two of the fine fragrance brands, Dolce
consolidating about 100 non-strategic brands. The resulting portfolio Gabbana and Christina Aguilera, were excluded from the divestiture.
of about 65 key brands are in 10 category—based businesses where While the ultimate form of the transaction has not yet been decided,
P&G has leading market positions, strong brands and consumer- the Company’s current preference is for a Reverse
meaningful product technologies.