THIRD AMENDMENT TO
TRANSACTION AGREEMENT
This Third Amendment to the Transaction Agreement (this “Amendment”), dated May 25, 2016, is by and among The Procter & Gamble
Company, an Ohio corporation (“Parent”), Galleria Co., a Delaware corporation (“§plitCo”), Coty Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Acquiror”), and
Green Acquisition Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Merger Sub”), and amends that certain Transaction Agreement, dated July 8, 2015 and
amended August 13, 2015 and February 19, 2016, by and among Parent, SplitCo, Acquiror and Merger Sub (the “Agreement”) and certain deliveries
to be made thereunder, all as contemplated by Section 10.06 of the Agreement. The capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the
meanings given to them in the Agreement.
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties hereby agree as follows:
ARTICLE I
AMENDMENTS
Section 1.1 Closing.
a. Section 2.06 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with:
Closing of the Mergg. On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, the consummation of the Merger
(the “Closing”) will take place at Jones Day, 222 East 41St Street, New York, New York, at 10:00 am, local time, on the third
Business Day after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VII (other than those conditions that by their
nature or pursuant to the terms of this Agreement are to be satisfied at or immediately prior to the Closing, but subject to the
satisfaction or, where permitted, the waiver of those conditions), unless another date or place is agreed to in writing by Parent and
Acquiror. The date on which the Closing occurs is referred to as the “Closing Date.” For accounting purposes, the Closing will
be deemed to have occurred (a) as of 11:59:59 pm local time on the Closing Date if the Closing Date is the last Business Day of a
month, (b) as of 12:00:01 am local time on the Closing Date if the Closing Date is the first Business Day of a month, or (c) as of
such time as the Parties may mutually agree in good faith if the Closing Date is not the first or last Business Day of a month.
b. The definition of “Cut-Off Date” in the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with:
“Cut-Off Date” means the date that is the last Business Day of the month that is the month prior to the month in which the
anticipated Closing Date occurs (for example, if the Closing Date is expected to be June 30, 2016, then the Cut-Off Date would be
May 31, 2016); provided, however, that if the Cut-Off Date would be less than 25 days prior to the Closing Date, then the Cut—Off
Date will be the date that is the last Business Day of the month that is two months prior to the month in which the anticipated
Closing Date occurs (for example, if the Closing Date is expected to be August 15, 2016, then the Cut-Off Date would be June 30,
2016)
c. Section 5.21(e) of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with:
Transfer of Accounts Receivable. Prior to the Closing, Parent will cause (i) all accounts receivable that are either (A) primarily
related to the Galleria Business and held by SplitCo or any Galleria Entity or (B) primarily related to the Salon Professional
Business and (ii) all other rights to payment and security for payments to the extent they relate to the Galleria Business to be held
by a member of the Galleria Group.
Section 1.2 Use of Parent Names and Marks.
a. Section 5.17 to the Agreement is hereby amended so as to replace “for the six-month period following the Closing Date (the
“Transition Period”)” with “for the Transition Period.”
b. Article XI to the Agreement is hereby amended so as to add the following defined term:
1