is localized (a “Localization Offer”).
(iii) An offer made in accordance with this subsection will provide for the transfer, as soon as practicable following the
Closing Date, of the Expatriate Employee’s primary place of employment to a location in a new host country in which the
Expatriate Employee will be localized pursuant to Acquiror’s localization policies applicable to similarly—situated
employees of Acquiror and its Affiliates, provided that, during the Continuation Period, Acquiror and SplitCo will cause
the Galleria Group to maintain a comparable Expatriate Package for the Expatriate Employee until such transfer and to pay
the costs of such transfer to the same extent and on the same terms as provided for in Acquiror’s relocation policies
applicable to similarly-situated employees of Acquiror and its Affiliates (a “Transfer Offer”).
In the case of an Expatriate Employee who accepts a Repatriation Offer, the requirements of Section 6.O4@7(i) and Section 6.04(d)
(including the amount of any Compensation Gap) will be determined without regard to the Expatriate Employee’s Expatriate
Package and as if the Expatriate Employee had been returned to his or her home country immediately prior to the Closing. In the
case of an Expatriate Employee who accepts a Localization Offer, the requirements of Section 6.O4@7(i) and Section 6.04(d)
(including the amount of any Compensation Gap) will be determined after taking into account the Expatriate Employee’s Expatriate
Package as part of the total direct compensation and employee benefits provided by Parent and its Subsidiaries immediately prior
to the Closing. In the case of an Expatriate Employee who accepts a Transfer Offer, the requirements of Section 6.04@f(i) and
Section 6.04(d) (including the amount of any Compensation Gap) will be determined without regard to the Expatriate Employee’s
Expatriate Package and as if the Expatriate Employee had been returned to his or her home country immediately prior to the
Closing and will be determined in a manner that makes the Expatriate Employee whole (on a net after—Tax basis) for any variations
in income tax treatment, cost of living and cost of housing between the employee’s former home country and new home/host
country. In addition, with reSpect to any Expatriate Employee who rejects an offer of employment made pursuant to Section 6.02
any Liabilities arising from the resulting termination of such employee from employment with any member of the Parent Group
or the Galleria Group will be Galleria Liabilities and will be the sole responsibility of Acquiror. Acquiror and SplitCo will be
responsible for all costs and expenses arising from the rejection of such an offer of employment by an Expatriate Employee,
including any costs arising from the recruitment and hiring of a new employee to fill that Expatriate Employee’s role. For clarity, in
no event will SplitCo or Acquiror’s obligations under this Section 6.04(g) extend beyond the Continuation Period.
b. Article XI of the Agreement is hereby amended so as to add the following defined terms:
“Localization Offer” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(g).
“ﬁpatriation Offer” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(g).
“Transfer Offer” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(g).
c. Section 6.04(g) of the Parent Disclosure Letter is hereby deleted in its entirety.
Section 1.19 Galleria Business Acquired Plans. The Agreement is hereby amended to add Exhibit R, as set forth on Attachment D hereto, and
Schedule 1.05(a)(xiii) of the Parent Disclosure Letter is hereby amended to delete paragraph 1 and replace it with the following:
a. Acquiror or its Affiliates shall assume the Galleria Business Acquired Plans. The “Galleria Business Acquire Plans” shall be the
plans set forth on Exhibit R to the Agreement.
7