nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Company to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to
serve as an independent director of the Company or that could be material to a reasonable shareholder’s understanding of the independence, or
lack thereof, of such nominee.
(f) Determination of Business Not Properly Brought Before a Meeting. Only such persons who are nominated in accordance with
the procedures set forth in this Section 8 or Section 9 of this Article I shall be eligible to serve as directors and only such business shall be
conducted at a meeting of shareholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this
Section 8 or Section 9 of this Article 1. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Articles of Incorporation of the Company or these
Regulations, the determination of whether any business sought to be brought before any annual or special meeting of the shareholders is
properly brought before such meeting in accordance with this Section 8 or Section 9 of this Article I will be made by the presiding officer of
such meeting. If the presiding officer determines that any business is not properly brought before such meeting, he or she will so declare
to the meeting and any such business will not be conducted or considered.
(g) Rule 14a-8; Exchange Act Compliance. This Section 8 is expressly intended to apply to any business proposed to be brought
before an annual meeting of shareholders other than any shareholder proposal made pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 8, a shareholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of the
Exchange Act with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 8. Nothing in this Section 8 will be deemed to affect any rights of
shareholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Company’s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act.
(h) Deﬁnition of Public Announcement. For purposes of this Section 8 and Section 9 of this Article 1, “public announcement”
means disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Company with the Securities
and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13, 14, or 15 (d) of the Exchange Act.
SECTION 9. Proxy Access for Director Nominations. The Company shall include in its proxy statement for an annual shareholder meeting
the name, together with the Required Information (as defined below), of any person nominated for election (a “Shareholder Nominee”) to the Board
of Directors by a shareholder that satisfies, or by a group of no more than twenty (20) shareholders that satisfy, the requirements of this Section 9
(an “Eligible Shareholder”), and that expressly elects at the time of providing the notice required by this Section 9 (the “Nomination Notice”) to
have its nominee included in the Company’s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 9.
(a) Delivery of Nomination Notice. A shareholder’s Nomination Notice, together with the Required Information, must be delivered to the
Secretary of the Company not less than one hundred and twenty (120) days and not more than one hundred and fifty (150) days prior
to the one year anniversary of the preceding year’s annual shareholder meeting; provided, however, that if the date of the annual
shareholder meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, the Nomination
Notice must be so delivered not later than the one hundred and twentieth (120th) day prior to such annual shareholder meeting, or, if
later, the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such annual shareholder meeting was first
made. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual shareholder meeting commence a
new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a Nomination Notice as described above.
(b) Required Information. For purposes of this Section 9, the “Required Information” that the Company will include in its proxy statement
is (i) the information concerning the Shareholder Nominee and the Eligible Shareholder that, as determined by the Board of Directors,
is required to be disclosed in the Company’s proxy statement filed pursuant to the proxy rules of the SEC; and (ii) if the Eligible
Shareholder so elects, a written statement not to exceed five hundred (500) words, in support of the Shareholder Nominee’s candidacy
(the “Statement”), which must be provided at the same time as the Nomination Notice. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Section 9, the Company may omit from its proxy materials any information or Statement (or portion thereof) that (A)
directly or indirectly impugns the character, integrity or personal reputation of, or directly or indirectly makes charges concerning
improper, illegal or immoral conduct or associations, without factual foundation, with respect to any person; or (B) would violate any
applicable law or regulation. Nothing in this Section 9 shall limit the ability of the Company to solicit proxies against the Shareholder
Nominee or to include in its own proxy materials the Company’s own statements or any other additional information relating to any
Eligible Shareholder or Shareholder Nominee.
4