The Procter & Gamble Company 13
Morris Trust split-off transaction in which P&G shareholders could fresheners. In fabric care, we generally have the number one or number
elect to participate in an exchange offer to exchange their P&G shares two market share position in the markets in which we compete and are
for Coty shares. The Company expects to complete this transaction in the global market leader with nearly 30% global market share, primarily
October 2016. The results of the Beauty Brands are now presented as behind our Tide, Ariel and Downy brands. Our global home care
discontinued operations and, as such, are excluded from both market share is nearly 25% across the categories in which we compete.
continuing operations and segment results for all periods presented. Baby, Feminine & Family Care: In baby care, we compete mainly in
Additionally, the Beauty Brands' balance sheet positions as of June diapers, pantS and baby WipeS With nearly 30% global market share
30> 2016 and June 30> 2015 are prosonr6d as hero for sale in the We are the number one or number two baby care competitor in most of
Consolidated Balance Sheets the key markets in which we compete, primarily behind Pampers, the
During fiscal 2015, the Company completed the divestiture of its Pet Company's largest brand, with annual net sales of nearly $9 billion. We
Care business. The gain on the transaction was not material. The are the global market leader in the feminine care category with over
results of the Pet Care business are presented as discontinued 25% global market share, primarily behind Always. We also compete in
operations and, as such, are excluded from both continuing operations the adult incontinence category in certain markets, achieving over 10%
and segment results for all periods presented. market share in the markets where we compete. Our family care
With these transactions and other recent minor brand divestitures, the p‘iSinoss is pr odominanny a North American business Coniprised
Company will have substantially completed the strategic portfolio largoiy or the Bounty papor rower and Charmin toner paper pranas-
1teshaning program. US. market shares are over 40% for Bounty and over 25% for Charmin.
Beauty: We are a global market leader in the beauty category. Most of Selling and Market Operations
the beauty markets in which we compete are highly fragmented with a Our SMOs are responsible for developing and executing go-to-market
large number of global and local competitors. We compete in skin and plans at the local level. The SMOs include dedicated retail customer,
personal care and in hair care. In skin and personal care, we offer a trade channel and country—specific teams. Our SMOs are organized
wide variety of products, ranging from deodorants to personal under six regions comprised of North America, Europe, Latin America,
cleansing to skin care, such as our Olay brand, which is one of the top Asia Pacific, Greater China and India, Middle East and Africa (IMEA).
facial skin care brands in the world with over 7% global market share. Throughout the MD&A, we reference business results in developed
In hair care, we compete in the retail channel. We are the global market markets, which are comprised of North America, Western Europe and
leader in the retail hair care market with over 20% global market share Japan, and developing markets which are all other markets not
primarily behind our Pantene and Head & Shoulders brands. included in developed.
Grooming: We compete in Shave Care and Appliances. In Shave Care, Global Business Services
we are the global market leader in the blades and razors market. Our GBS provides technology) processes and standard data tools to
global pianos and razors marker snare is nearly 65%: primarily ponind enable the GBUs and the SMOs to better understand the business and
the Gillette franchise including Fusion, Mach3, Prestobarba and better serve eonsnnieis and customers. The GBS organization is
Venus Our applianoos> soon as oioorrio razors and opiiarorsa are soid responsible for providing world-class solutions at a low cost and with
under the Braun brand in a number of markets around the world where minimal canitai investment
we compete against both global and regional competitors. We hold Corporate Functions
over 20% of the male shavers market and nearly 45% of the female . i .
epiiatois market. CF provldes company—level strategy and portfoho analys1s, corporate
Health Care: We compete in oral care and personal health care. In oral accountmg’ treasury’ taX’ eXtemal relations gOYernance= human
. . resources and legal, as well as other centrallzed funct10nal support.
care, there are several global competitors 1n the market and we have
the number two market share position with nearly 20% global market STRATEGIC FOCUS
share behind our Oral-B and Crest brands. In personal health care, we P&G aspires to serve the wondvs oonsnnieis better than our best
are a top ten competitor in a large, highly fragmented industry, competitors in every oategoiy and in every country in whioh we
prirnariiy ponind respiratory treatments (Vioks brand)» nonprescription compete, and, as a result, deliver total shareholder return in the top
heartburn medications (Prilosec OTC brand) and digestive wellness one_thiid of our peer group. Deiiveiing and sustaining leadership
produors (Morainiioiia Pepro Bisrnoia and Align brands)- Nearly an or levels of shareholder value creation requires balanced top-line growth,
our sales outside the US. in personal health care are generated bottom_1ine growth and strong oash generation.
through the PGT Healthcare partnership with Teva Pharmaceuticals . . . . .
Ltd Our strateglc ch01ces are focused on Winning w1th consumers. The
' consumers who purchase and use our products are at the center of
Fabric & Home Care: This segment is comprised of a variety of fabric everything we do. We inerease the number of users _ and the usage _
oaro prodnors inoruoing laundry dororgonrs> additives and fabric of our brands when we win at the zero, first and second moments of
enhancers; and home care products including dishwashing liquids and truth: When oonsnnieis 1peseaieh our
detergents, surface cleaners and air