PERFORMANCE STOCK PROGRAM SUMMARY
(Effective July 1, 2016)
The Performance Stock Program (“PSP”) is a part of The Procter & Gamble Company’s (the “Company”) long-term incentive (“LTI”) compensation
and is designed to provide additional focus on key Company measures for top executives with senior management responsibility for total Company
results. Awards granted under the PSP (“PSP Awards”) are made pursuant to authority delegated to the Compensation & Leadership Development
Committee (the “C&LD Committee”) by the Board of Directors for determining compensation for the Company’s principal officers and for making
awards under the Procter & Gamble 2014 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (the “2014 Plan”) or any successor stock plan approved in
accordance with applicable listing standards. PSP Awards are Performance-Based Compensation (as defined in Article 15 of the 2014 Plan).
I. ELIGIBILITY
The Chairman of the Board and/or Chief Executive Officer and those active executives at Band 6 or above as of October 1 prior to the grant date and
recommended by management are eligible to participate (“Participants”).
II. OVERVIEW
A significant portion of the Band 6 and above compensation is delivered through two long-term incentive programs tied to Company performance:
PSP and the Long-term Incentive Program.
Total long-term incentive compensation targets are based on relevant competitive market data considering the median total long-term compensation
of comparable positions, regressed for revenue size. The C&LD Committee establishes the Peer Group and sets compensation targets for all
Principal Officers including the CEO. The CEO approves compensation targets for non-Principal Officers (generally Band 6 managers).
The C&LD Committee determines the long-term incentive award for the CEO. The CEO recommends all other Principal Officer awards to the C&LD
Committee based on benchmarked long-term compensation targets, adjusted for business results and individual contributions attributable to each
executive and including that individual’s leadership skills. The C&LD Committee retains full authority to accept, modify, or reject these
recommendations. The CEO approves awards for participants who are not Principal Officers based on long-term compensation targets, business
results and individual contributions. Long-term incentive awards can be up to 50% above or 50% below the benchmarked target. In exceptional
cases, no award will be made. After total LTI award size is determined then approximately half of each Band 7 manager’s long-term compensation is
allocated to PSP via an Initial PSU Grant (as defined below). The remaining portion is a Long-term Incentive Program Grant. Approximately 25% of
each Band 6 manager’s total LTI is allocated to PSP with the remainder awarded under the Long-term Incentive Program.
PSP rewards Participants for Company performance against certain three-year performance goals in categories established by the C&LD Committee.
The C&LD Committee sets these performance goals for each three-year period that begins on July 1 and ends on June 30 three years later
(“Performance Period”). In the first year of each Performance Period, the C&LD Committee grants Performance Stock Units (“PSUs”) to Participants
that will vest at the end of the Performance Period based on the Company’s performance relative to the pre-established performance goals (“Initial
PSU Grant”). The number of PSUs that vest at the end of the Performance Period depends on the Company’s performance against the pre-
established performance goals. Vested PSUs, including dividend equivalents, are converted into shares of the Company’s common stock
(“Common Stock”) delivered to the applicable Participant within 60 days following the end of the Performance Period, or such later date as may be
elected by the Participant in accordance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code (“Section 409A”).
111. PERFORMANCE CATEGORIES
The PSP Award is based on the Company’s performance in each of the following categories (each a “Performance Category”) and
weighted as indicated:
° Organic sales growth - 30%
° Constant currency core before-tax operating profit growth - 20%
0 Core earnings per share (EPS) growth - 30%
- Adjusted free cash ﬂow productivity - 20%
Within the first 90 days of each Performance Period, the C&LD Committee sets three-year performance goals (“Performance Goals”) for each
Performance Category for such Performance Period and establishes a sliding scale to measure the Company’s performance against each
Performance Goal in each Performance Category. The C&LD Committee uses the sliding scale to