4 The Procter & Gamble Company
respond to competitive moves could compromise our competitive counterfeit products. Additionally, negative or inaccurate postings or
position and adversely impact our results. comments on social media or networking websites about the Company
.. . . . . . or one of its brands co 1d enerate ad erse blici that co 1d
The ability to achieve our bus1ness objectives is dependent on how . u g V pu ty u
. . . damage the reputation of our brands or the Company. If we are unable
well we can compete With our local and global competitors in new and . . . . .
. . to effectlvely manage real or perceived Issues, 1nclud1ng concerns
ex1st1ng markets and channels. . . . . . .
about safety, quality, ingredients, efficacy or Similar matters,
The consumer products industry is highly competitive. Across all of sentiments toward the Company or our products could be negatively
our categories, we compete against a wide variety of global and local impacted and our financial results could suffer. Our Company also
competitors. As a result, we experience ongoing competitive pressures devotes significant time and resources to programs that are consistent
in the environments in which we operate, as well as challenges in with our corporate values and are designed to protect and preserve
maintaining profit margins. To address these challenges, we must be our reputation, such as social responsibility and environmental
able to successfully respond to competitive factors, including pricing, sustainability. If these programs are not executed as planned or suffer
promotional incentives and trade terms. In addition, evolving sales negative publicity, the Company's reputation and financial results
channels and business models may affect customer and consumer could be adversely impacted.
references as ell as market d namics hich for e am 1e ma be . . . . .
p . W. y ’ W ’ . X ’ We rely on third parties in many aspects of our bus1ness, which
seen in the grow1ng consumer preference for shopping online. Failure . . .
. . . creates additional risk.
to successfully respond to competitive factors and effectively compete
in growing sales channels and business models, particularly 6- Due to the scale and scope of our business, we must rely on
commerce, could negatively impact our results. relationships with third parties, including our suppliers, distributors,
. . . . . . contractors, joint venture partners or external business partners, for
A Signiﬁcant change in customer relationships or in customer . . . .
. . . certain functions. If we are unable to effectively manage our third party
demand for our products could have a Signiﬁcant impact on our . . . .
. relationships and the agreements under which our third party partners
bus1ness. . . . . .
operate, our finan01a1 results could suffer. Additionally, while we have
We sell most of our products via retail customers, which include mass policies and procedures for managing these relationships, they
merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations,
department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, governance and compliance, thereby potentially increasing our
e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Our success is financial, legal, reputational and operational risk.
de endent on o r abili to s ccessf 11 mana e relationshi s ith . . . . . . . .
p . u ty . u y g . . p W An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach,
our retail trade customers, Wthh includes our ability to offer trade . . .
. . . . or the failure of one or more key information technology systems,
terms that are mutually acceptable and are aligned With our pricing and . . . .
. . . . . . . networks, hardware, processes, associated Sites or serv1ce prov1ders
profitability targets. Continued consolidation among our retail . . . .
. . . . could have a material adverse impact on our bus1ness or reputation.
customers could create Significant cost and margin pressure on our
business, and our business performance could suffer if we cannot We rely extensively on information technology (IT) systems, networks
reach agreement with a key customer based on our trade terms and and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing
principles. Our business could also be negatively impacted if a key facilities and tools, physical security systems and other hardware,
customer were to significantly reduce the inventory level of our software and technical applications and platforms, some of which are
products or experienceasignificant business disruption. managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third-parties or their
. endors to assist in cond ctin o r b siness. The ario s ses of
If the reputation of the Company or one or more of our brands erodes V ’ u g V u.
. . . . . . these IT systems, networks and serv1ces include, but are not limited to:
Signiﬁcantly, it could have a material impact on our ﬁnancial results.
I , . ° ordering and managing materials from suppliers;
:ffhe dCompanyfs reputa’ltion, artild the replutlation ofkoiililr biands, farm the . converting materials to ﬁnished products;
oun .ation .0 our reations 1ps w1t ey sta e o ers an ot er . Shipping products to customers;
constituencws, 1nclud1ng consumers, customers and suppliers. The . .
. . . . - marketing and selling products to consumers;
quality and safety of our products are critical to our bus1ness. Many of H t, t f , t , d/ , t
our brands have worldwide recognition, and our financial success is CO cc mg’ tans emng’ S ormg,’ an or processmg Gus omer’
. consumer, employee, vendor, investor, regulatory, and other
d1rectly dependent on the success of our brands. The success of our . .
. . . . . . stakeholder information and personal data;
brands can suffer if our marketing plans or product initiatives do not , , d , 1 f , -
have the desired impact on a brand's image or its ability to attract ° sumlnmzmg an , repomng reéu ts O Operatl9ns= . .
consumers. Our results could also be negatively impacted if one of our ° hOStlrlg= processmg and ,Sharmg as appmpnale’ 90nfldenllal and
brands suffers substantial harm to its reputation due to a significant propnetary research busmess plans and ﬁnamlal Informatlom
product recall, product-related litigation, changing consumer
perceptions of certain ingredients, allegations of product tampering or
the distribution and sale of