15.5 Interpretation of Performance-Based Compensation. In the event an Award is intended to be Performance-Based Compensation, all
terms of the Award and any accompanying Committee action shall be interpreted in a manner that results in the Award complying with Code
Section 162(m), and, to the extent a Plan term or Committee action is inconsistent with Code Section 162(m), the Plan term or Committee action shall
be deemed modified (or, if necessary, treated as void) in a manner that results in compliance with Code Section 162(m).
15.6 Committee Discretion. In the event that applicable tax or securities laws change to permit Committee discretion to alter the
governing Performance Measures or permit ﬂexibility with respect to the terms of any Award or Awards to be treated as Performance-Based
Compensation without obtaining shareholder approval of such changes, the Committee shall have sole discretion to make such changes without
obtaining shareholder approval. In addition, in the event that the Committee determines that it is advisable to grant Awards that shall not qualify as
Performance-Based Compensation, the Committee may make such grants without satisfying the requirements of Code Section 162(m) and base
vesting on Performance Measures other than those set forth in Section 15.2.
Article 16. Termination of Employment or Termination of Directorship
16.1 Effect of Termination of Employment or Directorship Generally. Each Award Agreement evidencing the grant of an Award shall
provide for the following:
(a) The extent to which a Participant shall vest in or forfeit such Award following the Participant’s Termination of
Employment or Termination of Directorship, as applicable.
(b) With respect to an Award in the form of an Option or SAR, the extent to which a Participant shall have the right to
exercise the Option or SAR following the Participant’s Termination of Employment or Termination of Directorship, as applicable.
The foregoing provisions shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee, shall be included in each Award Agreement entered
into with each Participant, need not be uniform among all Award Agreements and may reﬂect distinctions based on the reasons for termination.
16.2 Effect of Termination of Employment for Cause. In addition to the forfeiture events specified in the Award Agreements as
authorized by Section 16.1 above, a Participant’s Termination of Employment or Directorship for Cause shall result in the forfeiture of the
Participant’s outstanding Awards in accordance with the following:
(a) Any outstanding and non-vested Options, SARs, Restricted Stock, RSUs, Performance Stock Units, Cash-Based
Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards granted to the Participant shall be forfeited as of the Participant’s Termination of
Employment or Directorship; and
(b) Any vested and unexercised Options and SARs, vested but not settled RSUs, earned but not settled Performance
Stock Units, and earned and/or vested Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards granted to the Participant shall be
forfeited as of the Participant’s Termination of Employment or Directorship.
Article 17. Effect of a Change in Control
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, the provisions of this Article 17 shall apply in the event of a Change in
Control:
17.1 Awards Assumed by Successor. Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, any Award granted under the Plan that is Assumed
(as defined in Section 17.2 below) by the entity effecting the Change in Control shall vest and be exercisable, if applicable, in accordance with the
terms of the original grant unless, during the two (2) year period commencing on the date of the Change in Control:
(a) the Participant is involuntarily terminated for reasons other than for Cause; or,
(b) the Participant terminates his or her employment for Good Reason.
If clause (a) or (b) applies, the Award shall become fully vested and exercisable, if applicable, and any restrictions that apply to the Award
shall lapse, and any performance-based Award shall be deemed to be satisfied at the target level, except that, with respect to any Award subject to
Code Section 409A, payment shall be made on the date payment would have been made had