SECTION 3. President. The President shall perform such duties and have such responsibilities as may be delegated or assigned to him or
her by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer.
SECTION 4. Other Officers. All other officers shall perform such duties and have such responsibilities as may be delegated or assigned to
them by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer.
SECTION 5. Bonds of Officers. The Board of Directors shall determine which officers of the Company shall give bond, and the amount
thereof, the expense to be paid by the Company.
ARTICLE VI
SHARES OF STOCK
SECTION 1. Mutilated and Lost Certificates. If any certificate for shares of the Company becomes worn, defaced or mutilated, the
Company, upon production or surrender thereof may order the same cancelled, and a new certificate issued in lieu thereof. If any certificate for
shares be lost or destroyed, a new certificate may be issued upon such terms and under such regulations as may be adopted by the Board of
Directors.
SECTION 2. Form. Some or all of any or all of, the classes and series of the Company’s shares shall be uncertificated shares, provided
however that shares represented by a certificate may not be uncertificated until the certificate is surrendered to the Company and any existing
certificated security issued in exchange for an uncertificated security shall not be uncertificated.
ARTICLE VII
GENERAL WELFARE
SECTION 1. Policy. It is declared to be the policy of the Company to recognize that its interests and those of its employees are
inseparable, and are best developed and maintained by the adoption of such measures as will assure the employees of the Company of this fact. To
this end the Board of Directors is authorized, in its discretion, to inaugurate and maintain a profit-sharing or other similar plan, an adequate pension
and benefit plan, and to grant to the employees such voice in the conduct of the business as may seem to the Board to be right and proper.
SECTION 2. Stock Ownership by Employees. The Board of Directors is authorized to devise and carry into effect such plans as it may
deem advisable, to assist the employees to become shareholders of the Company by the purchase of its shares.
ARTICLE VIII
AMENDMENTS
SECTION 1. Amendments. These Regulations, or any of them, may be altered, amended, added to or repealed by the Board of Directors (to
the extent permitted by the Ohio General Corporation law) or by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of
capital stock of the Company entitled to vote thereon, considered for the purposes of this Section 1 as one class.
ARTICLE IX
AS SENT OF SHAREHOLDERS
SECTION 1. Effect. Any person becoming a shareholder in this Company shall be deemed to assent to these Regulations, and any
alterations, amendments, or additions thereto, lawfully adopted, and shall designate to the Secretary or appointed Transfer Agents of the Company,
the address to which he desires that the notices herein required to be given may be sent, and all notices mailed to such address with postage
prepaid, shall be considered as duly given at the date of mailing, provided, however, that in the event that any shareholder shall have failed to so
designate an address to which notices shall be sent, then said notices shall be sent to any address where the Secretary believes he may be reached,
otherwise to "General Delivery, Cincinnati, Ohio." The mailing of any notice to "General Delivery, Cincinnati, Ohio," shall be conclusive that the
Secretary knows of no address where he believes said shareholder may be reached.
11