Section 1.7 Certain Excluded Assets.
a. The Agreement is hereby amended to add the following as a new Section 5.31:
5.31 Certain Excluded Assets. Parent will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to sell its facility in Sarreguemines, France
and Ondal S.a.r.l., a French company wholly-owned by Parent, to a third party prior to the Business Transfer Time (the
“French Plant Sale”). In connection with the French Plant Sale, Parent will enter into (1) a contract manufacturing agreement
for the manufacture of the products of the Galleria Business made at the Sarreguemines, France facility, which agreement will
be assignable to SplitCo, and (2) a contract manufacturing agreement for the manufacture of the Parent Group’s non-Galleria
Business products. After the consummation of the French Plant Sale, if applicable, Parent will assign the contract
manufacturing agreement for the products of the Galleria Business to SplitCo at the Business Transfer Time.
b. Upon and subject to the consummation of the French Plant Sale, the Disclosure Schedules to the Agreement will automatically be
amended to remove the following in its entirety from Attachment 1-C to Schedule 1.05(a)7(ﬁ) to the Agreement:
2, rue Denis Papin
Ondal Sarreguemines P1 t Terrain Industriel / BR 305 0
Plant / Warehouse an Sarreguemines 57201 W
France
c. Upon and subject to the consummation of the French Plant Sale, the Disclosure Schedules to the Agreement will automatically be
amended to remove the following in its entirety from Schedule 1.05(a)7(il)7 to the Agreement:
I Ondal France S.a.r.l. I France I
d. Upon and subject to the consummation of the French Plant Sale, the Disclosure Schedules to the Agreement will automatically be
amended to remove the following in its entirety from Schedule 1.05(a)7(xix) to the Agreement:
I EUR I France I Disbursement I x>oooo<x7009 I Citibank I
Ondal France S.a.r.l. | EUR | France | Payroll | m7017 | Citibank |
| EUR | France | Payroll | W702 | HSBC |
Section 1.8 Certain Galleria Entities.
a. The Disclosure Schedules to the Agreement are hereby amended to add the following to Schedule 1.05(a),( ii) to the Agreement:
I P&G Prestige Products NV I Belgium I
I P&G Prestige Products Limited I United Kingdom I
| LLC Cape11a | Russia |
I Cosmetic Suppliers Pty Ltd, trading as Wella Australia I Australia I
I Greshem Cosmetics Pty Ltd I Australia I
Section 1.9 Certain Trademarks. The Disclosure Schedules to the Agreement are hereby amended to add the Trademarks set forth on Attachment
A to this Amendment to Schedule 1.05@,@ to the Agreement and, to the extent set forth on Schedule 1.05(a)7(vii) or any Attachment thereto, to
remove the Trademarks set forth on Attachment A from Schedule 1.05(a)7(v7ii) or any Attachment thereto.
3