18 The Procter & Gamble Company
Venezuelan subsidiaries. Earnings also declined due to the impact of Net earnings from discontinued operations decreased $2.3 billion in
the decline in net sales in fiscal 2016, partially offset by improved 2015 due primarily to $2.1 billion of after-tax impairment charges in our
gross margin and the reduction in SG&A. Foreign exchange impacts Batteries business (see Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial
reduced net earnings by about $880 million in 2016 due to weakening Statements) and the absence of fiscal 2015 earnings from our divested
of certain key currencies against the US. dollar, primarily in Argentina, Pet Care business. Net earnings attributable to Procter & Gamble
Brazil, Canada, Mexico and Russia. This impact includes both decreased $4.6 billion, or 40% to $7.0 billion.
transactional charges as discussed above in Operating Costs and . . . . .
. . . . . Diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations decreased
translational impacts from converting earnings from foreign o . .
subsidiaries to U S dollars $0.79, or 22 A), to $2.84 due to the decrease in net earnings. We had a
' ' ' diluted net loss per share from discontinued operations of $0.40 due
Net earnings from discontinued operations improved $1.7 billion in primarily to the impairment charges on the Batteries business. This
2016 to $577 million. Batteries drove a $2.1 billion improvement due was a reduction of $0.78 per share versus the prior year. Diluted net
primarily to a $1.8 billion reduction in after-tax impairment charges in earnings per share decreased $1.57, or 39%, to $2.44.
the Baffin“: busmess ($35.0 mllhon m the 91mm“ year COmPaled to Core EPS decreased 2% to $3.76. Core EPS represents diluted net
$2.1 billion in the base period) and a $422 million after-tax gain in the . . . . .
. . . . earnings per share from continuing operations excluding charges for
current period from the sale of the Batteries buSiness. This was . .
. . . Venezuelan deconsolidation, balance sheet remeasurement charges
partially offset by a decrease in the earnings of the Beauty Brands (see . . . .
. . . from foreign exchange policy changes and devaluation in Venezuela,
Note 4 to the Consolidated Financ1a1 Statements). . .
charges for certain European legal matters and incremental
Net earnings attributable to Procter & Gamble increased $3.5 billion, or restructuring related to our productivity and cost savings plan. The
49% to $10.5 billion. decline was driven by reduced net sales, partially offset by minor
Diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations increased brand dwesmum gams’
$0.65, or 23%, to $3.49 due to the increase in net earnings and a decline Venezuela Impacts
m the average number Of Share.s outStandmg' D11.uted.net earnings per There are a number of currency and other operating controls and
share from discontinued operations were $0.20 primarily resulting from . . . . .
. . . . restrictions in Venezuela, which have evolved over time and may
the gain on the sale of the Batteries bus1ness. This was an . . . . . .
. . . continue to evolve in the future. These evolv1ng conditions resulted in
improvement of $0.60 per share versus the prior year. Diluted net . .
earnings per Share increased $1 25 or 51% to $3 69 an other-than-temporary lack of exchangeability between the
' ’ ’ ' ' Venezuelan bolivar and US. dollar and restricted our Venezuelan
Core EPS decreased 2% to $3.67. Core EPS in fiscal year 2016 Operations’ ability to pay dividends or pay for certain raw and package
represents diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations materials, finished goods and services denominated in US. dollars. For
excluding charges for certain European legal matters and incremental accounting purposes, this resulted in a lack of control over our
restructuring related to our productivity and cost savings plan. The Venezuelan subsidiaries. Therefore, in accordance with the applicable
decline was driven by reduced net sales and foreign exchange impacts, accounting standards for consolidation, effective June 30, 2015, we
partially offset by gross margin expansion. deconsolidated our Venezuelan subsidiaries and began accounting for
. . our investment in those subsidiaries using the cost method of
Flscalyear 2015 comparedwnhﬁscalyear 2014 accounting. This resulted in a write-off of all of the net assets of our
Net earnings from continuing operations decreased $2.4 billion or 22% Venezuelan subsidiaries, along with Venezuela related assets held by
to $8.3 billion due to the $2.1 billion after-tax charge related to the other subsidiaries. Beginning with the first quarter of fiscal 2016, our
deconsolidation of Venezuelan subsidiaries and the decline in net financial results only include sales of finished goods to our
sales, partially offset by reduced SG&A. Foreign exchange impacts Venezuelan subsidiaries to the extent we receive payments from
negatively affected net earnings by approximately $1.3 billion in 2015 Venezuela. Accordingly, we no longer include the results of our
due to the weakening of certain key currencies against the US. dollar, Venezuelan subsidiaries’ operations in our financial results.
primarily in Russia, Ukraine, Venezuela and Argentina, partially offset
by lower after—tax charges related to balance sheet remeasurement
charges in Venezuela.