22 The Procter & Gamble Company
SG&A as a percentage of net sales increased due to an increase in category decreased less than two points, primarily attributable to
marketing spending and the negative scale impacts from the reduction developing markets.
in net sales. 0 Volume in Feminine Care declined low single digits due to a mid-
Fiscalyear 2015 comparedwithﬁscalyear 2014 Single-digit decrease in developing regions caused by competitive
act1v1ty and price increases in the prev1ous fiscal year, partially
Fabric & Home Care net sales decreased 5% to $22.3 billion in 2015 on offset by market growth. In developed regions, volume was
a 1% increase in unit volume. Organic sales increased 2%. Unfavorable unchanged. Global market share of the feminine care category
foreign exchange reduced net sales by 6%, while pricing added 1% to decreased more than half a point.
net sales, mix was neutral, and minor brand divestitures had a negative . Volume in Family Care decreased 10W Single digits due to a
impact Of about 1%. Global market share Of the Fabric & Home Care double—digit decline in developing regions driven by the
segment decreased 0.1 points. Volume increased low single digits in discontinuation of non—strategic products, Volume in developed
deVelOPed regions and was unChanged in deVeloping regions. regions increased low single digits due to product innovation and
. Fabric Care volume increased 10w Single digits due to 10W Single- increased merchandising. In the U.S., all-outlet share of the family
digit growth in developed regions behind market growth and care category decreased nearly halfa P01nt~
product innovation. Volume was unchanged in developing Net earnings decreased 10% to $2.7 billion primarily due to the
regions. Global market share of the fabric care category was ﬂat. reduction in net sales. Net earnings margin decreased 20 basis points
- Home Care volume was unchanged as decreases due to as higher gross margin was more than offset by an increase in SG&A
competitive activity, mainly in developed markets, were offset by as a percentage of net sales and a higher tax rate. Gross margin
increases from product innovation and expanded distribution. increased driven by manufacturing cost savings and lower commodity
Global market share of the home care category was down nearly costs, partially offset by negative product mix. SG&A as a percentage
half a point. of net sales increased due to the negative scale impact from the
Net earnings decreased 5% to $2.6 billion due to the net sales reduction in net sales. The higher tax rate versus the prior year was
reduction. Gross margin was unchanged as negative product mix due to the geographlc mlx Ofeammgs-
impacts from investments to expand new innovations globally were Fiscalyear 2015 comparedwithﬁscalyear 2014
offset by manufacturing cost sav1ngs. SG&A as a percent of net sales . . . 0 .
was unchanged as lower spending due to marketing and overhead Baby, Femlmne & Famlly Care {let-93163 were down 3% to $202 b11110“
efﬁciencies kept pace with reduced sales. in 2015 on a 1% decline in unit volume. Organ1c sales were up 3%.
. . . . . . o
BABY, FEMININE & FAMILY CARE Price increases, primarily in Baby. Care, increased net sales by 2%).
Favorable geographic mix from higher developed market volume in
Change Change both Feminine Care and Baby Care and from product mix in Feminine
(Simjjjiqnsi 2016 _ vs. 2015 _ 2015 _ vs. 2014 Care increased net sales by 2%. Unfavorable foreign exchange reduced
’VOlume N/A (3)% N/A (1)% ‘ net sales by 6%. Global market share of the Baby, Feminine & Family
Net sales $18,505 — (9)% — $20,247 — (3)% Gare segment decreased 0.6 pomts. Volume increased. low Single digits
, in developed regions and decreased high Single digits in developing
Net earnings $2,650 (10)% $2,938 —% ‘ regions
0 0 0
A) Ofnet sales 14'3 /o (20) bps 145A) 50 bps 0 Volume in Baby Care decreased low single digits due to a mid-
Fiscal year 201 6 compared with ﬁscal year 201 5 single-digit decrease in developing regions following increased
, , ,1 1 o .11, pricing, partially offset by a low single-digit increase in developed
Balm Femlnine & Farm y car: net 5a, CS decreased 9A) to $185 b1 Ion regions from product innovation. Global market share of the baby
during the fiscal year on a 34 decline in unit volume. Unfavorable care category decreased less than a point.
foreign exchange reduced net sales by 6%. Organic sales declined 1% . . . . . . .
. . . 0 Volume in Feminine Care decreased low Single digits as high
on a 2% decline in organic volume. Global market share of the Baby, . . . . . . . . .
. . . . Single-digit decline in developing regions due to competition and
Feminine & Family Care segment decreased 1.1 pomts. Volume . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . increased pr1c1ng was partially offset by a m1d-s1ngle-d1git
increased low Single digits in developed regions and decreased double . . . . . . .
d. .t . d 1 . . increase in developed regions from product innovation, including
lgl S m eve Opmg reglons' the entry into the female adult incontinence category. Global
0 Volume in Baby Care was down mid-single digits due to a high market share ofthe feminine care category was ﬂat.
sIHgIe-dlglt .deerease In developing reglons caused by prlee - Volume in Family Care was unchanged as low single-digit growth
Increases. 1? the PreVlOuﬁ ﬁscal. . Year, th? Venezueta in developed regions was offset by a double-digit decline in
deCOHSOlldaUOn and Competlthé aQtIVItY- . Organ“? V01ume In developing regions due to discontinuation of lower priced
developlng markets was down mld-smgle dlglts- Volume was up product offerings. In the US, all-outlet share of the family care
low single digits in developed regions as product innovation and category decreased less than a point
market growth more than offset competitive activity. Global market
share of the baby care