The Procter & Gamble Company 41
Fair values OfFinamial InStruments includes the global salon professional hair care and color, retail hair
Certain financial instruments are required to be recorded at fair value. color, cosmetics and fine fragrance businesses, along with select hair
Changes in assumptions or estimation methods could affect the fair styling brands and is expected to close in October 2016. In February
value estimates; however, we do not believe any such changes would 2016, the Company completed the divestiture of its Batteries business
have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations to Berkshire Hathaway. The Company completed the divestiture of its
or cash ﬂows. Other financial instruments, including cash equivalents, Pet Care business in the previous fiscal year. Each of these businesses
certain investments and short—term debt, are recorded at cost, which are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented (see
approximates fair value. The fair values of long-term debt and financial Note 13).
msnuments ale dISCIOSed m Now 9' . . Under US. GAAP, our remaining Global Business Units (GBUs) are
New Accountmg Pronouncements and POIICICS aggregated into five reportable segments: 1) Beauty, 2) Grooming, 3)
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts Health Care, 4) Fabric & Home Care and 5) Baby, Feminine & Family
with Customers (Topic 606)”. This guidance outlines a single, Care. Our five reportable segments are comprised of:
comprehensive model for accounting for revenue from contracts with , Beauty: Hair Care (Conditioner) Shampoo, Styling Aids)
customers. We Wlll adopt the standard no later than July 1, 2018. While Treatments); Skin and Personal Care (Antiperspirant and
we are currently assessrng the impact of the new standard, we do not Deodorant Personal Cleansing Skin Care).
expeCtl,;hlsd1I:1ew guidance to have a matenal Impact on our 0 Grooming: Shave Care (Female Blades & Razors, Male Blades &
Congo 1 ate manela Statements' Razors, Pre- and Post—Shave Products, Other Shave Care);
On July 1, 2015, the Company adopted ASU 2014-08, "Presentation of Appliances;
FinaQCial StatementSlToplc 205? and Property; Plant, and Eqmpment - Health Care: Oral Care (Toothbrushes, Toothpaste, Other Oral
@0131?» 360)3 Reportmg Dlscontlnuefl Operat10n§ and plSCIOSureS Of Care); Personal Health Care (Gastrointestinal, Rapid Diagnostics,
Dlsposals 0f Components Of an EntltY"- The gmdance mCIUded new ReSpiratory, Vitamins/Minerals/Supplements, Other Personal
reporting and disclosure requirements for discontinued operations. For Health Care);
additional details on discontinued operations, see Note 13. . Fabric & Home Care: Fabric Care (Fabric Enhancers, Laundry
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, “Leases (Topic Additives, Laundry Detergents); Home Care (Air Care, Dish Care,
842)”. The standard requires lessees to recognize lease assets and P&G Professional, Surface Care); and
lease liabilities on the balance sheet and requires expanded disclosures - Baby, Feminine & Family Care: Baby Care (Baby Wipes, Diapers
about leasing arrangements. We will adopt the standard no later than and Pants); Feminine Care (Adult Incontinence, Feminine Care);
July 1, 2019. We are currently assessing the impact that the new Family Care (Paper Towels, Tissues, Toilet Paper).
standard Will have on our Consolidated F1nanc1al Statements. For The accounting policies of the segments are generally the same as
addlnenal detans on our Operanng leaSeS= See Nete 12' those described in Note 1. Differences between these policies and US.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, “Stock Compensation GAAP primarily reﬂect income taxes, which are reﬂected in the
(Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment segments using applicable blended statutory rates. Adjustments to
Accounting”. The standard amends several aspects of the accounting arrive at our effective tax rate are included in Corporate.
for employee share-based payment transactions including the . . . . . . .
. . . . . Corporate includes certain operating and non-operating act1v1t1es that
accounting for income taxes, forfeitures and statutory tax Withholding . . .
. . . . . are not reﬂected in the operating results used internally to measure
requirements, as well as claSSification 1n the statement of cash ﬂows. . . .
. . and evaluate the busmesses, as well as items to adjust management
We Wlll adopt the standard no later than July 1, 2017. While we are . . . . . . . .
. . reporting pr1nc1ples to US. GAAP. Operating act1v1t1es in Corporate
currently assessmg the impact of the new standard, we do not expect . . . .
. . . . include the results of 1nc1dental busmesses managed at the corporate
the new guidance to have a material impact on our Consolidated . . . .
. . level. Operating elements also include certain employee benefit costs,
F1nanc1al Statements. . . . . . . .
. . . . the costs of certain restructuring-type act1v1t1es to maintain a
NO ether new aeeeunnng pronouncement Issued 0? efneenve dunng competitive cost structure, including manufacturing and workforce
the fiscal yearhad or is expected to have a material 1mpact On 0111' optimization and other general Corporate items. The non-operating
Censondated Flnanelal Statemente elements in Corporate primarily include interest expense, certain
NOTE 2 acquisition and divestiture gains and interest and investing income.
SEGMENT INFORMATION Total assets for the reportable segments include those assets managed
. . , . . by the reportable segment, primarily inventory, fixed assets and
On nny 9» 20153 the Company announeen the élgmng Of a nennlnve intangible assets. Other assets, primarily cash, accounts receivable,
agreement to divest four product categories, initially comprised of 43 investment securities and goodwill, are included in Corporate.
of its beauty brands (“Beauty Brands”), which will be merged with
Coty Inc. ("Coty"). The transaction
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.