its respective officer or designee to negotiate in good faith to agree to the final written determination as to the then-remaining
disputed items within two Business Days of Parent’s receipt of the Acquiror Objection (and, in any event, no later than the 4th
Business Day prior to the Closing Date).
ii. Clause (iii) of Section 2.15(d) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
“the date on which the Chief Executive Officer of Parent and Chairman of the Board of Acquiror make a final written determination
with reSpect to any dispute relating to such Cut-Off Date Adjustment Statement pursuant to Section 215(9)”
c. Section 5.27 is hereby amended so as to replace both instances of “prior to the Closing” with “no later than 12 Business Days
prior to the Business Transfer Time.”
d. Section 1002(1) is hereby amended so as to replace “10th Business Day prior to the Closing Date” with “12th Business Day prior
to the Business Transfer Time.”
e. The last sentence in Item 3 of Section 1.05(a)(xiii) of the Parent Disclosure Letter is hereby deleted in its entity and replaced with:
Any amount of the Galleria Business DC Plan Assets which is not transferred to the Galleria Group’s applicable plan pursuant to
the preceding sentence and is not reﬂected in the Cut-Off Date Adjustment Statement will either be deducted from the
Recapitalization Amount or transferred by Parent to the Acquiror Group in cash as of 12 Business Days prior to the Closing Date,
as determined by Parent in its sole discretion.
f. Clause (ii)(B) in Item 4 of Section 1.05(a)(xiii) of the Parent Disclosure Letter is hereby deleted in its entity and replaced with:
(B) an amount equal to the Final DB Actuarial Liabilities in respect of ach Galleria Business DB Plan not described in clause (A),
without interest or other earnings and losses, will be deducted from the Recapitalization Amount or transferred by Parent to the
Acquiror Group in cash as of 12 Business Days prior to the Closing Date, as determined by Parent in its sole discretion.
Section 1.14 Credit Facility and Cash Distribution.
a. Section 1.13(b) is hereby amended so as to replace “within seven days” with “within eight Business Days”.
b. Section 1.13@ is hereby amended so as to replace “within seven days” with “within eight Business Days”.
Section 1.15 UPC / EAN Codes.
a. Section 1.05(a) of the Agreement is hereby amended to add the following as a new sub-clause (XX):
(xx) the UPC, EAN and similar codes set forth on Section 1.05(a)(g) of the Parent Disclosure Letter (the “Acquired Codes”).
b. The Parent Disclosure Letter is hereby amended to add a new Section 1.05(a)(g), as set forth on Attachment C hereto.
c. The Agreement is hereby amended to add a new Section 521(k) as follows:
Parent will be permitted to use (and for any Retained Business, transfer such permission to use) the Acquired Codes set forth on
Section 5 21(3) of the Parent Disclosure Letter (the “Shared Codes”) until the second anniversary of the Closing.
d. The definition of “Excluded IP Assets” in Article XI of the Agreement is hereby amended to add other than the Acquired
Codes,” at the end of clause (a).
5