more than ten years after the earlier of (a) adoption of this Plan by the Board and (b) the Effective Date. No ISO may be sold, transferred, pledged,
assigned or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution; provided, however, that at the
discretion of the Committee, an ISO may be transferred to a grantor trust under which the Participant making the transfer is the sole beneficiary.
Article 8. Stock Appreciation Rights
8.1 Grant of SARs. SARs may be granted to Participants in such number, and upon such terms, and at any time and from time to time as
shall be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. Each grant of SARs shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement.
8.2 Grant Price. The Grant Price for each grant of an SAR shall be determined by the Committee and shall be specified in the Award
Agreement evidencing the SAR; provided, however, the Grant Price must be at least equal to 100% of the FMV of a Share as of the Grant Date,
subject to adjustment as provided for under Section 4.5.
8.3 Term of SAR. The term of an SAR granted to a Participant shall be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion; provided,
however, no SAR shall be exercisable later than the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date.
8.4 Exercise of SAR. An SAR shall be exercisable at such times and be subject to such restrictions and conditions as the Committee
shall in each instance approve, which terms and restrictions need not be the same for each grant or for each Participant, except that no SAR shall be
exercisable within one (1) year from its Grant Date, except in the case of the death of the Participant.
8.5 Notice of Exercise. An SAR shall be exercised by the delivery of a notice of exercise to the Company or an agent designated by the
Company in a form specified or accepted by the Committee, or by complying with any alternative procedures that may be authorized by the
Committee, setting forth the number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is to be exercised.
8.6 Settlement of SARs. Upon the exercise of an SAR, pursuant to a notice of exercise properly completed and submitted to the
Company in accordance with Section 8.5, a Participant shall be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount equal to the product of
(a) and (b) below:
(a) The excess of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the Grant Price.
(b) The number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised.
Payment shall be made in cash, Shares or a combination thereof as provided for under the applicable Award Agreement. In the case of the
redemption of SARs by a Subsidiary of the Company not located in the United States, the redemption differential shall be calculated in United
States dollars and converted to the appropriate local currency on the exercise date.
Article 9. Restricted Stock
9.1 Grant of Restricted Stock. Restricted Stock may be granted to Participants in such number, and upon such terms, and at any time
and from time to time as shall be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. Each grant of Restricted Stock shall be evidenced by an Award
Agreement.
9.2 Nature of Restrictions. Each grant of Restricted Stock shall subject to a Period of Restriction that shall lapse upon the satisfaction of
such conditions and restrictions as are determined by the Committee in its sole discretion and set forth in an applicable Award Agreement. Such
conditions or restrictions may include, without limitation, one or more of the following:
(a) Restrictions based upon the achievement of specific performance goals; and/or
(b) Time-based restrictions.
9.3 Voting and Dividend Rights. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee and set forth in a Participant’s applicable Award
Agreement, to the extent permitted or required by law, as determined by the Committee, a Participant holding Shares of Restricted Stock granted
hereunder shall be granted the right to exercise full voting rights with respect to those Shares and the right to receive dividends declared on those
Shares during the Period of Restriction provided, however, that in the case of an Award as to which vesting depends upon the satisfaction of one
or more performance conditions, such dividends shall be subject to the same performance conditions as the underlying Award.