21.15 No Constraint on Corporate Action. Nothing in this Plan shall be construed to: (i) limit, impair, or otherwise affect the Company’s
or a Subsidiary’s right or power to make adjustments, reclassifications, reorganizations or changes of its capital or business structure, or to merge or
consolidate, or dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets; or, (ii) limit the right or power of the Company or a
Subsidiary to take any action that such entity deems to be necessary or apprOpriate.
21.16 Governing Law. The Plan and each Award Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of Ohio excluding any conﬂicts or
choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Plan to the substantive law of another jurisdiction.
21.17 Delivery and Execution of Electronic Documents. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Company may (i) deliver by email
or other electronic means (including posting on a website maintained by the Company or by a third party under contract with the Company) all
documents relating to the Plan or any Award thereunder (including without limitation, prospectuses required by the Commission) and all other
documents that the Company is required to deliver to its security holders (including without limitation, annual reports and proxy statements) and (ii)
permit Participant’s to electronically execute applicable Plan documents (including, but not limited to, Award Agreements) in a manner prescribed to
the Committee.
21.18 No Representations or Warranties Regarding Tax Effect. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary or any
action taken by the Company, Subsidiaries, or the Board with respect to any income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, or other tax, the acceptance of
an Award under the Plan represents the Participant’s acknowledgement that the ultimate liability for any such tax owed by the Participant is and
remains the Participant’s responsibility, and that the Company makes no representations or warranties about the tax treatment of any Award, and
does not commit to structure any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate a Participant’s tax liability, including without limitation, Code Sections
409A and 457A.
21.19 Successors. All obligations of the Company under this Plan with respect to Awards granted hereunder shall be binding on any
successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or
otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company.
(Back To Top)
Sectlon 9: TEX-10.27 (EXHIBIT 10.27 SUMMARY OF THE C OMPANY'S
EXHIBIT (10-27)
Summary of The Procter & Gamble
Retirement Plan Restoration Program