The Procter & Gamble Company 23
Net earnings were unchanged at $2.9 billion as the reduction in net and other work processes to fund the Company's growth Strategy
sales was offset by a 50 basis-point increase in net earnings margin.
Net earnings margin increased due to higher gross margin, partially AS part Of this plan: the Company expeCtS to incur apprOXimately $55
offset by an increase in SG&A as a percent of net sales. The increase billion in before'tax reStrueturthg COStS (We? a Six-year Peried (from
in gross margin was driven by higher pricing and manufacturing cost fiscal 2012 through fiscal 2017). Through the end of fiscal 2016, 89% of
savings, partially Offset by foreign exchange_ SG&A as a percent of the expected costs have been incurred. Savings generated from the
net sales increased as Spending reductions did not keep pace with the restructuring costs are difficult to estimate, given the nature of the
currency_driven decline in sales. activities, the timing of the execution and the degree of reinvestment.
Overall, these costs and other non-manufacturing enrollment
CORPORATE reductions are expected to deliver approximately $3.0 billion in annual
before-tax gross savings. The cumulative before-tax savings realized
Change Change . . .
(S millions); 2016 vs. 2015 2015 vs. 2014 through 2016 were approxrmately $2.4 b1llron.
[Net sales $422 (9)% $466 (37)% l Restructuring accruals of $315 million as of June 30, 2016 are classified
Net loss $(174) N/A $(2,420) N/A as current liabilities. During fiscal 2016, 51% of the restructuring
Corporate includes certain operating and non-operating activities not Charges Incurred whet have beg} or W111 be settled Wlth caSh'
allocated to specific business segments. These include: the incidental Cohshtent Wlth our hIStOrlcal 130110165 for Ongomg re§tru6turlng'type
businesses managed at the corporate level; financing and investing actlvmes» the resuumg Charges are funded by and “101wa Wlthm
activities; other general corporate items; the gains and losses related Corporate for Segment repomng'
to certain dtVeSted brands and categories; certain TeStl’uetUTthg'type In addition to our restructuring programs, we have additional ongoing
aettVitteS to maintain a CompetittVe COSt Strueturea ihel‘Udthg savings efforts in our supply chain, marketing and overhead areas that
manufacturing and workforce optimization; certain significant asset yield additional beneﬁts to our Operating margins.
impairment and deconsolidation charges; and certain balance sheet , , ,
impacts from significant foreign exchange devaluations. Corporate also Refer to Now 3 to our cOnSOhdated Fmanmal Statements. for more
includes reconciling items to adjust the accounting policies used in the detatls on the reStruCturmg pr9gram and to the Operatmg C9Sts
segments to us. GAAR The most Signiﬁcant reconciling item section of the MD&A for more 1nformation about the total benefit to
includes income taxes to adjust from blended statutory rates that are Operatmg margms from our tOtal Savmgs efforts
reﬂected in the segments to the overall Company effective tax rate. CASH FLOW, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY
Fiscal year 2016 compared withﬁscalyear 2015 We believe our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as
Corporate net sales decreased $44 million during the fiscal year. eVidenced by our ability,” generate SUbStamigl. caSh from Operations
Corporate net earnings from continuing operations improved by and to readlly access Capltal markets at competltlve rates'
aPPTOXtmately $22 billion during the ﬁscal year: Primarily due to the Operating cash ﬂow provides the primary source of cash to fund
$2.1 billion Venezuela deconsolidation charge in the prior fiscal year Operating needs and capital expenditures. Excess Operating cash is
and lower foreign currency transaetiehal Charges» Additional used first to fund shareholder dividends. Other discretionary uses
diSCUSSieh Of these items impaetthg net earnings in corporate are include share repurchases and acquisitions to complement our
ihehlded in the ReSUItS OfOPerattehS Seetieh- portfolio of businesses, brands and geographies. As necessary, we
Fiscalyear 2015 comparedwithﬁscalyear 2014 may supplement operating cash flow with debt to fund these activities.
The overall cash pos1tlon of the Company reﬂects our strong busmess
Net sales in corporate decreased by $271 million in 2015 Primarily due results and a global cash management strategy that takes into account
to the Prior Year dtVeStiture 0f the MDVIP bUStheSS~ corporate het liquidity management, economic factors and tax considerations.
expenses from continuing operations increased $2.0 billion in 2015, _
primarily due to the charge related to the deconsolidation of the Operatmg C3511 Flow
Venezuelan subsidiaries, increased foreign exchange transactional Fiscalyear 2016 comparedwithﬁscalyear 2015
Charges and. incremgltal reSthturinfg Charges’ WhiCh were partially Operating cash flow was $15.4 billion in 2016, a 6% increase from the
offset by gains on minor brand divestitures. . . . . . .
prior year. Net earnings, adjusted for non-cash 1tems (deprec1atlon and
Productivity and Cost Savings Plan amortization, share-based compensation, deferred income taxes, loss/
In 2012, the Company initiated a productivity and cost savings plan to ﬁgaln) on sale of buSinesseS and impairment Charges) generated $136
. . 11110n of operating cash
reduce costs and better leverage scale 1n the areas of supply chain,
research and development, marketing and overheads. The plan was
designed to accelerate cost reductions by streamlining management
decision making, manufacturing