The Procter & Gamble Company 55
Interest rate swaps that meet specific accounting criteria are accounted Commodity Risk Management
for as fair value or cash ﬂow hedges. For fair value hedges, the . . . .
Changes in the fair value of both the hedging instruments and the Certain raw materials used in our products or production processes are
. . . . . . . ' t t ' lat'l' ca d ath l c d't'
underlying debt obligations are immediately recognized in Interest SUbdéc O prlce V0 . 1 lty. use by we er’ S.uPp y on 1 lons’
. . . political and economic variables and other unpredictable factors. To
eXpense' For caSh ﬂow hedges’ the effecuve portlon Ofthe Changes In mana e the volatili related to antici ated urchases of certain of
fair value of the hedging instrument is reported in OCI and reclassified g . ty . . p . p. .
. . . . . these materials, we have historically, on a limited baSis, used futures
into Interest expense over the life of the underlying debt obligation. and O tions with maturities enerau less than one ear and swa
The ineffective portion for both cash ﬂow and fair value hedges, which commits with maturities u ti ﬁve Ears AS of and dirin the earl:
was not material for any year presented, was immediately recognized in p y . ' g y .
Interest expense ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not have any commodity
' hedging activity.
Foreign Currency Risk Management
Insurance
We manufacture and sell our products and finance our operations in a . . .
. We self-insure for most insurable r1sks. However, we purchase
number of countries throughout the world. As a result, we are exposed . . . . . . .
to movements in foreign currency exchange rates insurance for Directors and Officers Liability and certain other
' coverage where it is required by law or by contract.
To manage the exchange rate risk primarily assoc1ated with the Fair Value Hierarchy
finanCing of our operations, we have historically used a combination
of forward contracts, options and currency swaps. As of June 30, 2016, Accounting guidance on fair value measurements for certain financial
we had currency swaps with original maturities up to five years, which assets and liabilities requires that financial assets and liabilities carried
are intended to offset the effect of exchange rate ﬂuctuations on at fair value be classified and disclosed in one of the following
intercompany loans denominated in foreign currencies. These swaps categories:
are aCCOPntedfor as CaSh ﬂow hedges' The .effecuve portlon Of the 0 Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets
changes in fair value of these instruments is reported in OCI and or liabilities
reclass1f1edinto SC&A and Interest expense in.the same period or . Level2: Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs
periods during which the related hedged transactions affect earnings. that are corroborated by market data
The ineffeg 1:6; pomonawﬂlfh gN gift matenal for any year presented’ 0 Level 3: Unobservable inputs reﬂecting the reporting entity's own
was imme la e y recognlze 1n - assumptions or external inputs from inactive markets.
The change in fair values of certain non-qualifying instrumepts used When applying fair value principles in the valuation of assets and
to manage forelgn eXChange exposure 0f Intercompany flnancmg liabilities, we are required to maximize the use of quoted market prices
transactions and certain balance sheet items subject to revaluation are and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The Company has not
Immedlately recogmzed 111 camlngsa SUbStantlaHY Offsettlng the forelgn changed its valuation techniques used in measuring the fair value of
currency mark-to'mal'ket1mPaCt0fthe related CXPOSUTCS any financial assets or liabilities during the year. Our fair value
Net Investment Hedging estimates take into consideration the credit risk of both the Company
and our counterparties.
We hedge certain net investment positions in foreign subsidiaries. To . . . .
accomplish this, we either borrow directly in foreign currencies and .aCtIVe market quoltes are nOt avallable for. flnanmal assets and
designate all or a portion of the foreign currency debt as a hedge of habllltles> We use Indus“? Standard Valuatlon mOdelS Where
the applicable net investment position or we enter into foreign applicable, these models pI‘OjeCt future. cash ﬂows and discount the
currency swaps that are designated as hedges of net investments. .fuwre .amoums to 3. presem Value usmg market'based Observable
Changes in the fair value of these instruments are recognized in OCI to Inputs mCIUdmg credlt “$.19 IntereSt rate CPrVeS> forelgn Currency rates
offset the change in the value of the net investment being hedged. The and forward and Sp0t P110633 for Currenmes' In glrcumStanceS Where
ineffective portion of these hedges, which was not material in any year market'basw Observable mpms are mt aVallaWQ management
presented, was immediately recognized in Interest expense_ Judgment is used to develop assumptions to estimate fair value.
Generally, the fair value of our Level 3 instruments is estimated as the
net present value of expected future cash ﬂows based on external
inputs.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.