SECTION 4. Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held as determined by the Board of Directors. Special meetings
of the Board of Directors may be called at any time by the Chairman of the Board, the Lead Director (as elected by the Board), the Chief Executive
Officer (if a member of the Board) or by a majority of the Board.
SECTION 5. Notice of Meetings. The Board shall decide what notice, if any, shall be given and the length of time prior to the meeting that
such notice shall be given of all meetings. Any meeting at which all of the Directors are present shall be a valid meeting whether notice thereof was
given or not, and any business may be transacted at such a meeting.
SECTION 6. Quorum. A majority of the Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and if at any meeting
of the Board there be less than a quorum present, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting from time to time.
SECTION 7. Compensation of Directors. The Board of Directors is authorized to fix, from time to time, their own compensation for
attendance at the meetings of the Board, which may include expenses of attendance when meetings are not held at the place of residence of any
attending Director.
ARTICLE III
OFFICERS
SECTION 1. Number. The officers of the Company shall be a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Secretary, one
or more Assistant Secretaries, if needed, a Treasurer, and one or more Assistant Treasurers, if needed. Any two or more of the offices may be held
by the same person, but no officer shall execute, acknowledge or verify any instrument in more than one capacity if such instrument is required to
be executed, acknowledged or verified by two or more officers.
SECTION 2. Other Ofﬁcers. The Board of Directors is authorized in its discretion to provide for such other officers and agents as it shall
deem necessary from time to time and may dispense with any offices and agencies at any time except those required by law.
SECTION 3. Election, Term and Removal. The officers shall be elected by the Board of Directors. Each officer shall be elected for an
indeterminate term and shall hold office during the pleasure of the Board. The Board may hold annual elections of officers; in that event, each such
officer shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified, unless he or she is removed earlier by the Board, which may remove or
suspend any officer at any time, without notice, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board. The Board, or a designated committee of
the Board, shall fix the compensation, if any, of each officer.
SECTION 4. Vacancies and Absence. If any office shall become vacant by reason of the death, resignation, disqualification or removal of
the incumbent thereof, or other cause the Board of Directors may elect a successor to hold office for the unexpired term in respect to which such
vacancy occurred or was created. In case of the absence of any officer of the Company or for any reason that the Board of Directors may determine
as sufficient, the said Board may delegate the powers and duties of such officer to any other officer, or to any Director, except where otherwise
provided by these Regulations or by statute, for the time being.
ARTICLE IV
INDEMNIFICATION
SECTION 1. Indemnity. The Company shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any person who was or is a party or is
threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed claim, action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or
investigative, by reason of the fact that he or she (a) is or was a Director, officer or employee of the Company, or its subsidiaries, or, (b) is or was
serving at the request of the Company or its subsidiaries as a director, trustee, officer, partner, managing member or position of similar capacity of a
Company subsidiary or another corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan, or other enterprise
(whether domestic or foreign, nonprofit or for profit) or (c) is or was providing to third party organizations volunteer services that were duly
authorized in accordance with the Company’s process for approval of such activities, against all liabilities and expenses actually and reasonably
incurred by or imposed on him or her in connection with, or arising out of, any such claim, action, suit or proceeding.
SECTION 2. Liabilities and Expenses. As used in this Article IV, the terms “liabilit(y)(ies)” and “expense(s)” include but are not limited to
liabilities, expenses, attorneys’ fees and disbursements, costs, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement.
9