ARTICLE II
MISCELLANEOUS
Section 2.1 Effect of Amendment. Except as and to the extent expressly modified by this Amendment, the Agreement, as so amended by this
Amendment, will remain in full force and effect in all respects. Each reference to “hereof,” “herein,” “hereby,” and “this Agreement” in the
Agreement will from and after the effective date hereof refer to the Agreement as amended by this Amendment. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Amendment, the date of the Agreement, as amended hereby, will in all instances remain as July 8, 2015, and any references in the
Agreement to “the date first above written,” “the date of this Agreement,” “the date hereof” and similar references will continue to refer to July 8,
2015, including, without limitation, for purposes of Article II of the Agreement.
Section 2.2 Entire Agreement. This Amendment, together with the Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements, including any related annexes,
schedules and exhibits, as well as any other agreements and documents referred to herein and therein, will together constitute the entire agreement
between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and will supersede all prior negotiations, agreements and understandings
of the Parties of any nature, whether oral or written, with respect to such subject matter.
Section 2.3 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. Sections 10.04 (a), (b) and (g) (Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial), in
each case, of the Agreement are incorporated into this Amendment by reference as if fully set forth herein, mutatis mutandis.
Section 2.4 Notices. All notices, requests, permissions, waivers and other communications hereunder will be in writing and sent pursuant to the
requirements of Section 10.05 of the Agreement.
Section 2.5 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Amendment is solely for the benefit of the Parties and does not confer on third parties (including
any employees of any member of the Parent Group or the Acquiror Group) any remedy, claim, reimbursement, claim of action or other right in
addition to those existing without reference to this Amendment.
Section 2.6 Construction. The descriptive headings herein are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a substantive
part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment.
Section 2.7 Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in multiple counterparts (any one of which need not contain the signatures of more
than one Party), each of which will be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same agreement. This
Amendment, to the extent signed and delivered by means of a facsimile machine or other electronic transmission, will be treated in all manner and
reSpects as an original agreement and will be considered to have the same binding legal effects as if it were the original signed version thereof
delivered in person. At the request of any Party, the other Party will re-execute original forms thereof and deliver them to the requesting Party.
[Signature page follows]
8