Article 10. Restricted Stock Units
10.1 Grant of Restricted Stock Units. Restricted Stock Units may be granted to Participants in such number, and upon such terms, and
at any time and from time to time as shall be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. A grant of a Restricted Stock Unit or Restricted
Stock Units shall not represent the grant of Shares but shall represent a promise to deliver a corresponding number of Shares or the value of each
Share based upon the completion of service, performance conditions, or such other terms and conditions as specified in the applicable Award
Agreement over the Period of Restriction. Each grant of Restricted Stock Units shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement.
10.2 Nature of Restrictions. Each grant of Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to a Period of Restriction that shall lapse upon the
satisfaction of such conditions and restrictions as are determined by the Committee in its sole discretion and set forth in an applicable Award
Agreement. Such conditions or restrictions may include, without limitation, one or more of the following:
(a) Restrictions based upon the achievement of specific performance goals; and/or
(b) Time-based restrictions.
10.3 Voting and Dividend Rights. A Participant shall have no voting or dividend rights with respect to any Restricted Stock Units
granted hereunder or the Shares corresponding to any Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder prior to such Shares being delivered to the
Participant. A Participant may have a right to Dividend Equivalents based upon the terms of the Award pursuant to Article 13.
10.4 Settlement and Payment of Restricted Stock Units. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, Restricted Stock Units shall be
paid in the form of Shares upon the date specified in the Award Agreement.
Article 11. Performance Stock Units
11.1 Grant of Performance Stock Units. Performance Stock Units may be granted to Participants in such number, and upon such terms
and at any time and from time to time as shall be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. A grant of Performance Stock Units shall not
represent the grant of Shares but shall represent a promise to deliver Shares or cash based on the satisfaction of performance and, if applicable,
service conditions. Each grant of Performance Stock Units shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement.
11.2 Earning of Performance Stock Units. After the applicable Performance Period has ended, the number of Performance Stock Units
earned by the Participant over the Performance Period shall be determined as a function of the extent to which the applicable corresponding
performance goals have been achieved. This determination shall be made solely by the Committee.
11.3 Voting and Dividend Rights. A Participant shall have no voting or dividend rights with respect to any Performance Stock Units
granted hereunder or the Shares corresponding to any Performance Stock Units granted hereunder prior to such Shares being delivered to the
Participant. A Participant may have a right to Dividend Equivalents based upon the terms of the Award pursuant to Article 13.
11.4 Settlement and Payment of Performance Stock Units. The Committee shall pay at or as soon as applicable following the close of
the applicable Performance Period or at such other time as specified in the Award Agreement, any earned Performance Stock Units in the form of
Shares, unless otherwise determined by the Committee. Any Shares paid to a Participant under this Section 11.4 may be subject to any restrictions
deemed apprOpriate by the Committee.
Article 12. Other Stock-Based Awards and Cash-Based Awards
12.1 Grant of Other Stock-Based Awards and Cash-Based Awards.
(a) The Committee may grant Other Stock-Based Awards not otherwise described by the terms of this Plan to a Participant in
such amounts and subject to such terms and conditions, as the Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion. Such Awards
may involve the transfer of actual Shares to Participants, or payment in cash or otherwise of amounts based on the value of
Shares.