“Transition Period” means (a) with respect to 50% of the product volume of the Galleria Business, the six—month period following
the Closing Date, and (b) with reSpect to the remaining 50% of the product volume of the Galleria Business, the 12-month period
following the Closing Date.
Section 1.3 Diamond Technology.
a. Section 5.29 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with:
[RESERVED]
b. The definitions “Diamond Technology” and “Substitute Diamond Technology” in the Agreement are hereby deleted in their
entirety.
c. Item 4 under the “Caldera” heading on Schedule 1.05(b),(i) to the Agreement is hereby amended so as to reﬂect the below deletion:
Substitute Diamond Technology
Section 1.4 Amendment to Parent Shared Technology License Agreement (Exhibit N—l). Exhibit N—l to the Agreement is hereby amended by
deleting Exhibit N—l in its entirety and replacing it with Exhibit N—l to this Amendment.
Section 1.5 Non-Compete. Section 5 .30(b) of the Agreement is hereby amended to add the following as a new clause (V):
(V) the sourcing and application of any cosmetic products marketed under the SK-II brand to be applied to consumers only at
SK—II counters during a consultation process.
Section 1.6 Liiquid Whistle.
a. The Disclosure Schedules to the Agreement are hereby amended by deleting the following in its entirety from Schedule 1.05@f(ﬁ)
to the Agreement:
“Liquid Whistle Technology: the Liquid Whistle Patents listed on Attachment 4-C to this Schedule 1.05@f®, together with
all Trade Secrets and Copyrights owned by a member of the Parent Group and necessary to manufacture a product covered
by a claim of the Liquid Whistle Patents, including the Technology and tangible assets associated with the tangible assets
removed from at Caldera Facilities or modifications made to tangible assets at Caldera Facilities.”
b. The Disclosure Schedules to the Agreement are hereby amended by adding the following to Schedule l.05(b),(i), to the Agreement
under the “Caldera,” “IP Related Assets” headings.
8. Liquid Whistle Technology: the Liquid Whistle Patents listed on Attachment 4-C to this Schedule l.05(b)ﬂ), together with
all Trade Secrets and Copyrights owned by a member of the Parent Group and necessary to manufacture a product covered
by a claim of the Liquid Whistle Patents.
c. Attachment 4-C to Schedule 1.05@f® to the Agreement is hereby renamed Attachment 4-C to Schedule l.05(b),(i),
d. The Parent Disclosure Letter to the Agreement is hereby amended by removing the following in its entirety from Section 5.01(a) of
the Parent Disclosure Letter:
“Equipment relating to Liquid Whistle color manufacturing technology will be excluded and removed from the Rothenkirchen,
Germany, Mariscala, Mexico facilities and any other Caldera Facility.”
2