The Procter & Gamble Company 11
Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Management's Discussion and Analysis cash ﬂow productivity. Organic sales growth is net sales growth
Forwardiooking Statements excluding the impacts of the Venezuela deconsolidation, acquisitions,
d1vest1tures and forergn exchange from year-over-year comparrsons.
Certain statements in this report, other than purely historical Core EPS is diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations
information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to excluding certain items that are not judged to be part of the Company's
our business plans, objectives and expected operating results and the sustainable results or trends. Adjusted free cash ﬂow is operating
assumptions upon which those statements are based, are “forward- cash ﬂow less capital spending and certain divestiture impacts.
looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Adjusted free cash ﬂow productivity is the ratio of adjusted free cash
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of ﬂow to net earnings excluding certain one-time items. We believe these
1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward- measures provide our investors with additional information about our
looking statements may appear throughout this report, including, underlying results and trends, as well as insight to some of the metrics
without limitation, in the following sections: “Management's used to evaluate management. The explanation at the end of the
Discussion and Analysis” and “Risk Factors.” These forward-looking MD&A provides more details on the use and the derivation of these
statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” measures.
“ZEEZZEUHiérgligifl 0111:1336 {gill ,, “WT???” Management also uses certain market share and market consumption
“will continue,” “will likely result” and asimilar’expressioirs. Forward- “mimics '0 evaluate perf9rm.a.n°e relatlve '0 Compelltlon desplte some
looking statements are based on current expectations and hmltatlorf or} fthe :Yallatlghtly and Eomparljbihti Of 8:11am EEK:
assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may consump {on .m (Emit/[132A 6 crime: 0 mar eb.s 2"? anf ma; 6
cause results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the consumptlon m t e. are ase . on a com lnatlon O Yen or—
forward-looking statements. A detailed discussion of risks and r6130“? Gilliumptlf? ahnd magket Slze data” is tlyeu as internal;
uncertainties that could cause results and events to differ materially esllmal 6: 11 mar e S are re erences represljn . efpercen age 0
from such forward-looking statements is included in the section titled sa es. 1n 0 at terms on a.con8tant currency 21315 0 our pro uCtS’
"Economic Conditions and Uncertainties" and the section titled “Risk relatlve to all prOdUCt sales In the category
Factors” (Item 1A of this Form 10-K). Forward-looking statements are OVERVIEW
made as Of the. date Of.thls report’ and we undertake no Obhgatlon to P&G is a global leader in fast-moving consumer goods, focused on
update or rev1se publlcly any forward-lookmg statements, whether . . . .
because of new information future events or otherwise. prowdmg branded consumer paCkaged gOOdS Of superlor quahty arid
’ value to our consumers around the world. Our products are sold in
The purpose of Management's Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) is more than 180 countries and territories primarily through mass
to provide an understanding of Procter & Gamble's financial condition, merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores,
results of operations and cash ﬂows by focusing on changes in certain department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores,
key measures from year to year. The MD&A is provided as a e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. We have on-the-
supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our ground operations in approximately 70 countries.
Edggfxciljtsliaigjgiaih:Eiﬁgnvsg: Sggoﬁgfompanymg nOteS' The Our market environment is highly competitive with global, regional and
. local competitors. In many of the markets and 1ndustry segments in
' OVeereW which we sell our products, we compete against other branded
' Summary 0f2016 RCSUItS products as well as retailers' private-label brands. Additionally, many
- Economic Conditions and Uncertainties of the product segments in which we compete are differentiated by
- Results of Operations price tiers (referred to as super-premium, premium, mid-tier and value-
. Segment Results tier products). We are well positioned in the industry segments and
0 Cash Flow, Financial Condition and Liquidity markets in which we operate, often holding a leadership or significant
0 Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates market Share POSitiOH-
° Other Information
Throughout the MD&A, we refer to measures used by management to
evaluate performance, including unit volume growth, net sales and net
earnings. We also refer to a number of financial measures that are not
defined under accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (US. GAAP), including organic sales growth, core
earnings per share (Core EPS), adjusted free cash ﬂow and adjusted
free