2.39 “Restricted Stock” means an Award granted pursuant to Article 9.
2.40 “Restricted Stock Unit” or “RSU” means an Award granted pursuant to Article 10.
2.41 “Retirement” means retirement in accordance with the provisions of any applicable retirement plan of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee or its delegate.
2.42 “Share” means a share of common stock of the Company.
2.43 “Stock Appreciation Right” or “SAR” means an Award granted pursuant to Article 8.
2.44 “Subsidiary” means any corporation or other entity, whether domestic or foreign, in which the Company has or obtains, directly or
indirectly, an interest of more than 50% by reason of stock ownership or otherwise. In addition, the Board may designate for participation in the
Plan as a “Subsidiary” those additional companies affiliated with the Company in which the Company’s direct or indirect interest is less than 50%,
provided, however, that such designation shall not be permitted for the granting of Incentive Stock Options and such designation shall not include
a company with respect to which the Company is not an “eligible issuer of service recipient stock” within the meaning of the regulations under
Code Section 409A.
2.45 “Termination of Employment” means the termination of the Participant’s employment with the Company and the Subsidiaries,
regardless of the reason for the termination of employment. With respect to any Award that is subject to Code Section 409A, Termination of
Employment shall mean a Separation from Service as defined in Code Section 409A.
2.46 “Termination of Directorship” means the time when a Non-employee Director ceases to be a Non-employee Director for any
reason, including, but not by way of limitation, a termination by resignation, failure to be elected, death or retirement. With respect to any Award
that is subject to Code Section 409A, Termination of Directorship shall mean a Separation from Service as defined in Code Section 409A.
Article 3. Administration
3.1 General. The Committee shall be responsible for administering this Plan, subject to this Article 3 and the other provisions of this
Plan. The Committee may employ attorneys, consultants, accountants, agents and other individuals, any of whom may be an Employee, and the
Committee, the Company, and its officers and Directors shall be entitled to rely upon the advice, opinions or valuations of any such individuals.
The Committee may also establish regulations, provisions, and procedures within the terms of the Plan, as in its opinion, may be advisable for the
administration and operation of the Plan. All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Committee shall be final and
binding upon the Participants, the Company or Subsidiary, and all other interested individuals.
3.2 Authority of the Committee. Subject to any express limitations set forth in the Plan, the Committee shall have full and exclusive
discretionary power and authority to take such actions as it deems necessary and advisable with respect to the administration of the Plan including,
but not limited to, the following:
(a) To determine from time to time which of the persons eligible under the Plan shall be granted Awards, when and how each
Award shall be granted, what type or combination of types of Awards shall be granted, the provisions of each Award granted
(which need not be identical), including the time or times when a person shall be permitted to receive Shares pursuant to an
Award and the number of Shares subject to an Award;
(b) To construe and interpret the Plan and Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend, and revoke rules and regulations
for its administration. The Committee, in the exercise of this power, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan
or in an Award Agreement, in a manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan fully effective;
(c) To approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan;
(d) To determine Fair Market Value of a Share in accordance with Section 2.20 of the Plan;
(e) To amend the Plan or any Award Agreement as provided in the Plan;
(D To adopt sub-plans and/or special provisions applicable to Awards regulated by the laws of a jurisdiction other than the
United States. Such sub-plans and/or special provisions may take precedence over other provisions