establish a payout factor between 0% and 200% for each Performance Category ( a “Sales Factor”, “Profit Factor”, “EPS Factor” and “Cash Flow
Factor”, collectively, “Performance Factors”).
In all cases, the C&LD Committee retains the discretion to include or exclude certain of the Performance Categories for purposes of determining the
PSP Award. The C&LD Committee may reduce or eliminate any payment if it determines that such payout is inconsistent with long-term
shareholders’ interests or incongruous with the overall performance of the company.
PSP awards will have the following terms unless otherwise approved by the C&LD Committee.
IV. THE INITIAL PSU GRANT
The C&LD Committee has the sole discretion to establish the target award (“PSP Target”) for each Participant serving as a Principal Officer. The
CEO establishes the PSP Targets for participants who are not Principal Officers. The PSP Target will be a cash amount and will be the basis for the
Initial PSU Grant. The C&LD Committee will make the Initial PSU Grant on the last business date in February (“Grant Date”) following the beginning
of each Performance Period. If the New York Stock Exchange is closed on the day of the grant, then the C&LD will establish a grant date as soon as
practical subsequent to the date previously specified for such award. The Initial PSU Grant will set forth a target and maximum number of PSUs. The
Initial PSU Grant target will be determined by dividing the PSP Target by the closing price (“Grant Price”) of the Company’s Common Stock on the
New York Stock Exchange as of the close of business on the Grant Date, rounding to the nearest whole unit.
The Initial PSU Grant maximum will be two times the Initial PSU Grant target.
V. PSU VESTING AND PAYMENT
After the Performance Period is complete, the C&LD Committee will establish the Payout Factors for each of the Performance Categories based on
the Company’s results versus the pre-established Performance Goals. The number of PSUs that vest will be determined by multiplying the
Performance Factors by the associated weighting by the number of PSUs in the Initial PSU Grant target, including dividends that would have
accumulated since the initial PSU grant on the vested units, rounding up to the nearest whole number. The number of PSUs that vest may be equal
to, above or below the Initial PSU Grant target depending on the Company’s performance in the Performance Categories, but in no event more than
the Initial PSU Grant maximum. Vested PSUs are converted into shares of Common Stock delivered to the applicable Participant within 60 days
following the end of the Performance Period, or such later date as may be elected by the Participant if applicable and in accordance with Section
409A.
Participants at Band 7 and above may elect to defer delivery of the Common Stock by electing to receive Restricted Stock Units. PSP RSUs will have
the following terms unless otherwise approved by the Committee at grant:
VESTING AND SETTLEMENT: PSP RSUs will be vested on the grant date with a settlement date at least one year following the original
PSU delivery date (as elected by the Participant), are eligible for dividend equivalents, and can be further deferred in accordance with
Section 409A. These RSUS will be paid on their Original Settlement Date or the Agreed Settlement Date, except in the case of death. In the
case of death (except in France and the UK), payment will be made by the later of the end of the calendar year or two and a half months
following the date of death. For awards granted in France or the UK, the consequences of death are determined by the local plan
supplement, if applicable.
VI. SEPARATION FROM THE COMPANY (Defined terms shall have the meaning designated in the 2014 Plan or related award documents.)
If the Participant’s Termination of Employment occurs for any reason before the Vest Date, except for the reasons listed below, the Award will be
forfeited. Participants must remain in compliance with the terms and conditions set forth in the 2014 Plan, including those in Article 6.
- Termination on Account of Death (except in France and the UK). The Award will be fully vested and payment will be made by the later of
the end of the calendar year or two and a half months following the date of death.
- Termination on Account of Death for awards granted in France or the UK. The consequences of death are determined by the local plan
supplement, if applicable.
- Termination on Account of Retirement or Disability after June 30th of the fiscal year in which this Award was granted. PSUs are retained
and will be delivered on the Settlement Date.