(b) The payments contemplated by clauses (a) (i) and (ii) of this Section 17.3 shall be made upon or as soon as practicable
following the Change in Control, provided, however, that with respect to any Award that is subject to Code Section 409A, if the
Change in Control is not also a “change in control event” within the meaning of Section 409A, the payment shall be made on the
date payment would have been made had the Change in Control not occurred.
Article 18. Rights of Participants
18.1 Employment. Nothing in this Plan or an Award Agreement shall (a) interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any
Subsidiary to terminate any Participant’s employment with the Company or any Subsidiary at any time or for any reason not prohibited by law or (b)
confer upon any Participant any right to continue his employment or service as a Director for any specified period of time. Neither an Award nor
any benefits arising under this Plan shall constitute an employment contract with the Company or any Subsidiary and, accordingly, subject to
Articles 3 and 19, this Plan and the benefits hereunder may be amended or terminated at any time in the sole and exclusive discretion of the Board
without giving rise to any liability on the part of the Company, any Subsidiary, the Committee or the Board.
18.2 Participation. No individual shall have the right to be selected to receive an Award under this Plan, or, having been so selected, to
be selected to receive a future Award.
18.3 Rights as a Shareholder. Except as otherwise provided herein, a Participant shall have none of the rights of a shareholder with
reSpect to Shares covered by any Award until the Participant becomes the record holder of such Shares.
Article 19. Amendment and Termination
19.1 Amendment and Termination of the Plan and Awards.
(a) Subject to subparagraphs (b) and (c) of this Section 19.1 and Section 19.3 of the Plan, the Board or the Committee may at any
time amend or terminate the Plan or amend or terminate any outstanding Award.
(b) Except as provided for in Section 4.5, the terms of an outstanding Award may not be amended, without prior shareholder
approval, to:
(i) reduce the Option Price of an outstanding Option or to reduce the Grant Price of an outstanding SAR,
(ii) cancel an outstanding Option or SAR in exchange for other Options or SARs with an Option Price or Grant Price, as
applicable, that is less than the Option Price of the cancelled Option or the Grant Price of the cancelled SAR, as
applicable, or
(iii) cancel an outstanding Option with an Option Price that is less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of
cancellation or cancel an outstanding SAR with a Grant Price that is less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the
date of cancellation in exchange for cash or another Award.
(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment of this Plan shall be made without shareholder approval if shareholder
approval is required pursuant to rules promulgated by any stock exchange or quotation system on which Shares are listed or
quoted or by applicable US. state corporate laws or regulations, applicable US. federal laws or regulations and the applicable
laws of any foreign country or jurisdiction where Awards are, or will be, granted under the Plan.
19.2 Adjustment of Awards Upon the Occurrence of Certain Unusual or Nonrecurring Events. Subject to Section 15.4, the Committee
may make adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria included in, Awards in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events
(including, without limitation, the events described in Section 4.5) affecting the Company or the financial statements of the Company or of changes
in applicable laws, regulations, or accounting principles, whenever the Committee determines that such adjustments are appropriate in order to
prevent unintended dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under this Plan. The determination of
the Committee as to the foregoing adjustments, if any, shall be conclusive and binding on Participants under this Plan. By accepting an Award
under this Plan, a Participant agrees to any adjustment to the Award made pursuant to this Section 19.2 without further consideration or action.