The Procter & Gamble Company 27
for our various cross-border transactions. We obtain advance rulings Since pension and OPEB liabilities are measured on a discounted
with tax authorities to support our positions, where possible, to help basis, the discount rate impacts our plan obligations and expenses.
manage these exposures. Nonetheless, many of the underlying Discount rates used for our US. defined benefit pension and OPEB
transactions are subject to audit, resulting in uncertainty until the plans are based on a yield curve constructed from a portfolio of high
ultimate audit resolution. We evaluate our tax positions and establish quality bonds for which the timing and amount of cash outﬂows
liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on approximate the estimated payouts of the plan. For our international
uncertainty in income taxes. We review these tax uncertainties in light plans, the discount rates are set by benchmarking against investment
of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of tax grade corporate bonds rated AA or better. The average discount rate
audits, and adjust them accordingly. We have a number of audits in on the defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans of 2.1% and
process in various jurisdictions. Although the resolution of these tax 3.6%, respectively, represents a weighted average of local rates in
positions is uncertain, based on currently available information, we countries where such plans exist. A 100 basis point change in the
believe that the ultimate outcomes will not have a material adverse pension discount rate would impact annual after-tax defined benefit
effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows. pension expense by approximately $200 million. A change in the OPEB
Because there are a number of estimates and assumptions inherent in discount rate Of 100 baSiS Peints We‘lld impaet annual aﬁer'tax OPEB
calculating the various components of our tax provision, certain expense by aPPTOXimately $86 mime“- Fer additional details on our
changes or future events such as changes in tax legislation, deﬁned beneﬁt PenSien and OPEB Plans» See Nete 8 to the
geographic mix of earnings, completion of tax audits or earnings Censelidated Finaneial Statements-
repatriation plans could have an impact on those estimates and our Goodwill and Intangible Assets
effeetiVe tax rate For additional details on the Company.S income Significant judgment is required to estimate the fair value of intangible
taxes» See Nete 5 to the Censelidated Finaneial Statemente assets and in assigning their respective useful lives. Accordingly, we
Employee Beneﬁts typically obtain the assistance of third-party valuation specialists for
We sponsor various post-employment benefits throughout the world. significant tangible and intangible assets. The fair value estimates are
These include pension plans, both defined contribution plans and based on available historical information and on future expectations
defined benefit plans, and other post—employment beneﬁt (OPEB) end assumptions. deemed reasonable by management: bUt are
plans, consisting primarily of health care and life insurance for retirees. Inherenﬂy uncertam-
For accounting purposes, the defined benefit pension and OPEB plans We typically use an income method to estimate the fair value of
require assumptions to estimate the projected and accumulated benefit intangible assets, which is based on forecasts of the expected future
obligations, including the following variables: discount rate; expected cash ﬂows attributable to the respective assets. Significant estimates
salary increases; certain employee-related factors, such as turnover, and assumptions inherent in the valuations reﬂect a consideration of
retirement age and mortality; expected return on assets; and health other marketplace participants, and include the amount and timing of
care cost trend rates. These and other assumptions affect the annual future cash ﬂows (including expected growth rates and profitability),
expense and obligations recognized for the underlying plans. Our the underlying product or technology life cycles, economic barriers to
assumptions reﬂect our historical experiences and management's best entry, a brand's relative market position and the discount rate applied
judgment regarding future expectations. As permitted by US. GAAP, to the cash ﬂows. Unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and
the net amount by which actual results differ from our assumptions is circumstances may occur, which could affect the accuracy or validity
deferred. If this net deferred amount exceeds 10% of the greater of plan of the estimates and assumptions.
assets or liabilities, a portion of the deferred amount is included in Determining the useful life of an intangible asset also 1equites
expense for the following year. The cost or benefit of plan changes, judgment. Certain brand intangible assets are expected to have
sueh as inereaSing er deereaSing beneﬁts for Prior employee SerViee indefinite lives based on their history and our plans to continue to
(prior service cost), is deferred and included in expense on a straight— support and build the acquired brands. Other acquired intangible
line baSiS ever the average remaining SerViee peried 0f the employees assets (e. g., certain trademarks or brands, customer relationships,
expeeted to receive beneﬁts- patents and technologies) are expected to have determinable useful
The expected return on plan assets assumption impacts our defined lives. Our assessment as to brands that have an indefinite life and
benefit expense, since many of our defined benefit pension plans and those that have a determinable life is based on a number of factors
our primary OPEB plan are partially funded. The process for setting the including competitive environment, market share, brand history,
expected rates of return is described in Note 8 to the Consolidated underlying product life cycles, operating plans and the macroeconomic
Financial Statements. For 2016, the average return on assets environment of the countries in which the brands are sold. Our
assumptions for pension plan assets and OPEB assets was 7.2% and estimates of the useful lives of determinable-lived intangible assets are
8.3%, respectively. A change in the rate of return of 100 basis points primarily based on these same factors. All of our acquired technology
for both pension and OPEB assets would impact annual after-tax and customer-related intangible assets are expected to have
benefit expense by approximately $100 million. determinable useful lives.