e. The Parent Disclosure Letter is hereby amended to add a new Section 5 21(k), as set forth on Attachment D hereto.
Section 1.16 Packaging. The Agreement is hereby amended to add a new Section 521(1) as follows:
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Section 521(1), Acquiror, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates as necessary, hereby
grants to the Parent Group a limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license, until the earlier of
the Closing Date or the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article VIII, to use the Acquiror Names and Marks in
connection with preparation by the Parent Group of artwork files for use by the Acquiror Group in connection with the Galleria
Business following the Closing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent may sublicense the Acquiror Names and Marks to Third
Parties providing services to the Parent Group in connection with this Section 521(1) (provided that Parent will remain responsible
for the actions of such Third Parties). Parent, in consultation with Acquiror, will prepare or cause to be prepared artwork files for
use by the Acquiror Group in connection with the Galleria Business following the Closing. If the Agreement is terminated
pursuant to Article VIII, then Acquiror will promptly reimburse Parent for any costs, expenses or other liabilities incurred by the
Parent Group in connection with preparation of such artwork files. For purposes of this Section 521(1), “Acquiror Names and
Marks” means the name and mark “Coty” (in any style or design and any Trademark derived from, confusingly similar to or
including any of the foregoing).
Section 1.17 Non-Compete.
a. Section 5.30(b)(i) of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with: “the operation of (x) any Restricted
Business with respect to Covered Cosmetics Color Products in Brazil or (y) the Existing Parent Business,”
Section 1.18 Eixpatriate Emeyees.
a. Section 6.04(g) of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with:
(g) lirpatriate Emeyees. Without limiting the generality of Section 6.04(b), with reSpect to Continuing Employees who, as of
immediately prior to the Closing, receive specific expatriate payments or benefits from Parent or its Subsidiaries (an “Eixpatriate
Package,” and each such employee, an “§<patriate Empgyg”), the terms and conditions of employment to be presented to each
such Expatriate Employee pursuant to Section 6.02(b) will be consistent with one of subsections (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Section
6.04(g). The obligations of Acquiror and SplitCo pursuant to Section 6.04(g) will continue to apply in the case of any Expatriate
Employee, provided that, where applicable, an Expatriate Employee’s primary place of employment after the transfer contemplated
by subsection (i) or (iii) of this Section 6.04(g) will be deemed to be the Expatriate Employee’s “primary place of employment
immediately prior to the Closing” for purposes of Section 6.04(g).
(i) An offer made in accordance with this subsection will provide for the transfer, as soon as practicable following the
Closing Date, of the Expatriate Employee’s primary place of employment to a location in his or her home country,
provided that, during the Continuation Period, Acquiror and SplitCo will cause the Galleria Group to maintain a
comparable Expatriate Package for the Expatriate Employee until the Expatriate Employee is returned to his or her home
country and to pay the costs of repatriation for such Expatriate Employee to the same extent and on the same terms as
provided for in Acquiror’s relocation policies applicable to similarly—situated employees of Acquiror and its Affiliates (a
“ﬁpatriation Offer”).
(ii) An offer made in accordance with this subsection will provide for the Expatriate Employee to be localized, as soon
as practicable following the Closing Date, in the Expatriate Employee’s current host country pursuant to Acquiror’s
localization policies applicable to similarly—situated employees of Acquiror and its Affiliates, provided that, during the
Continuation Period, Acquiror and SplitCo will cause the Galleria Group to maintain a comparable Expatriate Package for
the Expatriate Employee until the Expatriate Employee
6