- The Total Company Performance Factor is based on the total Company’s success during the fiscal year and ranges from 70% to 130%, with a
target of 100%. The same Total Company Performance Factor is applied to all STAR award calculations, regardless of STAR business unit. It is
determined using a matrix which compares results against pre-established goals for fiscal year organic sales growth and core earnings per share
(“EPS”) growth for the fiscal year.
- The P&G Transformation Factor rewards leaders of the Company for delivering the brand portfolio transformation and associated
divestitures. The Transformation factor will be assessed by the STAR Committee based on key deliverables related to the organizational
transformation including portfolio optimization and will payout as a multiplier in the range of 70% to 130%. The same P&G Transformation
Factor is applied to all STAR award calculations, regardless of business unit. This temporary measure will be applied to STAR awards
beginning FY 2015-16 and is anticipated to continue into FY 2016-17. The P&G Transformation Factor for the STAR Committee members will be
recommended to the C&LD Committee by the Chief Executive Officer.
While the STAR Committee makes recommendations to the C&LD Committee regarding the Business Unit, Transformation and Total Company
performance factors to be applied to all STAR awards (except those for the STAR Committee members), only the final award amounts for principal
officers are approved specifically by the C&LD Committee. The C&LD Committee has delegated the approval of STAR awards for other participants
to the Chief Executive Officer. The C&LD Committee has discretion to use, increase or decrease the performance factors recommended by the STAR
Committee and/or to choose not to pay STAR awards during a given year.
Each year the C&LD Committee approves a cash pool for STAR awards equal to a percentage of profit, and the C&LD Committee sets a limit on the
portion of that pool which can be awarded to each of the Named Executives subject to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Service code. This
ensures that any STAR awards paid to such executives are fully tax deductible by the Company.
III. TIMING AND FORM
STAR awards are determined after the close of the fiscal year and are paid on or about September 15. The award form choices and relevant
considerations are explained to participants annually. Participants receive written notice of their award detailing the calculation and grant letters for
those employees who elect to receive awards in stock options
Generally, STAR awards are paid in cash. However, before the end of the calendar year preceding the award date, eligible participants can elect to
receive their STAR award in forms other than cash. Alternatives to cash include stock options, stock appreciation rights (“SARS”), local deferral
programs (depending on local regulations in some countries) and/or deferred compensation for employees eligible to participate in the Executive
Deferred Compensation Program). The number of stock options or SARs awarded to each employee will be determined on grant date by determining
the USD value of the award chosen by the employee to be paid in stock options and dividing that value by the grant date GAAP expense of one
stock option. The result will be rounded up to the nearest whole share. Any STAR award paid in stock options or other form of equity shall be
awarded pursuant to this program and the terms and conditions of the 2014 Plan or any successor stock plan approved in accordance with
applicable listing standards, as they may be revised from time to time. STAR awards paid in stock options or SARS will have the following terms
unless otherwise approved by the C&LD Committee at grant:
Grant date will be the last business day on or before September 15 . If the New York Stock Exchange is closed on the day of the grant, then the
C&LD Committee will establish a grant date as soon as practical following the date previously specified. Provided participants remain in compliance
with the terms and conditions set forth in the 2014 Plan and the Regulations, STAR stock options and SARs are not forfeitable, will become
exercisable three years after the grant date, and will expire ten years after the grant date. In the event of death of the participant, the award becomes
exercisable as of the date of death and the award remains exercisable until the Expiration Date. For awards granted in France or the United Kingdom,
the consequences of death are determined by the local plan supplement, if applicable.
The option price used for any STAR Award will be the closing price for a share of Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the grant
date, or such higher price as may be specified in the French Addendum of the Regulations (the “Grant Price”).
IV. SEPARATION FROM THE COMPANY
0 Retirement, Death or Special Separation with a Separation Package: If a participant worked at least 28 days (4 calendar weeks) during the
fiscal year, the STAR award is pro-rated by dividing the number of calendar days the participant was an “active employee” during the fiscal
year by 365.