SHORT TERM ACHIEVEMENT REWARD PROGRAM
(Effective July 1, 2016)
The Short Term Achievement Reward (“STAR”) Program is The Procter & Gamble Company’s (the “Company”) annual bonus program designed to
motivate and reward employees for achieving outstanding short term business results for the Company and its subsidiaries. STAR awards are made
pursuant to authority delegated to the Compensation & Leadership Development Committee (the “C&LD Committee”) by the Board of Directors for
awarding compensation to the Company’s principal officers and for making awards under the Procter & Gamble 2014 Stock and Incentive
Compensation Plan (the “2014 Plan”) or any successor stock plan approved in accordance with applicable listing standards.
I. ELIGIBILITY
Employees at Band 3 or above and who worked at least 28 days (four calendar weeks) during the applicable fiscal year are eligible to participate.
Eligible employees who do not work a full schedule (e. g., leaves of absence, disability, and less-than-full time schedules) in the fiscal year in which
the award is payable may have awards pro-rated.
II. CALCULATION
The individual STAR Award is calculated as follows:
(STAR Target) x (Business Unit Performance Factor) X (Total Company Performance Factor) x (P&G Transformation Factor)
- The STAR Target for each participant is calculated as:
(Base Salary) X (STAR Target percent)
Base Salary at the end of the applicable fiscal year is used to calculate the STAR award.
Generally, the STAR Target Percent is dependent on the individual’s position and level (Band) in the organization. The STAR Target
percent for participants at Band 7 or above is set by the C&LD Committee. The STAR Target percent for all other participants is set by the
Chief Executive Officer, with the concurrence of the Chief Human Resources Officer, pursuant to authority delegated to them by the C&LD
Committee. If an individual’s position and/or level changes during a fiscal year, and that change results in a new STAR Target Percent, the
STAR Target Percent is pro-rated according to the amount of time in each position/level during the fiscal year.
- The Business Unit Performance Factor is based on the fiscal year success for the apprOpriate STAR business unit. The STAR business units
are defined by the Chief Human Resources Officer and may consist of business categories, segments, geographies, functions, organizations or
a combination of one or more of these items. The STAR business units will be defined within ninety (90) days of the beginning of the fiscal
year, but may be adjusted as necessary to reﬂect business and/or organizational changes (e. g., reorganization, acquisition, merger, divestiture,
etc.). The Business Unit Performance Factors can range from 50% to 150% with a target of 100%. In general, a committee consisting of at least
two of the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer and/or the Chief Operating
Officer (the “STAR Committee”), conducts a comprehensive retrospective assessment of the fiscal year performance of each STAR business
unit against previously established goals for one or more of the following measures: Operating Total Shareholder Return, Key Competitor
Comparison, After Tax Profit, Operating Cash Flow, Value Share, Volume, Net Outside Sales, Customer spending effectiveness, SRAP cost
progress, Transportation and warehouse cost progress, Internal controls, Accounts receivable payscore (collection effectiveness),
Organization Head Self-Assessment, and Cross Organization Assessment. The STAR Committee makes a recommendation of an appropriate
Business Unit Performance Factor to the C&LD Committee. There may also be other factors significantly affecting STAR business unit results
positively or negatively which can be considered by the STAR Committee when making its recommendation. No member of the STAR
Committee makes any recommendation or determination as to their own STAR award. As a result, there are certain instances in which a
Business Unit Performance Factor recommendation to the C&LD Committee must be made exclusively by the Chief Executive Officer.
Business Unit leaders may then allocate the approved STAR Business Unit Factors among the divisions of the Business Unit to more closely
align the STAR award with performance, so long as the total expenditure does not exceed that approved by the Star Committee.