Article 15. Performance-Based Compensation and Compliance with Code Section 162(m)
15.1 Compliance with Section 162(m). All Options and SARs granted hereunder to any Participant who is or may be a Covered
Employee at the time of exercise of such Option or SAR are intended to qualify for exemption from the limitation on deductibility imposed by Code
Section 162(m) and this Plan shall be interpreted and operated consistent with that intention. The Committee may designate any Award (other than
an Option or SAR) as Performance-Based Compensation upon grant, in each case based upon a determination that (i) the Participant is or may be a
Covered Employee with respect to such Award, and (ii) the Committee wishes such Award to qualify for exemption from the limitation on
deductibility imposed by Code Section 162(m). The Committee shall have the sole authority to specify which Awards are to be granted in
compliance with Code Section 162(m) and treated as Performance-Based Compensation.
15.2 Performance Measures. Payment or vesting of an Award to a Covered Employee that is intended to qualify as Performance-Based
Compensation shall be based upon one or more of the following Performance Measures, as measured during the Performance Period:
(a) total shareholder return;
(b) Operating total shareholder return;
(0) stock price;
((1) market share;
(e) sales revenue;
(f) organic sales growth;
(g) Operating earnings (before tax or after tax);
(h) earnings per share;
(i) net earnings or net income;
(j) gross margin;
(k) operating margin;
(1) costs;
(m) return on assets or capital;
(n) cash ﬂow;
(0) cash ﬂow efficiency; or
(p) acquisition integration metrics.
Any Performance Measure(s) may, as the Committee, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, (i) relate to the performance of the
Company, a Subsidiary, divisions, department, region, function or business unit of the Company in which the Participant is employed or any
combination thereof, (ii) be measured relative to the performance of other companies, a published index, an absolute amount, a pre-established
target, or any other point of comparison, or (iii) be based on any combination of the foregoing. Any Performance Measure(s) may be made subject
to pre-specified adjustments to remove the effects of restructurings, dispositions, changes in tax or accounting rules, or similar non-recurring or
extraordinary events to the extent consistent with the requirements of Code Section 162(m) for Performance-Based Compensation.
15.4 Adjustment of Performance-Based Compensation. Awards that are intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation may
not be adjusted upward. The Committee shall retain the discretion to adjust such Awards downward, either on a formula or discretionary basis or
any combination, as the Committee determines, in its sole discretion.