32 The Procter & Gamble Company
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of The Procter & Gamble Company
Cincinnati, Ohio
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets of The Procter & Gamble Company and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of
June 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related Consolidated Statements of Earnings, Comprehensive Income, Shareholders’ Equity, and Cash Flows for
each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, such Consolidated Financial Statements present fairly, in all material reSpects, the financial position of The Procter & Gamble
Company and subsidiaries at June 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period
ended June 30, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
As discussed in Note 1 and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, on July 1, 2015, the Company adopted the new accounting guidance
in ASU 2014-08, Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued
Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's
internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated August 9, 2016 expressed an unqualified
Opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
[6112610]:ZZQJLZQLLQZLQLLB
Cincinnati, Ohio
August 9, 2016