21.8 Employees Based Outside of the United States. Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, in order to comply with
the laws in other countries in which the Company or any Subsidiaries Operate or have Employees or Directors, the Committee, in its sole discretion,
shall have the power and authority to:
(a) Determine which Subsidiaries shall be covered by this Plan;
(b) Determine which Employees or Directors outside the United States are eligible to participate in this Plan;
(c) Modify the terms and conditions of any Award granted to Employees or Directors outside the United States to comply with
applicable foreign laws;
(d) Establish sub-plans and modify exercise procedures and other terms and procedures, to the extent such actions may be
necessary or advisable. Any sub-plans and modifications to Plan terms and procedures established under this Section 21.8 by the
Committee shall be attached to this Plan document as appendices; and
(e) Take any action, before or after an Award is made, that it deems advisable to obtain approval or comply with any necessary
local government regulatory exemptions or approvals.
Notwithstanding the above, the Committee may not take any actions hereunder, and no Awards shall be granted, that would violate
applicable law.
21.9 Uncertiﬁcated Shares. To the extent that this Plan provides for issuance of certificates to reﬂect the transfer of Shares, the transfer
of such Shares may be effected on a non-certificated basis, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange.
21.10 Unfunded Plan. Participants shall have no right, title or interest whatsoever in or to any investments that the Company or any
Subsidiaries may make to aid it in meeting its obligations under this Plan. Nothing contained in this Plan, and no action taken pursuant to its
provisions, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind, or a fiduciary relationship between the Company and any Participant,
beneficiary, legal representative or any other individual. To the extent that any individual acquires a right to receive payments from the Company or
any Subsidiary under this Plan, such right shall be no greater than the right of an unsecured general creditor of the Company or the Subsidiary, as
the case may be. All payments to be made hereunder shall be paid from the general funds of the Company, or the Subsidiary, as the case may be,
and no special or separate fund shall be established, and no segregation of assets shall be made to assure payment of such amounts except as
expressly set forth in this Plan.
21.11 No Fractional Shares. No fractional Shares shall be issued or delivered pursuant to this Plan or any Award. The Committee shall
determine whether cash, Awards or other property shall be issued or paid in lieu of fractional Shares or whether such fractional Shares or any rights
thereto shall be forfeited or otherwise eliminated.
21.12 Retirement and Welfare Plans. Neither Awards made under this Plan nor Shares or cash paid pursuant to such Awards may be
included as “compensation” for purposes of computing the benefits payable to any Participant under the Company’s or any Subsidiary’s retirement
plans (both qualified and nonqualified) or welfare benefit plans unless such other plan expressly provides that such compensation shall be taken
into account in computing a Participant’s benefit.
21.13 Deferred Compensation. It is intended that any Award under this Plan shall either be exempt from Code Section 409A or shall
comply, in form and operation, with Code Section 409A. If a Participant is a “specified employee” as defined under Code Section 409A and the
Participant’s Award is to be settled on account of the Participant’s separation from service (for reasons other than death) and such Award
constitutes “deferred compensation” as defined under Code Section 409A, then any portion of the Participant’s Award that would otherwise be
settled during the six-month period commencing on the Participant’s separation from service shall be settled as soon as practicable following the
conclusion of the six-month period (or following the Participant’s death if it occurs during such six-month period). Any Awards that are subject to
Code Section 409A shall be interpreted in a manner that complies with Code Section 409A.
21.14 Nonexclusivity of this Plan. The adoption of this Plan shall not be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board
or Committee to adopt such other compensation arrangements as it may deem desirable for any Participant.