The Procter & Gamble Company 31
Item 8. EinanciaLStatementsiandSupplementarLData.
MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting of The Procter & Gamble Company
(as defined in Rule 13a—15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.
Strong internal controls is an objective that is reinforced through our Worldwide Business Conduct Manual, which sets forth our commitment to
conduct business with integrity, and within both the letter and the spirit of the law. Our people are deeply committed to our Purpose, Values, and
Principles, which unite us in doing what’s right. Our system of internal controls includes written policies and procedures, segregation of duties, and
the careful selection and development of employees. Additional key elements of our internal control structure include our Global Leadership
Council, which is actively involved in oversight of the business strategies, initiatives, results and controls, our Disclosure Committee, which is
responsible for evaluating disclosure implications of significant business activities and events, our Board of Directors, which provides strong and
effective corporate governance, and our Audit Committee, which reviews significant accounting policies, financial reporting and internal control
matters.
The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes a Control Self-Assessment Program that is conducted annually for critical financial
reporting areas of the Company and is audited by our Global Internal Audit organization. Management takes the appropriate action to correct any
identified control deficiencies. Global Internal Audit also performs financial and compliance audits around the world, provides training, and
continuously improves our internal control processes.
Because of its inherent limitations, any system of internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, may not prevent or detect
misstatements due to the possibility that a control can be circumvented or overridden or that misstatements due to error or fraud may occur that are
not detected. Also, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time.
Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016, using criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (C080) and
concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016, based on these criteria.
Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting as of June 30, 2016, as stated in their report which is included herein.
ZSLDayzidiSJavlar
David S. Taylor
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
[silon,R.,Maeller
Jon R. Moeller
Chief Financial Officer
August 9, 2016