Coty Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
New York, NY 10018
February 19, 2016
The Procter & Gamble Company
One Procter & Gamble Plaza
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Attention: Corporate Secretary and Jason Muncy, Associate General Counsel - Global Transactions
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Reference is made to the Transaction Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2015 (as amended, the “Transaction Agreement”), by and among The
Procter & Gamble Company, Galleria Co., Coty Inc. and Green Acquisition Sub Inc. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this letter agreement
have the meanings ascribed to them in the Transaction Agreement.
Each of the Parties agrees as follows:
1. Share Repurchase Program.
(a) Section 5.06 of the Acquiror Disclosure Letter is hereby amended such that the following disclosure will be added as a new Paragraph
8:
8. Subject to compliance with all applicable Laws, Acquiror may repurchase shares of Class A Common Stock (any such shares
repurchased, the “Subsequent Repurchased Shares”) in open-market purchases pursuant to a valid trading plan adopted under Rule 10b5-
1 promulgated under the Exchange Act, which plan will not be subsequently amended without the consent of Parent, such consent not to
be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and which purchases may take place at any time or from time to time after such date of
adoption and through the 30th calendar day prior to the Commencement Date (and any Subsequent Repurchased Shares may be retired or
extinguished), provided that (a) the aggregate repurchase price therefor will not exceed $500.0 million and (b) all such purchases will be
effected in a manner that satisfies all of the conditions set forth in clauses (1)—(4) of sub-paragraph (b) of Rule 10b-18 promulgated under
the Exchange Act.
(b) Article X1 is hereby amended such that the following definition is added to such Article:
“Subsequent Repurchased Shares” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.06 of the Acquiror Disclosure Letter.
2. Other Transaction Agreement and Exhibit Amendments. The Transaction Agreement and exhibits thereto are hereby amended as
follows:
(a) The definition of “Fully Diluted Basis” is hereby amended so as to add in the text indicated below in bold underline:
“Fully Diluted Basis” means, in each case as of the date on which the Galleria Stock Amount is determined:
(a) the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock that are outstanding on such date
(provided that, for purposes of this determination, any Repurchased Shares and Subsequent Repurchased Shares will be deemed to
constitute outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock), plus
5