- Termination pursuant to a Written Separation Agreement that provides for retention of the Award, after June 30th of the fiscal year in
which this Award was granted. PSUs are retained and will be delivered on the Settlement Date.
- Termination in connection with a divestiture or separation of any of the Company’s businesses, as determined by the Company’s Chief
Human Resources Officer. PSUs are retained and will be delivered on the Settlement Date.
VII. CHANGE IN CONTROL
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there is a Change in Control that meets the requirements of a change in control event under Section 409A, all
outstanding PSP Awards will vest at 100% of the Initial PSU Grant target (or 100% of the PSP Target if the Change in Control occurs prior to the
Initial PSU Grant) including dividends that would have accumulated since the initial PSU grant on the vested units, and shall be paid in shares of
Common Stock at the time of such Change in Control. If there is a Change in Control event that does not meet the requirements of a change in
control event under Section 409A, all outstanding PSP Awards will be settled according to the terms and conditions set forth herein, without the
application Article 17 of the 2014 Plan. “Change in Control” shall have the same meaning as defined in the 2014 Plan or any successor stock plan
approved in accordance with applicable listing standards.
VIII. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
It shall be understood that the PSP does not give to any officer or employee any contract rights, express or implied, against any Company for any
PSP Award, or for compensation in addition to the salary paid to him or her, or any right to question the action of the Board of Directors or the
C&LD Committee.
Each PSP Award made to an individual at Band 7 and above is subject to the Senior Executive Recoupment Policy adopted by the C&LD Committee
in December 2006.
To the extent applicable, it is intended that the PSP comply with the provisions of Section 409A. The PSP will be administered and interpreted in a
manner consistent with this intent. Neither a Participant nor any of a Participant’s creditors or beneficiaries will have the right to subject any
deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A) payable under the PSP to any anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment,
pledge, encumbrance, attachment or garnishment. Except as permitted under Section 409A, any deferred compensation (within the meaning of
Section 409A) payable to a Participant under the PSP may not be reduced by, or offset against, any amount owing by a Participant to the Company.
This program document may be amended at any time by the C&LD Committee.
(Back To Top)
Sectlon 8: EX—10.25 (EXHIBIT 10.25 THE PROCTER & GAMBLE 2014
EXHIBIT (10-25)
The Procter & Gamble 2014 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan