6.4 Suspension of Exercise. The Company reserves the right from time to time to suspend the exercise of any Award, where such
suspension is deemed by the Company as necessary or appropriate for corporate purposes. No such suspension shall extend the life of the Option
or Stock Appreciation Right beyond its expiration date, and in no event will there be a suspension in the five (5) calendar days immediately
preceding the expiration date.
Article 7. Stock Options
7.1 Grant of Options. Options may be granted to Participants in such number, and upon such terms, and at any time and from time to time
as shall be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. Each grant of an Option shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement which shall
specify whether the Option is in the form of a Nonqualified Stock Option or an Incentive Stock Option.
7.2 Option Price. The Option Price for each grant of an Option shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion and shall be
specified in the Award Agreement evidencing such Option; provided, however, the Option Price must be at least equal to 100% of the FMV of a
Share as of the Option’s Grant Date, subject to adjustment as provided for under Section 4.5.
7.3 Term of Option. The term of an Option granted to a Participant shall be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion; provided,
however, no Option shall be exercisable later than the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date.
7.4 Exercise of Option. An Option shall be exercisable at such times and be subject to such restrictions and conditions as the Committee
shall in each instance approve, which terms and restrictions need not be the same for each grant or for each Participant, except that no Option shall
be exercisable within one (1) year from its Grant Date, except in the case of the death of the Participant.
7.5 Notice of Exercise. An Option shall be exercised by the delivery of a notice of exercise to the Company or an agent designated by the
Company in a form specified or accepted by the Committee, or by complying with any alternative procedures that may be authorized by the
Committee, setting forth the number of Shares with respect to which the Option is to be exercised.
7.6 Payment of Option Price. A condition of the issuance of the Shares as to which an Option shall be exercised shall be the payment of
the Option Price. The Option Price of any exercised Option shall be payable to the Company in accordance with one of the following methods:
(a) In cash or its equivalent;
(b) By a cashless (broker-assisted) exercise;
(c) By any combination of (a) and (b); or
(d) Any other method approved or accepted by the Committee in its sole discretion.
Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, all payments under all of the methods indicated above shall be paid in United States
dollars or Shares, as applicable.
7.7 Special Rules Regarding ISOs. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, an Option granted in the form of an ISO
to a Participant shall be subject to the following rules. An ISO may be granted solely to eligible Employees of the Company, a parent corporation, or
a subsidiary, as defined in Code Section 422. An Award Agreement evidencing the grant of an ISO shall specify that such grant is intended to be an
ISO. The Option Price for each grant of an ISO must be at least equal 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share as of the 180’s Grant Date (in the
case of 10% owners, within the meaning of Code Section 422, the Option Price may not be not less than 110% of such Fair Market Value), subject to
adjustment provided for under Section 4.5. Any ISO granted to a Participant shall be exercisable during his or her lifetime solely by such Participant.
The period during which a Participant may exercise an ISO shall not exceed ten years (five years in the case of a Participant who is a 10% owner
within the meaning of Code Section 422) from its Grant Date. To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of (a) the Shares with respect to
which Options designated as 1805 plus (b) the shares of stock of the Company, parent corporation and subsidiary with respect to which other 1805
are exercisable for the first time by a holder of such 1803 during any calendar year under all plans of the Company, any parent corporation, and any
subsidiary exceeds $100,000, such Options shall be treated as Nonqualified Stock Options. For purposes of the preceding sentence, (a) Options
shall be taken into account in the order in which they were granted, and (b) the Fair Market Value of the Shares shall be determined as of the time
the Option or other ISO is granted. No more than 100,000,000 Shares shall be available under this Plan for delivery with respect to ISOs. No ISO may
be granted