6 The Procter & Gamble Company
objectives. Specifically, our financial results could be adversely Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.
impacted by the dilutive impacts from the loss of earnings associated None
with divested brands. Our financial results could also be impacted in '
the event of acquisitions or joint venture activities if: 1) changes in the
cash ﬂows or other market—based assumptions cause the value of Item 2. Properties.
acquired assets to fall below book value, or 2) we are not able to . . .
. . . . In the US, we own and operate 24 manufacturing s1tes located 1n 18
dehver the CXPCCted COSt and grOWth Synergles assomated Wlth SUCh different states or territories In addition we own and operate 97
acquisitions and joint ventures, which could also have an impact on . . . ' . ’ .
goodwill and intangible assets. manufacturlng s1tes in 38 other countries. Many of the domestlc and
international Sltes manufacture products for multiple bus1nesses.
Our business results depend on our ability to successfully manage Beauty products are manufactured at 34 of these locations; Grooming
productivity improvements and ongoing organizational change. products at 21; Health Care products at 17; Fabric & Home Care
Our financial projections assume certain ongoing productivity Erfuas a; 46’EndCBaby’ Fefmnme 8:0Faml.ly caie at 42' Mgnagement
improvements and cost savings, including staffing adjustments as well 6 leves t at t. e ompany S manu aetimng Sltes. are a equate to
as employee departures. Failure to deliver these planned productivity SUpport.the.busmeSS and that the pmpertles and equlpment have been
improvements and cost savings, while continuing to invest in well mamtamed'
business growth, could adversely impact our financial results.
Additionally, successfully executing management transitions at Item 3. L:egal Proceedingi;
leadership levels of the Company and retention of key employees is . . . . . .
critical to our business success. We are generally a build-from-within The Company}? subJeCt’ from tlme.t0 tlme’ t9 certam legalproceedmgs
company and our success is dependent on identifying, develOping and Clamis arming out .Of our busmess’ WhICh ?Over a Wlde rénge. Of
and retaining key employees to provide uninterrupted leadership and ﬂatteri’. mcmdmg antltht. and tracie .regUIatlon’ prOduCt hablhty’
direction for our business. This includes developing and retaining a vertlsmg’ contraCtS’ enwronmenta lssues’ patent and trademark
organizational capabilities in key growth markets where the depth of matters? labor ind 691p loyment matters .and taX' .866 NOte 12. to our
skilled or experienced employees may be limited and competition for COHSthated Fmarimal Statements .for Informatlon on certam legal
these resources is intense, as well as continuing the development and proceedmgs for WhICh there are contmgenmes'
execution of robust leadership succession plans. This item should be read in conjunction with the Company's Risk
The United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union could FaCtorsm Part I’Item 1A for addltlonal mformatlon'
adversely impact our business and ﬁnancial results.
On June 23, 2016, the United Kingdom held a referendum in which a Item 4' Mme safety DISCIOsure'
majority of voters voted for the United Kingdom to exit the European Not applicable.
Union (“Brexit”), the announcement of which resulted in significant
currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations and volatility in global stock
markets. It is expected that the British government will commence
negotiations to determine the terms of Brexit. Given the lack of
comparable precedent, the implications of Brexit or how such
implications might affect the Company are unclear. Brexit could, among
other things, disrupt trade and the free movement of goods, services
and people between the United Kingdom and the European Union or
other countries as well as create legal and global economic
uncertainty. These and other potential implications of Brexit could
adversely affect the Company’s business and financial results.