The Procter & Gamble Company 15
ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND UNCERTAINTIES earnings from these foreign exchange impacts. Certain countries
We discuss expectations regarding future performance events and experiencing significant exchange rate ﬂuctuations, like Argentina,
. . . .’ Brazil, Canada, Egypt, Mexico, Nigeria, Russia and Turkey have had,
outcomes, such as our bus1ness outlook and objectives, in annual and . . . . .
quarterly reports press releases and other written and oral and could have, a s1gn1f1cant impact on our sales, costs and earnings.
communications All such statements except for historical and present Increased priCing in response to these ﬂucwaﬁons in foreign currency
factual information are "forward-looking statements" and are based on eXChange rates may Offset portions Of the gurrency impaCtS’ but cogld
financial data and our business plans available only as of the time the izilgaavfieitrgﬁastgfglmpaCt on consumptlon Of our prOduCtS’ Wthh
statements are made, which may become out—of-date or incomplete. '
We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as Government Policies. Our net earnings could be affected by changes
a result of new information, future events or other factors. Forward- in US. or foreign government tax policies. For example, the US. may
looking statements are inherently uncertain and investors must consider corporate tax reform that could significantly impact the
recognize that events could be significantly different from our corporate tax rate and change the US. tax treatment of international
expectations. For more information on risks that could impact our earnings. Additionally, we attempt to carefully manage our debt and
results, refer to Item 1A Risk Factors in this Form 10-K. currency exposure in certain countries with currency exchange, import
Global Economic Conditions Current macroeconomic factors remain amhorizaﬁon and priCing contmls’ SUCh as Argentina’ Egypt’ Nigeria
. ' . . ad kra'.Cha ' t l'c' 'th aa 'ht
dynamic, and any causes of market s1ze contraction, such as reduced n U lne nges m govémmen p01 168 m. 636 I? S mlg
GDP in commodity_producing economics as commodity prices decline cause an increase or decrease 1n our sales, operat1ng margin and net
greater political unrest in the Middle East and Eastern Europe, further earmngs’
economic instability in the European Union, political instability in RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
certain Latin American markets and economic slo do ns in J a an and . . . . . .
China could reduce our sales or erode our 0 eras; Ear in ii either The key metrics included 1n our d1scussron of our consolldated results
case rgducin our camin S p g g ’ of operations include net sales, gross margin, selling, general and
g g ' administrative costs (SG&A), other non-operating items and income
Changes in Costs. Our costs are subject to ﬂuctuations, particularly taxes. The primary factors driving year-over-year changes in net sales
due to changes in commodity prices and our own productivity efforts. include overall market growth in the categories in which we compete,
We have significant exposures to certain commodities, in particular product initiatives, the level of initiatives and other activities by
certain oil-derived materials like resins, and volatility in the market competitors, geographic expansion and acquisition and divestiture
price of these commodity input materials has a direct impact on our activity, all of which drive changes in our underlying unit volume, as
costs. If we are unable to manage commodity ﬂuctuations through well as pricing actions (which can also indirectly impact volume),
pricing actions, cost savings projects and sourcing decisions as well changes in product and geographic mix and foreign currency impacts
as through consistent productivity improvements, it may adversely on sales outside the US.
lmpaCt our gross margln’ Operatmg mgrgm .arld net .eamlngs' Sales Most of our cost of products sold and SG&A are to some extent
could also be adversely impacted followmg pr1c1ng actlons if there is a . . . . . .
ne ative im act on consum tion of our roducts We Strive to variable in nature. Accordingly, our d1scussron of these operat1ng
imilement Echieve and sustgin cost improgement ﬁlans including costs focuses primarily .on relative margins rather than the absolute
outsourcing projects, supply chain optimization and general overhead year-over'year hanges. m tOtal COStS' The pnmary duvets Of Chgriges
and workforce optimization As discussed later in the MD&A we m gross margm are Input COStS (energy and Other commOdltleS)’
. '. . . ’ " 'at ah' 'f a1 a"
1n1t1ated certaln non-manufacturing overhead reduct1on prOjects along pncmg Imp C 8’ geOgr p 1C mm. (or ex p 6’ grogs m rgms m
with manufacturing and other supply chain cost improvements developed markets are generally higher than 1n developmg markets for
.. . . "la dt dt'f althBa tha
prOjects 1n 2012. If we are not successful in executmg these changes, Slml r pro uc S)’ pro uC mlx ( or ex mp 6’ e 6 my. segmen S
there could be a ne ative im act on our 0 eratin mar in and net hlgher gross margms than the company average)’ forelgn eXChange
earnin S g p p g g rate ﬂuctuations (in situations where certain input costs may be tied to
g ' a different functional currency than the underlying sales), the impacts
Foreign Exchange. We have both translation and transaction of manufacturing savings projects and to a lesser extent scale impacts
exposure to the ﬂuctuation of exchange rates. Translation exposures (for costs that are fixed or less variable in nature). The primary drivers
relate to exchange rate impacts of measuring income statements of of SG&A are marketing-related costs and non-manufacturing overhead
foreign subsidiaries that do not use the US. dollar as their functional costs. Marketing-related costs are primarily variable in nature,
currency. Transaction exposures relate to 1) the impact from input although we may achieve some level of scale benefit over time due to
costs that are denominated in a currency other than the local reporting overall growth and other marketing efficiencies. Overhead costs are
currency and 2) the revaluation of transaction-related working capital also variable in nature, but on a relative basis, less so than marketing
balances denominated in currencies other than the functional costs due to our ability to leverage our organization and systems
currency. In 2016, 2015 and 2014, the US. dollar has strengthened infrastructures to support business growth. Accordingly, we generally
versus a number of foreign currencies leading to lower sales and experience more scale-related impacts for these costs.