0 Voluntary Resignation or Termination for cause: Separating employees must have been active employees as of June 30 (the close of the fiscal
year for which the award is payable) to receive an award.
° Separation due to a Company authorized divestiture: In the case of divestitures the CHRO is authorized to determine the appropriate STAR
payout based on Business Unit factors either at Target or at projected or actual business results. The CHRO is also authorized to pay awards
for the current or following partial fiscal year at time of divestiture close for administrative convenience.
Eligible participants who have left the Company will receive a cash payment (equity such as stock options and RSUs can only be issued to active
employees) on the same timing as STAR awards or as soon thereafter as possible.
V. CHANGE IN CONTROL
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there is a Change in Control in any fiscal year, STAR awards will be calculated in accordance with Section II
above, but each factor will be calculated for the period from the beginning of the fiscal year in which a Change in Control occurred up to and
including the date of such Change in Control (“CIC Period”). “Change in Control” shall have the same meaning as defined in the 2014 Plan or any
successor stock plan.
VI. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
While any STAR award amount received by one individual for any year shall be considered as earned remuneration in addition to salary paid, it
shall be understood that this plan does not give to any officer or employee any contract rights, express or implied, against any Company for any
STAR award or for compensation in addition to the salary paid to him or her, or any right to question the action of the Board of Directors or the
C&LD or STAR Committees.
Each award to an individual at Band 7 and above, made pursuant to this plan, is subject to the Senior Executive Recoupment Policy adopted by the
C&LD Committee in December 2006.
To the extent applicable, it is intended that STAR comply with the provisions of Section 409A. STAR will be administered and interpreted in a
manner consistent with this intent. Neither a Participant nor any of a Participant’s creditors or beneficiaries will have the right to subject any
deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A) payable under STAR to any anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge,
encumbrance, attachment or garnishment. Except as permitted under Section 409A, any deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section
409A) payable to a Participant under STAR may not be reduced by, or offset against, any amount owing by a Participant to the Company.
This program document may be amended at any time by the C&LD Committee.
(Back To Top)
Sectlon 7: EX—10.23 (EXHIBIT 10.23 THE PROCTER & GAMBLE
EXHIBIT (10-23)
The Procter & Gamble Performance Stock Program Summary