LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM
(Effective July 1, 2016)
The Long-Term Incentive Program (“LTI Program”) is part of The Procter & Gamble Company’s (the “Company”) long-term incentive
compensation and is designed to increase employee ownership and focus employees on the long-term success of the Company. Awards granted
under the LTI Program (“LTI Awards”) are made pursuant to authority delegated to the Compensation & Leadership Development Committee (the
“Committee”) by the Board of Directors for determining compensation for the Company’s principal officers and for making awards under The
Procter & Gamble 2014 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (the “2014 Plan”) or any successor stock plan approved in accordance with
applicable listing standards.
I. ELIGIBILITY
Active employees at Band 4 and above as of October 1 prior to grant date are included in the Plan, as well as a select percent of Band 3 employees.
Employees recommended by management and approved by the Committee or Committee’s delegate are eligible to participate (“Participants”).
11. OVERVIEW
The LTI Program motivates leaders to achieve results in the long term by driving ownership behavior through the awarding of stock options, stock
appreciation rights (SARs), and restricted stock units (RSUs). Participants at Band 4 and above may be provided a choice of a mix of stock options
and RSUs, except for the CEO, whose grant form is solely determined by the Committee. The choice must be made before the end of the calendar
year preceding the award date. Band 3 participants receive awards in the form of stock options, RSUs, or a mix as authorized by the CEO prior to
grant date. Exceptions may exist in some countries where stock options and/or RSUs are not locally allowed or effective as a compensation vehicle.
111. AWARD DETERMINATION
Market target grant values by Job Band are based on competitive market data from peer companies and analysis of global long-term incentive
practices.
- CEO - The market analysis is reviewed and a final award value for the CEO is determined solely by the Committee.
0 Principal Officers - Market target grant values for Principal Officers are authorized by the Committee. Final awards for Principal Officers are
recommended by the CEO and approved directly by the Committee.
- Band 4-6 - The CEO authorizes market target grant values by band below Band 7. Individual employee award targets are determined based
on the employee’s home country and job band. The final award values for Band 4-6 may be further adjusted by Business Unit leaders for
individual performance. Final award amounts for employees Band 4-6 are approved by the CEO as delegated by the Committee. Awards for
low performers are reduced or eliminated.
0 Band 3 - The CEO authorizes market grant values, award mix, and participation rates at Band 3. The Business Unit leaders select the Band 3
participants within their organizations. The final award values for Band 3 are set based on home country and approved by the CEO as
authorized by the Committee.
The number of stock options or SARs awarded to each employee will be determined on grant date using the same methodology by which the
Company expenses stock options. The number of RSUs awarded will be determined based on the price of P&G stock on grant date.
The option price or grant price used for any LTI Award will be the closing price for a share of Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on
the day of the grant, or such higher price as may be specified in the French Addendum of the Regulations (the “Grant Price”). If the New York Stock
Exchange is closed on the day of the grant, then the date of the Award will be the first day of trading of the Company’s stock subsequent to the
date previously specified for such award.
LTI Awards will be granted on the last business day of February each year. Employees who did not receive the appropriate award on this date due
to an administrative or data error will receive their appropriate LTI Award on the last business day prior to May 10 each year.
If applicable, Participants must accept their awards according to the terms of the Award Letter or the Award will not be granted.