THE HERSHEY C OlVIPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)
Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives
of the assets, as follows: 3 to 15 years for machinery and equipment; and 25 to 40 years for buildings and related
improvements. Total depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $231,735,
$197,054 and $176,312, respectively. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. We capitalize applicable
interest charges incurred during the construction of new facilities and production lines and amortize these costs over
the assets’ estimated useful lives.
We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of such assets may not be recoverable. We measure the recoverability of assets to be held and used by a
comparison of the carrying amount of long-lived assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be
generated. If these assets are considered to be impaired, we measure impairment as the amount by which the carrying
amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. We report assets held for sale or disposal at the lower of the
carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell.
We assess asset retirement obligations on a periodic basis and recognize the fair value of a liability for an asset
retirement obligation in the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. We
capitalize associated asset retirement costs as part of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset.
Computer Software
We capitalize costs associated with software developed or obtained for internal use when both the preliminary project
stage is completed and it is probable the software being developed will be completed and placed in service. Capitalized
costs include only (i) external direct costs of materials and services consumed in developing or obtaining internal-use
software, (ii) payroll and other related costs for employees who are directly associated with and who devote time to the
internal-use software project and (iii) interest costs incurred, when material, while developing internal-use software.
We cease capitalization of such costs no later than the point at which the project is substantially complete and ready for
its intended purpose.
The unamortized amount of capitalized software totaled $95,301 and $68,004 at December 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. We amortize software costs using the straight-line method over the expected life of the software,
generally 3 to 5 years. Accumulated amortization of capitalized software was $322,807 and $304,057 as of
December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Such amounts are recorded within other assets in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets.
We review the carrying value of software and development costs for impairment in accordance with our policy
pertaining to the impairment of long-lived assets.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are evaluated for impairment annually or more
often if indicators of a potential impairment are present. Our annual impairment tests are conducted at the beginning
of the fourth quarter. We test goodwill for impairment by performing a qualitative assessment or using a two-step
quantitative process. If we choose to perform a qualitative assessment, we evaluate economic, industry and company-
specific factors as an initial step in assessing the fair value of the related reporting unit. If we determine that it is more
likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the two-step process is then
performed. Otherwise, no further testing is required. For those reporting units tested using the two-step process, we
first compare the fair value of each reporting unit with the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including goodwill.
If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount of the reporting unit, we complete a
second step to determine the amount of the goodwill impairment that we should record. In the second step, we
determine an implied fair value of the reporting unit’s goodwill by allocating the reporting unit’s fair value to all of its
assets and liabilities other than goodwill (including any unrecognized intangible assets). We compare the resulting
implied fair value of the goodwill to the carrying amount and record an impairment charge for the difference. We test
individual indefinite-lived intangible assets by comparing the estimated fair value with the book values of each asset.
We determine the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets using an income approach.
Under the income approach, we calculate the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets
55