Item 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS
This Management's Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) is intended to provide an understanding of Hershey's
financial condition, results of operations and cash ﬂows by focusing on changes in certain key measures from year to
year. The MD&A should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes
included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that
involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-
looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form
10-K, particularly in Item 1A. “Risk Factors.”
The MD&A is organized in the following sections:
- Overview and Outlook
- Non-GAAP Information
- Consolidated Results of Operations
° Segment Results
- Financial Condition
- Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK
We are the largest producer of quality chocolate in North America and a global leader in chocolate and non-chocolate
confectionery. We market, sell and distribute our products under more than 80 brand names in approximately 70
countries worldwide. We report our operations through two segments: North America and International and Other.
In 2016, we made good progress against our strategic objectives, including a focus on our consumer brand engagement
and continued refinement of our mix of marketing investments. These initiatives, as well as improved analytics,
operating efficiencies and new information technology capabilities, strengthened our business model and positioned
the Company for future growth. We continued to generate solid operating cash ﬂow, totaling approximately $1 billion
in 2016, which affords the Company significant financial ﬂexibility. We are also in the process of conducting a
strategic review of our global cost structure that we believe will result in solid gross and earnings before interest and
taxes ("EBIT") margin expansion once executed.
Our 2016 marketplace performance was similar to the slower growth experienced by other consumer packaged goods
("CPG") companies. Additionally, the US. candy, mint and gum ("CMG") category and manufacturers were impacted
by a shorter Easter season and merchandising and display strategies at select customers. For the full year, US. CMG
retail takeaway increased 0.4%, lower than the historical average. Our US. CMG market share performance improved
in the second half of 2016, resulting in full year market share of 31.2%, including barkTHINS, which is approximately
in line with the prior year. For the full year 2016, our US. market share, including CMG, salty snacks, snack bars,
meat snacks, grocery items and barkTHINS, increased approximately 10 basis points.
Our full year 2016 net sales totaled $7,440.2 million, an increase of 0.7% versus $7,3 86.6 million in 2015. Excluding
a 0.7% impact from unfavorable foreign exchange rates, our net sales increased 1.4%. The increase was driven by
higher North America volumes, largely in products supported by increased promotional programming such as NCAA
March Madness, the Summer Olympics and NCAA Football College Game Day, as well as new product innovation
such as Snack Mix, Snack Bites and Hershey’s Cookie Layer Crunch bars. Additionally, our consolidated net sales for
the year ended December 31, 2016 included approximately $35.6 million attributed to barkTHINS. Our full year 2016
net income and earnings per share-diluted (EPS) increased 40.4% and 44.0%, respectively, compared to 2015 results,
which were impacted by significant goodwill impairment charges. Excluding these goodwill impairment charges in
2015 and other items impacting comparability in both periods (as defined in the Non-GAAP Information section of
this MD&A), 2016 adjusted net income increased 4.3%, reﬂecting the benefits from continued productivity and cost
savings initiatives and a lower effective income tax rate, while adjusted BPS-diluted also benefited from recent share
buybacks, increasing a total of 7.0%.
For 2017, we expect net sales growth of approximately 2% to 3%, which includes a 0.5% net benefit from acquisitions
and a 0.25% unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates. Excluding the unfavorable impact from
1 6