In 2016, we established a trading company in Switzerland that performs all aspects of cocoa procurement, including
price risk management, physical supply procurement and sustainable sourcing oversight. The trading company was
implemented to optimize the supply chain for our cocoa requirements, with a strategic focus on gaining real time
access to cocoa market intelligence. It also provides us with the ability to recruit and retain world class commodities
traders and procurement professionals and enables enhanced collaboration with commodities trade groups, the global
cocoa community and sustainable sourcing resources.
We also use substantial quantities of sugar, Class II and IV dairy products, peanuts, almonds and energy in our
production process. Most of these inputs for our domestic and Canadian operations are purchased from suppliers in
the United States. For our international operations, inputs not locally available may be imported from other countries.
We change prices and weights of our products when necessary to accommodate changes in input costs, the competitive
environment and profit objectives, while at the same time maintaining consumer value. Price increases and weight
changes help to offset increases in our input costs, including raw and packaging materials, fuel, utilities, transportation
costs and employee benefits. When we implement price increases, there is usually a time lag between the effective
date of the list price increases and the impact of the price increases on net sales, in part because we typically honor
previous commitments to planned consumer and customer promotions and merchandising events subsequent to the
effective date of the price increases. In addition, promotional allowances may be increased subsequent to the effective
date, delaying or partially offsetting the impact of price increases on net sales.
Competition
Many of our confectionery brands enjoy wide consumer acceptance and are among the leading brands sold in the
marketplace in North America and certain markets in Latin America. We sell our brands in highly competitive markets
with many other global multinational, national, regional and local firms. Some of our competitors are large companies
with significant resources and substantial international operations. Competition in our product categories is based on
product innovation, product quality, price, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing and promotional
activity, the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences, as well as convenience and service. In recent years,
we have also experienced increased competition from other snack items, which has pressured confectionery category
growth.
Working Capital, Seasonality and Backlog
Our sales are typically higher during the third and fourth quarters of the year, representing seasonal and holiday-related
sales patterns. We manufacture primarily for stock and typically fill customer orders within a few days of receipt.
Therefore, the backlog of any unfilled orders is not material to our total annual sales. Additional information relating
to our cash ﬂows from operations and working capital practices is provided in our Management’s Discussion and
Analysis.
Trademarks, Service Marks and License Agreements
We own various registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks. The trademarks covering our key product
brands are of material importance to our business. We follow a practice of seeking trademark protection in the United
States and other key international markets where our products are sold. We also grant trademark licenses to third
parties to produce and sell pantry items, ﬂavored milks and various other products primarily under the Hershey is and
Reese is brand names.
3