THE HERSHEY C OlVIPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)
based on the present value of estimated future cash ﬂows. Considerable management judgment is necessary to
evaluate the impact of operating and macroeconomic changes and to estimate the future cash ﬂows used to measure
fair value. Our estimates of future cash ﬂows consider past performance, current and anticipated market conditions
and internal projections and operating plans which incorporate estimates for sales growth and profitability, and cash
ﬂows associated with taxes and capital spending. Additional assumptions include forecasted growth rates, estimated
discount rates, which may be risk-adjusted for the operating market of the reporting unit, and estimated royalty rates
that would be charged for comparable branded licenses. We believe such assumptions also reﬂect current and
anticipated market conditions and are consistent with those that would be used by other marketplace participants for
similar valuation purposes. Such assumptions are subject to change due to changing economic and competitive
conditions. See Note 3 for additional information regarding the results of impairment tests.
The cost of intangible assets with finite useful lives is amortized on a straight-line basis. Our finite-lived intangible
assets consist primarily of certain trademarks, customer-related intangible assets and patents obtained through business
acquisitions, which are amortized over estimated useful lives of approximately 25 years, 15 years, and 5 years,
respectively. When certain events or changes in operating conditions indicate that the carrying value of these assets
may not be recoverable, we perform an impairment assessment and may adjust the remaining useful lives.
Currency Translation
The financial statements of our foreign entities with functional currencies other than the US. dollar are translated into
US. dollars, with the resulting translation adjustments recorded as a component of other comprehensive income (loss).
Assets and liabilities are translated into US. dollars using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date, while
income and expense items are translated using the average exchange rates during the period.
Derivative Instruments
We use derivative instruments principally to oﬁset exposure to market risks arising from changes in commodity prices,
foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. See Note 5 for additional information on our risk management
strategy and the types of instruments we use.
Derivative instruments are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair values. When we become party to a derivative
instrument and intend to apply hedge accounting, we designate the instrument for financial reporting purposes as a
cash flow or fair value hedge. The accounting for changes in fair value (gains or losses) of a derivative instrument
depends on whether we have designated it and it qualified as part of a hedging relationship, as noted below:
- Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as a cash flow hedge are recorded in accumulated
other comprehensive income (“AOCI”) to the extent effective and reclassified into earnings in the same
period or periods during which the transaction hedged by that derivative also affects earnings.
- Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as a fair value hedge, along with the oﬁfsetting loss
or gain on the hedged asset or liability that is attributable to the risk being hedged, are recorded in earnings,
thereby reﬂecting in earnings the net extent to which the hedge is not effective in achieving offsetting changes
in fair value.
- Changes in the fair value of a derivative not designated as a hedging instrument are recognized in earnings in
cost of sales or SM&A, consistent with the related exposure.
For derivatives designated as hedges, we assess, both at the hedge's inception and on an ongoing basis, whether they
are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash ﬂows of hedged items. The ineﬁective portion, if any,
is recorded directly in earnings. In addition, if we determine that a derivative is not highly eﬁective as a hedge or that
it has ceased to be a highly effective hedge, we discontinue hedge accounting prospectively.
We do not hold or issue derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes and are not a party to any
instruments with leverage or prepayment features.
Cash ﬂows related to the derivative instruments we use to manage interest, commodity or other currency exposures are
classified as operating activities.
5 6