Pension Plans
Changes in certain assumptions could significantly affect pension expense and benefit obligations, particularly the
estimated long-term rate of return on plan assets and the discount rates used to calculate such obligations:
- Long-term rate of return on plan assets. The expected long-term rate of return is evaluated on an annual
basis. We consider a number of factors when setting assumptions with respect to the long-term rate of return,
including current and expected asset allocation and historical and expected returns on the plan asset
categories. Actual asset allocations are regularly reviewed and periodically rebalanced to the targeted
allocations when considered appropriate. Investment gains or losses represent the difference between the
expected return estimated using the long-term rate of return and the actual return realized. For 2017, we
reduced the expected return on plan assets assumption to 5.8% from the 6.1% assumption used during 2016,
reﬂecting lower expected long-term returns due to slowing growth in developed and emerging markets. The
historical average return (compounded annually) over the 20 years prior to December 31, 2016 was
approximately 6.5%.
As of December 31, 2016, our primary plans had cumulative unrecognized investment and actuarial losses of
approximately $418 million. We amortize the unrecognized net actuarial gains and losses in excess of the
corridor amount, which is the greater of 10% of a respective plan’s projected benefit obligation or the fair
market value of plan assets. These unrecognized net losses may increase future pension expense if not oﬁfset
by (i) actual investment returns that exceed the expected long-term rate of investment returns, (ii) other
factors, including reduced pension liabilities arising from higher discount rates used to calculate pension
obligations or (iii) other actuarial gains when actual plan experience is favorable as compared to the assumed
experience. A 100 basis point decrease or increase in the long-term rate of return on pension assets would
correspondingly increase or decrease annual net periodic pension benefit expense by approximately $10
million.
- Discount rate. The discount rate used to determine the present value of our future pension obligation at
December 31, 2016 was based on a yield curve constructed from a portfolio of high-quality corporate debt
securities for which the timing and amount of cash ﬂows approximate the estimated benefit payments of the
plans. The plans’ expected cash ﬂows are then discounted by the resulting year-by-year spot rates. A 100
basis point decline in the weighted-average pension discount rate would increase annual net periodic pension
benefit expense by approximately $7 million and the December 31, 2016 pension liability would increase by
approximately $97 million.
Pension expense for defined benefit pension plans is estimated to approximate $35 million in 2017. Pension expense
beyond 2017 will depend on future investment performance, our contributions to the pension trusts, changes in
discount rates and various other factors related to the covered employees in the plans.
Other Post-Employment Beneﬁt Plans
Changes in significant assumptions could aﬁect consolidated expense and benefit obligations, particularly the discount
rates used to calculate such obligations and the healthcare cost trend rate:
- Discount rate. The determination of the discount rate used to calculate the benefit obligations of the OPEB
plans is discussed in the pension plans section above. If the discount rate assumption for these plans was
reduced by 100 basis points, the impact to the OPEB plans consolidated expense would not be material and
the increase in the December 31, 2016 benefit liability would be approximately $27 million.
- Healthcare cost trend rate. The healthcare cost trend rate is based on a combination of inputs including our
recent claims history and insights from external advisers regarding recent developments in the healthcare
marketplace, as well as projections of future trends in the marketplace. See Note 9 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for disclosure of the effects of a one percentage point change in the healthcare cost trend
rate.
38