Changes in financial market conditions may make it difficult to access credit markets on commercially acceptable
terms, which may reduce liquidity or increase borrowing costs for our Company, our customers and our suppliers. A
significant reduction in liquidity could increase counterparty risk associated with certain suppliers and service
providers, resulting in disruption to our supply chain and/or higher costs, and could impact our customers, resulting in
a reduction in our revenue, or a possible increase in bad debt expense.
Our international operations may not achieve projected growth objectives, which could adversely impact our overall
business and results of operations.
In 2016, we derived approximately 17% of our net sales from customers located outside of the United States,
compared to 17% in 2015 and 19% in 2014. Additionally, approximately 30% of our total long-lived assets were
located outside of the United States as of December 31, 2016. As part of our strategy, we have made investments
outside of the United States, particularly in China, Malaysia, Mexico and Brazil. As a result, we are subject to risks
and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations, including:
o Unforeseen global economic and environmental changes resulting in business interruption, supply
constraints, inﬂation, deﬂation or decreased demand;
0 Inability to establish, develop and achieve market acceptance of our global brands in international markets;
0 Difficulties and costs associated with compliance and enforcement of remedies under a wide variety of
complex laws, treaties and regulations;
0 Unexpected changes in regulatory environments;
0 Political and economic instability, including the possibility of civil unrest, terrorism, mass violence or armed
conﬂict;
0 Nationalization of our properties by foreign governments;
0 Tax rates that may exceed those in the United States and earnings that may be subject to withholding
requirements and incremental taxes upon repatriation;
o Potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws;
0 The imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, other trade protection measures and import or export
licensing requirements;
0 Increased costs, disruptions in shipping or reduced availability of freight transportation;
0 The impact of currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations between the US. dollar and foreign currencies;
0 Failure to gain sufficient profitable scale in certain international markets resulting in an inability to cover
manufacturing fixed costs or resulting in losses from impairment or sale of assets; and
0 Failure to recruit, retain and build a talented and engaged global workforce.
If we are not able to achieve our projected international growth objectives and mitigate the numerous risks and
uncertainties associated with our international operations, there could be a negative impact on our financial condition
and results of operations.
Disruptions, failures or security breaches of our information technology infrastructure could have a negative
impact on our operations.
Information technology is critically important to our business operations. We use information technology to manage
all business processes including manufacturing, financial, logistics, sales, marketing and administrative functions.
These processes collect, interpret and distribute business data and communicate internally and externally with
employees, suppliers, customers and others.
We invest in industry standard security technology to protect the Company’s data and business processes against risk
of data security breach and cyber attack. Our data security management program includes identity, trust, vulnerability
and threat management business processes as well as adoption of standard data protection policies. We measure our
data security effectiveness through industry accepted methods and remediate significant findings. Additionally, we
certify our major technology suppliers and any outsourced services through accepted security certification standards.
We maintain and routinely test backup systems and disaster recovery, along with external network security penetration
testing by an independent third party as part of our business continuity preparedness. We also have processes in place
to prevent disruptions resulting from the implementation of new software and systems of the latest technology.
9