THE HERSHEY C OlVIPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)
Reclassiﬁcations
Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. Specifically, this includes
amounts reclassified to conform to the current year presentation in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No.
2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in
accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers that supersedes most current revenue recognition
guidance. This guidance requires an entity to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to
customers in an amount that reﬂects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those
goods or services. The guidance also requires additional financial statement disclosures that will enable users to
understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash ﬂows relating to customer contracts. The
new standard was originally effective for us on January 1, 2017; however, in July 2015 the FASB decided to defer the
effective date by one year. Early application is not permitted, but reporting entities may choose to adopt the standard as
of the original effective date. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative eﬁect transition
method.
In 2016, we continued our assessment of the new standard with a focus on identifying the performance obligations
included within our revenue arrangements with customers and evaluating our methods of estimating the amount and
timing of variable consideration. Based on our assessment to date, we do not currently expect adoption of the new
standard to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. We currently plan to adopt the
requirements of the new standard in the first quarter of 20 1 8 utilizing the cumulative effect transition method. We are
continuing our assessment, which may identify other impacts.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). This ASU will require lessees to recognize
a right-of-use asset and lease liability for all leases with terms of more than 12 months. Recognition, measurement and
presentation of expenses will depend on classification as a finance or operating lease. This ASU also requires certain
quantitative and qualitative disclosures. Accounting guidance for lessors is largely unchanged. The amendments
should be applied on a modified retrospective basis. ASU 2016-02 is effective for us beginning January 1, 2019. We
are in the process of developing an inventory of our lease arrangements in order to determine the impact that the
adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. Based on our
assessment to date, we expect adoption of this standard to result in a material increase in lease-related assets and
liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets; however, we do not expect it to have a significant impact on our
consolidated statements of income or cash ﬂows.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation—Stock Compensation (Topic 718) : Improvements
to Employee Share-Based PaymentAccounting. This ASU is part of the FASB'S simplification initiative. The areas for
simplification in this ASU involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including
the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement
of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is eﬁective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods
within those annual periods, with early adoption permitted. We are adopting this statement effective January 1, 2017
and we expect the revised classification of excess tax benefits to have a favorable impact on our 2017 net income. We
do not expect it to have a significant impact on our consolidated balance sheets or statements of cash flows.
No other new accounting pronouncement issued or effective during the fiscal year had or is expected to have a
material impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures.
57