While we believe that our security technology and processes provide adequate measures of protection against security
breaches and in reducing cybersecurity risks, disruptions in or failures of information technology systems are possible
and could have a negative impact on our operations or business reputation. Failure of our systems, including failures
due to cyber attacks that would prevent the ability of systems to function as intended, could cause transaction errors,
loss of customers and sales, and could have negative consequences to our Company, our employees and those with
whom we do business.
We might not be able to hire, engage and retain the talented global workforce we need to drive our growth
strategies.
Our future success depends upon our ability to identify, hire, develop, engage and retain talented personnel across the
globe. Competition for global talent is intense, and we might not be able to identify and hire the personnel we need to
continue to evolve and grow our business. In particular, if we are unable to hire the right individuals to fill new or
existing senior management positions as vacancies arise, our business performance may be impacted.
Activities related to identifying, recruiting, hiring and integrating qualified individuals require significant time and
attention. We may also need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract talented new employees, and we
may never realize returns on these investments.
In addition to hiring new employees, we must continue to focus on retaining and engaging the talented individuals we
need to sustain our core business and lead our developing businesses into new markets, channels and categories. This
may require significant investments in training, coaching and other career development and retention activities. If we
are not able to effectively retain and grow our talent, our ability to achieve our strategic objectives will be adversely
affected, which may impact our financial condition and results of operations.
We may not fully realize the expected costs savings and/or operating eﬂ‘iciencies associated with our strategic
initiatives or restructuring programs, which may have an adverse impact on our business.
We depend on our ability to evolve and grow, and as changes in our business environment occur, we may adjust our
business plans by introducing new strategic initiatives or restructuring programs to meet these changes. From time to
time, we implement business realignment activities to support key strategic initiatives designed to maintain long-term
sustainable growth, such as the production and supply chain network optimization program we commenced in the
second quarter of 20 16. These programs are intended to increase our operating effectiveness and efficiency, to reduce
our costs and/or to generate savings that can be reinvested in other areas of our business. We cannot guarantee that we
will be able to successfully implement these strategic initiatives and restructuring programs, that we will achieve or
sustain the intended benefits under these programs, or that the benefits, even if achieved, will be adequate to meet our
long-term growth and profitability expectations, which could in turn adversely affect our business.
Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
1 0