Item 2. PROPERTIES
Our principal properties include the following:
Status
(Own/
7 Country 7 7 Location 7 7 Type 7 7 Lease) 7
United States Hershey, Pennsylvania Manufacturing:confectionery products and pantry items Own
(2 principal plants)
Lancaster, Pennsylvania Manufacturing:confectionery products Own
Robinson, Illinois Manufacturing:confectionery products, and pantry items Own
Stuarts Draft, Virginia Manufacturing:confectionery products and pantry items Own
Edwardsville, Illinois Distribution Own
Palmyra, Pennsylvania Distribution Own
Ogden, Utah Distribution Own
Canada Brantford, Ontario Distribution Own“)
Mexico Monterrey, Mexico Manufacturing:confectionery products Own
China Shanghai, China Manufacturing:confectionery products Own
Malaysia J ohor, Malaysia Manufacturing:confectionery products Own
(1) We have an agreement with the F errero Group for the use of a warehouse and distribution facility of which the Company
has been deemed to be the owner for accounting purposes.
In addition to the locations indicated above, we also own or lease several other properties and buildings worldwide
which we use for manufacturing, sales, distribution and administrative functions. Our facilities are well maintained
and generally have adequate capacity to accommodate seasonal demands, changing product mixes and certain
additional growth. We continually improve our facilities to incorporate the latest technologies. The largest facilities
are located in Hershey and Lancaster, Pennsylvania; Monterrey, Mexico; and Stuarts Draft, Virginia. The US,
Canada and Mexico facilities in the table above primarily support our North America segment, while the China and
Malaysia facilities primarily serve our International and Other segment. As discussed in Note 11 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, we do not manage our assets on a segment basis given the integration of certain manufacturing,
warehousing, distribution and other activities in support of our global operations.
Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Company is subject to certain legal proceedings and claims arising out of the ordinary course of our business,
which cover a wide range of matters including trade regulation, product liability, advertising, contracts, environmental
issues, patent and trademark matters, labor and employment matters and tax. While it is not feasible to predict or
determine the outcome of such proceedings and claims with certainty, in our opinion these matters, both individually
and in the aggregate, are not expected to have a material eﬁect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash
ﬂows.
Item 4. MINE SAFE TY DISCLOS URES
Not applicable.
1 1