2015 compared with 2014
Net income decreased $333.9 million, or 39.4%, while BPS-diluted decreased $1.45, or 38.5%, in 2015 compared with
2014. The decreases in both net income and BPS-diluted were driven by the goodwill impairment charges, higher
SM&A costs related to acquisitions and higher business realignment costs, as noted above. Our 2015 BPS-diluted
benefited from lower weighted-average shares outstanding as a result of share repurchases pursuant to our Board-
approved repurchase programs.
On a non-GAAP basis, net income increased $13.8 million in 2015, or 1.5%, and BPS-diluted increased $0.14, or
3.5%, as compared with 2014. The increases in 2015 non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP BPS-diluted were
primarily driven by gross margin expansion and lower net interest expense.
SEGMENT RESULTS
The summary that follows provides a discussion of the results of operations of our two reportable segments: North
America and International and Other. The segments reﬂect our operations on a geographic basis. For segment
reporting purposes, we use “segment income” to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. Segment
income excludes unallocated general corporate administrative expenses, unallocated mark-to-market gains and losses
on commodity derivatives, business realignment and impairment charges, acquisition integration costs, NSRPE(I) and
other unusual gains or losses that are not part of our measurement of segment performance. These items of our
operating income are largely managed centrally at the corporate level and are excluded from the measure of segment
income reviewed by the CODM and used for resource allocation and internal management reporting and performance
evaluation. Segment income and segment income margin, which are presented in the segment discussion that follows,
are non-GAAP measures and do not purport to be alternatives to operating income as a measure of operating
performance. We believe that these measures are useful to investors and other users of our financial information in
evaluating ongoing operating profitability as well as in evaluating operating performance in relation to our
competitors, as they exclude the activities that are not integral to our ongoing operations. For further information, see
the Non-GAAP Information section of this MD&A.
28