THE HERSHEY C OlVIPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)
$2,791 at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The change in fair value on these instruments is
recorded directly in cost of sales or selling, marketing and administrative expense, depending on the nature of the
underlying exposure.
Interest Rate Risk
In order to manage interest rate exposure, from time to time we enter into interest rate swap agreements to protect
against unfavorable interest rate changes relating to forecasted debt transactions. These swaps are designated as cash
ﬂow hedges, with gains and losses deferred in other comprehensive income to be recognized as an adjustment to
interest expense in the same period that the hedged interest payments affect earnings. We had one interest rate swap
agreement in a cash ﬂow hedging relationship with a notional amount of $500,000 at December 31, 2015. This
interest rate swap agreement was settled in connection with the issuance of debt in August 2016, resulting in a
payment of approximately $87,000 which is reﬂected as an operating cash ﬂow within the Consolidated Statement of
Cash Flows.
We also manage our targeted mix of fixed and ﬂoating rate debt with debt issuances and by entering into fixed-t0-
ﬂoating interest rate swaps in order to mitigate ﬂuctuations in earnings and cash ﬂows that may result from interest
rate volatility. These swaps are designated as fair value hedges, for which the gain or loss on the derivative and the
offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item are recognized in current earnings as interest expense (income), net. We had
one interest rate derivative instrument in a fair value hedging relationship with a notional amount of $350,000 at
December 31, 2016 and 2015.
Equity Price Risk
We are exposed to market price changes in certain broad market indices related to our deferred compensation
obligations to our employees. To mitigate this risk, we use equity swap contracts to hedge the portion of the exposure
that is linked to market-level equity returns. These contracts are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes and
are entered into for periods of 3 to 12 months. The change in fair value of these derivatives is recorded in selling,
marketing and administrative expense, together with the change in the related liabilities. The notional amount of the
contracts outstanding at December 31, 2016 was $22,099.
66