RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Hershey Company is responsible for the financial statements and other financial information contained in this
report. We believe that the financial statements have been prepared in conformity with US. generally accepted
accounting principles appropriate under the circumstances to reﬂect in all material respects the substance of applicable
events and transactions. In preparing the financial statements, it is necessary that management make informed
estimates and judgments. The other financial information in this annual report is consistent with the financial
statements.
We maintain a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that financial records
are reliable for purposes of preparing financial statements and that assets are properly accounted for and safeguarded.
The concept of reasonable assurance is based on the recognition that the cost of the system must be related to the
benefits to be derived. We believe our system provides an appropriate balance in this regard. We maintain an Internal
Audit Department which reviews the adequacy and tests the application of internal accounting controls.
The 2016, 2015 and 2014 financial statements have been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public
accounting firm. KPMG LLP's report on our financial statements and internal controls over financial reporting is
included herein.
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company, consisting solely of independent, non-management
directors, meets regularly with the independent auditors, internal auditors and management to discuss, among other
things, the audit scope and results. KPMG LLP and the internal auditors both have full and free access to the Audit
Committee, with and without the presence of management.
/s/ JOHN P. BILBREY /s/ PATRICIA A. LITTLE
John P. Bilbrey Patricia A. Little
Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Executive Ofﬁcer) (Principal Financial Ofﬁcer)
45