REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board of Directors and Stockholders
The Hershey Company:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Hershey Company and subsidiaries (the
“Company”) as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive
income, cash ﬂows and stockholders’ equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2016.
In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the related consolidated
financial statement schedule. We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013 edition) issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company’s management is
responsible for these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining eﬁective
internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the eﬁectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule,
and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial
reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinions.
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have
a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of The Hershey Company and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of
their operations and their cash ﬂows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2016, in
conformity with US. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related consolidated financial
statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole,
presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
46