THE HERSHEY C OlVIPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)
Competent Authority of the likely need for their assistance to resolve the adjustments for 2007 through 2012.
Accordingly, as of December 31, 2016, we recorded a non-current receivable of approximately $1,449 associated with
the anticipated resolution of the adjustments by the Competent Authority of each country. In the fourth quarter of
2016, the CRA commenced its audit of our Canadian income tax returns for 2014 through May 2015.
We are no longer subject to Chinese federal income tax examinations by the China State Administration of Taxation
("China SAT") for years before 2011. We are no longer subject to Mexican federal income tax examinations by the
Servicio de Administracion Tributaria (“Mexico SAT”) for years before 2010. We work with the IRS, the CRA, the
China SAT and the Mexico SAT to resolve proposed audit adjustments and to minimize the amount of adjustments.
We do not anticipate that any potential tax adjustments will have a significant impact on our financial position or
results of operations.
We reasonably expect reductions in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits of approximately $4,160 within the next
12 months because of the expiration of statutes of limitations and settlements of tax audits.
As of December 31, 2016, we had approximately $291,387 of undistributed earnings of our international subsidiaries.
We intend to continue to reinvest earnings outside the United States for the foreseeable future and, therefore, have not
recognized any US tax expense on these earnings. It is not practicable for us to determine the amount of
unrecognized US tax expense on these reinvested international earnings.
Investments in Partnerships Qualifying for Tax Credits
In 2016, we continued to invest in partnerships which make equity investments in projects eligible to receive federal
historic and energy tax credits. The investments are accounted for under the equity method and reported within other
assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The tax credits, when realized, are recognized as a reduction of tax
expense, at which time the corresponding equity investment is written-down to reﬂect the remaining value of the
future benefits to be realized. For the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, we recognized investment tax credits
and related outside basis diﬁerence benefit totaling $52,342 and $43,437, respectively, and we wrote-down the equity
investment by $43,482 and $39,489, respectively, to reﬂect the realization of these benefits. The equity investment
write-down is reﬂected within other (income) expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
9. PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS
We sponsor a number of defined benefit pension plans. The primary plans are The Hershey Company Retirement Plan
and The Hershey Company Retirement Plan for Hourly Employees. These are cash balance plans that provide pension
benefits for most domestic employees hired prior to January 1, 2007. We also sponsor two post-retirement benefit
plans: health care and life insurance. The health care plan is contributory, with participants’ contributions adjusted
annually. The life insurance plan is non-contributory.
75