Item 1A. RISK FACTORS
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form lO-K, including the exhibits hereto and the information incorporated by reference herein,
contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Other than statements of historical fact, information regarding activities, events and developments that we expect or
anticipate will or may occur in the future, including, but not limited to, information relating to our future growth and
profitability targets and strategies designed to increase total shareholder value, are forward-looking statements based
on management’s estimates, assumptions and projections. Forward-looking statements also include, but are not
limited to, statements regarding our future economic and financial condition and results of operations, the plans and
objectives of management and our assumptions regarding our performance and such plans and objectives. Many of
the forward-looking statements contained in this document may be identified by the use of words such as “intend,”
“believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “should,” “planned,” “projected,” “estimated” and “potential,” among others.
Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are predictions only and actual results
could differ materially from management’s expectations due to a variety of factors, including those described below.
All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons working on our behalf are expressly qualified in their
entirety by such risk factors. The forward-looking statements that we make in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are
based on management’s current views and assumptions regarding future events and speak only as of their dates. We
assume no obligation to update developments of these risk factors or to announce publicly any revisions to any of the
forward-looking statements that we make, or to make corrections to reﬂect future events or developments, except as
required by the federal securities laws.
Issues or concerns related to the quality and safety of our products, ingredients or packaging could cause a product
recall and/or result in harm to the Company’s reputation, negatively impacting our operating results.
In order to sell our iconic, branded products, we need to maintain a good reputation with our customers and
consumers. Issues related to the quality and safety of our products, ingredients or packaging could jeopardize our
Company’s image and reputation. Negative publicity related to these types of concerns, or related to product
contamination or product tampering, whether valid or not, could decrease demand for our products or cause production
and delivery disruptions. We may need to recall products if any of our products become unfit for consumption. In
addition, we could potentially be subject to litigation or government actions, which could result in payments of fines or
damages. Costs associated with these potential actions could negatively affect our operating results.
Increases in raw material and energy costs along with the availability of adequate supplies of raw materials could
aﬂect future ﬁnancial results.
We use many diﬁerent commodities for our business, including cocoa products, sugar, dairy products, peanuts,
almonds, corn sweeteners, natural gas and fuel oil.
Commodities are subject to price volatility and changes in supply caused by numerous factors, including:
o Commodity market ﬂuctuations;
0 Currency exchange rates;
0 Imbalances between supply and demand;
0 The effect of weather on crop yield;
0 Speculative inﬂuences;
0 Trade agreements among producing and consuming nations;
0 Supplier compliance with commitments;
0 Political unrest in producing countries; and
0 Changes in governmental agricultural programs and energy policies.
6