Disruption to our manufacturing operations or supply chain could impair our ability to produce or deliver ﬁnished
products, resulting in a negative impact on our operating results.
Approximately two-thirds of our manufacturing capacity is located in the United States. Disruption to our global
manufacturing operations or our supply chain could result from, among other factors, the following:
0 Natural disaster;
0 Pandemic outbreak of disease;
0 Weather;
0 Fire or explosion;
0 Terrorism or other acts of violence;
0 Labor strikes or other labor activities;
0 Unavailability of raw or packaging materials; and
0 Operational and/or financial instability of key suppliers, and other vendors or service providers.
We believe that we take adequate precautions to mitigate the impact of possible disruptions. We have strategies and
plans in place to manage disruptive events if they were to occur, including our global supply chain strategies and our
principle-based global labor relations strategy. If we are unable, or find that it is not financially feasible, to effectively
plan for or mitigate the potential impacts of such disruptive events on our manufacturing operations or supply chain,
our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted if such events were to occur.
Our financial results may be adversely impacted by the failure to successfully execute or integrate acquisitions,
divestitures and joint ventures.
From time to time, we may evaluate potential acquisitions, divestitures or joint ventures that align with our strategic
objectives. The success of such activity depends, in part, upon our ability to identify suitable buyers, sellers or
business partners; perform effective assessments prior to contract execution; negotiate contract terms; and, if
applicable, obtain government approval. These activities may present certain financial, managerial, staffing and talent,
and operational risks, including diversion of management’s attention from existing core businesses; difficulties
integrating or separating businesses from existing operations; and challenges presented by acquisitions or joint
ventures which may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. If the acquisitions,
divestitures or joint ventures are not successfully implemented or completed, there could be a negative impact on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash ﬂows.
During 2016, we successfully completed the SGM integration. However, additional challenges remain, including
challenges associated with the macroeconomic environment in China, which could aﬁect our strategy and could have a
negative impact on the results of operations and cash ﬂows of our International and Other reportable segment.
Changes in governmental laws and regulations could increase our costs and liabilities or impact demand for our
products.
Changes in laws and regulations and the manner in which they are interpreted or applied may alter our business
environment. These negative impacts could result from changes in food and drug laws, laws related to advertising and
marketing practices, accounting standards, taxation requirements, competition laws, employment laws and
environmental laws, among others. It is possible that we could become subject to additional liabilities in the future
resulting from changes in laws and regulations that could result in an adverse eﬁect on our financial condition and
results of operations.
Political, economic and/or ﬁnancial market conditions could negatively impact our ﬁnancial results.
Our operations are impacted by consumer spending levels and impulse purchases which are affected by general
macroeconomic conditions, consumer confidence, employment levels, the availability of consumer credit and interest
rates on that credit, consumer debt levels, energy costs and other factors. Volatility in food and energy costs, sustained
global recessions, rising unemployment and declines in personal spending could adversely impact our revenues,
profitability and financial condition.
8