Although we use forward contracts and commodity futures and options contracts where possible to hedge commodity
prices, commodity price increases ultimately result in corresponding increases in our raw material and energy costs. If
we are unable to offset cost increases for major raw materials and energy, there could be a negative impact on our
financial condition and results of operations.
Price increases may not be suﬂicient to ofﬂset cost increases and maintain proﬁtability or may result in sales
volume declines associated with pricing elasticity.
We may be able to pass some or all raw material, energy and other input cost increases to customers by increasing the
selling prices of our products or decreasing the size of our products, however, higher product prices or decreased
product sizes may also result in a reduction in sales volume and/or consumption. If we are not able to increase our
selling prices or reduce product sizes suﬁiciently, or in a timely manner, to offset increased raw material, energy or
other input costs, including packaging, direct labor, overhead and employee benefits, or if our sales volume decreases
significantly, there could be a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
Market demand for new and existing products could decline.
We operate in highly competitive markets and rely on continued demand for our products. To generate revenues and
profits, we must sell products that appeal to our customers and to consumers. Our continued success is impacted by
many factors, including the following:
0 Effective retail execution;
0 Appropriate advertising campaigns and marketing programs;
0 Our ability to secure adequate shelf space at retail locations;
0 Our ability to drive sustainable innovation and maintain a strong pipeline of new products in the
confectionery and broader snacking categories;
0 Changes in product category consumption;
0 Our response to consumer demographics and trends, including but not limited to, trends relating to store
trips and the impact of the growing e-commerce channel; and
0 Consumer health concerns, including obesity and the consumption of certain ingredients.
There continues to be competitive product and pricing pressures in the markets where we operate, as well as
challenges in maintaining profit margins. We must maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our key customers,
including retailers and distributors, to compete effectively. Our largest customer, McLane Company, Inc., accounted
for approximately 25% of our total net sales in 2016. McLane Company, Inc. is one of the largest wholesale
distributors in the United States to convenience stores, drug stores, wholesale clubs and mass merchandisers, including
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
Increased marketplace competition could hurt our business.
The global confectionery packaged goods industry is intensely competitive and consolidation in this industry
continues. Some of our competitors are large companies that have significant resources and substantial international
operations. We continue to experience increased levels of in-store activity for other snack items, which has pressured
confectionery category growth. In order to protect our existing market share or capture increased market share in this
highly competitive retail environment, we may be required to increase expenditures for promotions and advertising,
and must continue to introduce and establish new products. Due to inherent risks in the marketplace associated with
advertising and new product introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance, increased
expenditures may not prove successful in maintaining or enhancing our market share and could result in lower sales
and profits. In addition, we may incur increased credit and other business risks because we operate in a highly
competitive retail environment.
7