Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT [WARKE T RISK
We use certain derivative instruments to manage our interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price
risks. We monitor and manage these exposures as part of our overall risk management program.
We enter into interest rate swap agreements and foreign currency forward exchange contracts and options for periods
consistent with related underlying exposures. We enter into commodities futures and options contracts and other
derivative instruments for varying periods. These commodity derivative instruments are intended to be, and are
effective as, economic hedges of market price risks associated with anticipated raw material purchases, energy
requirements and transportation costs. We do not hold or issue derivative instruments for trading purposes and are not
a party to any instruments with leverage or prepayment features.
In entering into these contracts, we have assumed the risk that might arise from the possible inability of counterparties
to meet the terms of their contracts. We mitigate this risk by entering into exchange-traded contracts with collateral
posting requirements and/or by performing financial assessments prior to contract execution, conducting periodic
evaluations of counterparty performance and maintaining a diverse portfolio of qualified counterparties. We do not
expect any significant losses from counterparty defaults.
Refer to Note 1 and Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of these derivative
instruments and our hedging policies.
Interest Rate Risk
In order to manage interest rate exposure, we may periodically enter into interest rate swap agreements including
fixed-to-ﬂoating interest rate swaps to achieve a desired proportion of variable versus fixed rate debt based on current
and projected market conditions and forward starting interest rate swap agreements to reduce interest volatility
associated with certain anticipated debt issues. When utilized, the notional amount, interest payment and maturity date
of these swaps generally match the principal, interest payment and maturity date of the related debt, and the swaps are
valued using observable benchmark rates.
The total notional amount of interest rate swaps outstanding at December 31, 2016 and 2015 was $350 million and
$850 million, respectively. We had one forward starting interest rate swap agreement in a cash ﬂow hedging
relationship with a notional amount of $500 million at December 31, 2015. This interest rate swap agreement was
settled in connection with the issuance of debt in August 2016, resulting in a payment of approximately $87 million
which is reﬂected within operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The notional amount at
December 31, 2016 and 2015 includes $350 million of fixed-to-ﬂoating interest rate swaps that convert a comparable
amount of fixed-rate debt to variable-rate debt. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates applied to this
now variable-rate debt as of December 31, 2016 would have increased interest expense by approximately $3.6 million
for the full year 2016 and 2015, respectively.
We consider our current risk related to market ﬂuctuations in interest rates on our remaining debt portfolio, excluding
fixed-rate debt converted to variable rates with fixed-to-ﬂoating instruments, to be minimal since this debt is largely
long-term and fixed-rate in nature. Generally, the fair market value of fixed-rate debt will increase as interest rates fall
and decrease as interest rates rise. A 100 basis point increase in market interest rates would decrease the fair value of
our fixed-rate long-term debt at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 by approximately $142 million and $76
million, respectively. However, since we currently have no plans to repurchase our outstanding fixed-rate instruments
before their maturities, the impact of market interest rate ﬂuctuations on our long-term debt does not affect our results
of operations or financial position.
Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk
We are exposed to currency ﬂuctuations related to manufacturing or selling products in currencies other than the US.
dollar. We may enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts and options to reduce ﬂuctuations in our long
or short currency positions relating primarily to purchase commitments or forecasted purchases for equipment, raw
materials and finished goods denominated in foreign currencies. We also may hedge payment of forecasted
intercompany transactions with our subsidiaries outside of the United States. We generally hedge foreign currency
price risks for periods from 3 to 12 months.
4 1