We maintain debt levels we consider prudent based on our cash ﬂow, interest coverage ratio and percentage of debt to
capital. We use debt financing to lower our overall cost of capital which increases our return on stockholders’ equity.
Our total debt was $3.0 billion at December 31, 2016 and $2.4 billion at December 31, 2015. Our total debt increased
in 2016 mainly due to the additional debt issued mid-year to repay commercial paper that had been used to fund the
Ripple Brand Collective, LLC acquisition in April 2016.
As a source of short-term financing, we maintain a $1.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, with an option to
increase borrowings by an additional $400 million with the consent of the lenders. As of December 31, 2016, the
termination date of this agreement is November 2020. We may use these funds for general corporate purposes,
including commercial paper backstop and business acquisitions. As of December 31, 2016, we had $526 million of
available capacity under the agreement. The unsecured revolving credit agreement contains certain financial and other
covenants, customary representations, warranties and events of default. We were in compliance with all covenants as
of December 31, 2016.
In addition to the revolving credit facility, we maintain lines of credit in various currencies with domestic and
international commercial banks. As of December 31, 2016, we had available capacity of $345.4 million under these
lines of credit.
Furthermore, we have a current shelf registration statement filed with the SEC that allows for the issuance of an
indeterminate amount of debt securities. Proceeds from the debt issuances and any other oﬁerings under the current
registration statement may be used for general corporate requirements, including reducing existing borrowings,
financing capital additions and funding contributions to our pension plans, future business acquisitions and working
capital requirements.
Our ability to obtain debt financing at comparable risk-based interest rates is partly a function of our existing cash—
ﬂow—to-debt and debt-to-capitalization levels as well as our current credit standing.
We believe that our existing sources of liquidity are adequate to meet anticipated funding needs at comparable risk-
based interest rates for the foreseeable future. Acquisition spending and/or share repurchases could potentially
increase our debt. Operating cash ﬂow and access to capital markets are expected to satisfy our various cash ﬂow
requirements, including acquisitions and capital expenditures.
Equity Structure
We have two classes of stock outstanding —- Common Stock and Class B Stock. Holders of the Common Stock and the
Class B Stock generally vote together without regard to class on matters submitted to stockholders, including the
election of directors. Holders of the Common Stock have 1 vote per share. Holders of the Class B Stock have 10
votes per share. Holders of the Common Stock, voting separately as a class, are entitled to elect one-sixth of our
Board. With respect to dividend rights, holders of the Common Stock are entitled to cash dividends 10% higher than
those declared and paid on the Class B Stock.
Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the trust established by Milton S. and Catherine S. Hershey that has as its sole
beneficiary Milton Hershey School (such trust, the "Milton Hershey School Trust"), maintains voting control over The
Hershey Company. In addition, a representative of Hershey Trust Company currently serves as a member of the
Company's Board. In performing his responsibilities on the Company’s Board, this representative may from time to
time exercise inﬂuence with regard to the ongoing business decisions of our Board or management. Hershey Trust
Company, as trustee for the Milton Hershey School Trust, in its role as controlling stockholder of the Company, has
indicated it intends to retain its controlling interest in The Hershey Company. The Company's Board, and not the
Hershey Trust Company board, is solely responsible and accountable for the Company’s management and
performance.
Pennsylvania law requires that the Office of Attorney General be provided advance notice of any transaction that
would result in Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the Milton Hershey School Trust, no longer having voting
control of the Company. The law provides specific statutory authority for the Attorney General to intercede and
petition the court having jurisdiction over Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the Milton Hershey School Trust, to
stop such a transaction if the Attorney General can prove that the transaction is unnecessary for the future economic
viability of the Company and is inconsistent with investment and management considerations under fiduciary
35