foreign currency exchange rates, our net sales are expected to increase approximately 2.25% to 3.25%. Our focus is
on the continued rollout of Hershey’s Cookie Layer Crunch bars, barkTHINS chocolate distribution gains and other
new products such as Reese ’S Crunchers candy and Krave meat bars and sticks. We anticipate that these investments
and related consumer marketing plans will accelerate our North America sales growth versus 2016 performance, which
should enable us to outpace the broader food group in this challenging operating environment. Our previously
discussed productivity and cost savings programs are on track, and we will continue to focus on reducing non-essential
spending going into 2017. Additionally, our effective tax rate is expected to be favorable versus 2016 driven by a
favorable international tax mix, tax credits and other incentives, and the adoption of Accounting Standards Update
2016-09, Compensation—Stock Compensation (Topic 718) : Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting. As a result, we expect full year 2017 reported BPS-diluted, prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"), to improve and be in the $4.54 to $4.65
range. From a non-GAAP perspective, we currently expect 2017 adjusted BPS-diluted to increase approximately 7%
to 9% and to be in the $4.72 to $4.81 range. A reconciliation of reported to adjusted projections for 2017 are reﬂected
in the non-GAAP reconciliations that follow.
NON-GAAP INFORMATION
The comparability of certain of our financial measures is impacted by unallocated mark-to-market losses on
commodity derivatives, costs associated with business realignment activities, costs relating to the integration of
acquisitions, non-service related components of our pension expense (income) ("NSRPE(I)"), goodwill and other
intangible asset impairment charges, settlement of the SGM liability in conjunction with the purchase of the remaining
20% of the outstanding shares of SGM, the gain realized on the sale of a trademark, costs associated with the early
extinguishment of debt and other non-recurring gains and losses.
To provide additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present performance, we use
non-GAAP financial measures within MD&A that exclude the financial impact of these activities. These non-GAAP
financial measures are used internally by management in evaluating results of operations and determining incentive
compensation, and in assessing the impact of known trends and uncertainties on our business, but they are not intended
to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial
measures referenced in MD&A to their nearest comparable GAAP financial measures as presented in the Consolidated
Statements of Income is provided below.
17