Furthermore, we have rights under license agreements with several companies to manufacture and/or sell and
distribute certain products. Our rights under these agreements are extendible on a long-term basis at our option. Our
most significant licensing agreements are as follows:
7 Company Brand Location Requirements 7
Kraft Foods Ireland Intellectual Property York -
Limited Peter Paul Almond Joy Worldw1de None
Peter Paul Mounds
. O . Minimum sales
Cadbury UK L1m1ted um}! Un1ted States requlrement
Gamme 0 exceeded in 2016
. Minimum unit
Société des Produits Nestle SA Kn" Kat® United States volume sales
R010® .
exceeded 1n 2016
Good & Plenty
Heath
.. . . . Jolly Rancher -
Huhtamakl Oy aff111ate Milk Duds Worldw1de None
Payday
7 Whoppers 7
Research and Development
We engage in a variety of research and development activities in a number of countries, including the United States,
Mexico, Brazil, India and China. We develop new products, improve the quality of existing products, improve and
modernize production processes, and develop and implement new technologies to enhance the quality and value of
both current and proposed product lines. Information concerning our research and development expense is contained
in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Food Quality and Safety Regulation
The manufacture and sale of consumer food products is highly regulated. In the United States, our activities are
subject to regulation by various government agencies, including the Food and Drug Administration, the Department of
Agriculture, the Federal Trade Commission, the Department of Commerce and the Environmental Protection Agency,
as well as various state and local agencies. Similar agencies also regulate our businesses outside of the United States.
We believe our Product Excellence Program provides us with an eﬁective product quality and safety program. This
program is integral to our global supply chain platform and is intended to ensure that all products we purchase,
manufacture and distribute are safe, are of high quality and comply with applicable laws and regulations.
Through our Product Excellence Program, we evaluate our supply chain including ingredients, packaging, processes,
products, distribution and the environment to determine where product quality and safety controls are necessary. We
identify risks and establish controls intended to ensure product quality and safety. Various government agencies and
third-party firms as well as our quality assurance staff conduct audits of all facilities that manufacture our products to
assure eﬁectiveness and compliance with our program and applicable laws and regulations.
Environmental Considerations
We make routine operating and capital expenditures to comply with environmental laws and regulations. These annual
expenditures are not material with respect to our results of operations, capital expenditures or competitive position.
4