PART I
Item 1. BUSINESS
The Hershey Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on October 24, 1927 as a successor
to a business founded in 1894 by Milton S. Hershey. In this report, the terms “Hershey,” “Company,” “we,” “us” or
“our” mean The Hershey Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and entities in which it has a controlling
financial interest, unless the context indicates otherwise.
We are the largest producer of quality chocolate in North America and a global leader in chocolate and non-chocolate
confectionery. We market, sell and distribute our products under more than 80 brand names in approximately 70
countries worldwide.
Reportable Segments
Our organizational structure is designed to ensure continued focus on North America, coupled with an emphasis on
profitable growth in our focus international markets. Our business is organized around geographic regions, which
enables us to build processes for repeatable success in our global markets. As a result, we have defined our operating
segments on a geographic basis, as this aligns with how our Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) manages our
business, including resource allocation and performance assessment. Our North America business, which generates
approximately 88% of our consolidated revenue, is our only reportable segment. None of our other operating
segments meet the quantitative thresholds to qualify as reportable segments; therefore, these operating segments are
combined and disclosed below as International and Other.
0 North America - This segment is responsible for our traditional chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery
market position, as well as our grocery and growing snacks market positions, in the United States and
Canada. This includes developing and growing our business in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery,
pantry, food service and other snacking product lines.
0 International and Other - International and Other is a combination of all other operating segments that are
not individually material, including those geographic regions where we operate outside of North America.
We currently have operations and manufacture product in China, Mexico, Brazil, India and Malaysia,
primarily for consumers in these regions, and also distribute and sell confectionery products in export markets
of Asia, Latin America, Middle East, Europe, Africa and other regions. This segment also includes our global
retail operations, including Hershey's Chocolate World stores in Hershey, Pennsylvania, New York City, Las
Vegas, Shanghai, Niagara Falls (Ontario), Dubai, and Singapore, as well as operations associated with
licensing the use of certain of the Company's trademarks and products to third parties around the world.
Financial and other information regarding our reportable segments is provided in our Management’s Discussion and
Analysis and Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Business Acquisitions and Divestitures
In April 2016, we completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of Ripple Brand Collective, LLC, a
privately held company based in Congers, New York that owns the barkTHINS mass premium chocolate snacking
brand. The acquisition was undertaken in order to broaden our product oﬁerings in the premium and portable snacking
categories.
In March 2015, we completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of KRAVE Pure Foods, Inc. (“Krave”),
the Sonoma, California based manufacturer of Krave, a leading all-natural brand of premium meat snack products.
The transaction was undertaken to enable us to tap into the rapidly growing meat snacks category and further expand
into the broader snacks space.
In September 2014, we completed the acquisition of 80% of the outstanding shares of Shanghai Golden Monkey Food
Joint Stock Co., Ltd. (“SGM”), a confectionery company based in Shanghai, China, whose product line is primarily
sold through traditional trade channels. The acquisition was undertaken in order to leverage these traditional trade
channels, which complement our traditional China chocolate business that is primarily distributed through Tier 1 or
1