THE HERSHEY C OlVIPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)
For the years ended December 31, 2016 2015 2014 7
lUnits granted 545,750 381,407 331,788 1
Weighted-average fair value at date of grant $ 93.55 $ 104.68 $ 115.57
lMonte Carlo simulation assumptions: l
Estimated values 55 38.02 $ 61.22 $ 80.95
] Dividend yields 2.5% 2.0% 1.8%}
Expected volatility 17.0% 14.9% 15.5%
0 “Estimated values” means the fair value for the market-based total shareholder return component of
each PSU at the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation model;
0 “Dividend yields” means the sum of dividends declared for the four most recent quarterly periods,
divided by the average price of our Common Stock for the comparable periods;
0 “Expected volatility” means the historical volatility of our Common Stock over the expected term of
each grant.
The fair value of shares vested totaled $22,062, $46,113 and $57,360 in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Deferred PSUs, deferred RSUs and deferred stock units representing directors” fees totaled 483,465 units as of
December 31, 2016. Each unit is equivalent to one share of the Company’s Common Stock.
11. SEGMENT INFORMATION
Our organizational structure is designed to ensure continued focus on North America, coupled with an emphasis on
profitable growth in our focus international markets. Our business is organized around geographic regions, which
enables us to build processes for repeatable success in our global markets. As a result, we have defined our operating
segments on a geographic basis, as this aligns with how our Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) manages our
business, including resource allocation and performance assessment. Our North America business, which generates
approximately 88% of our consolidated revenue, is our only reportable segment. None of our other operating
segments meet the quantitative thresholds to qualify as reportable segments; therefore, these operating segments are
combined and disclosed below as International and Other.
0 North America - This segment is responsible for our traditional chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery
market position, as well as our grocery and growing snacks market positions, in the United States and
Canada. This includes developing and growing our business in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery,
pantry, food service and other snacking product lines.
0 International and Other - International and Other is a combination of all other operating segments that are
not individually material, including those geographic regions where we operate outside of North America.
We currently have operations and manufacture product in China, Mexico, Brazil, India and Malaysia,
primarily for consumers in these regions, and also distribute and sell confectionery products in export markets
of Asia, Latin America, Middle East, Europe, Africa and other regions. This segment also includes our global
retail operations, including Hershey's Chocolate World stores in Hershey, Pennsylvania, New York City, Las
Vegas, Shanghai, Niagara Falls (Ontario), Dubai, and Singapore, as well as operations associated with
licensing the use of certain of the Company's trademarks and products to third parties around the world.
For segment reporting purposes, we use “segment income” to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources.
Segment income excludes unallocated general corporate administrative expenses, unallocated mark-to-market gains
and losses on commodity derivatives, business realignment and impairment charges, acquisition integration costs, the
non-service related portion of pension expense and other unusual gains or losses that are not part of our measurement
of segment performance. These items of our operating income are managed centrally at the corporate level and are
excluded from the measure of segment income reviewed by the CODM as well the measure of segment performance
used for incentive compensation purposes.
Accounting policies associated with our operating segments are generally the same as those described in Note 1.
84