THE HERSHEY C OlVIPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)
The purchase consideration was allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair
values as follows:
] Goodwill $ 147,089 1
Trademarks 1 12,000
lOther intangible assets 17,000 ‘
Other assets, primarily current assets, net of cash acquired totaling $1,362 9,465
1 Current liabilities (2,756)]
Non-current deferred tax liabilities 7 (47,344)
I Net assets acquired $ 235,454 1
Goodwill was calculated as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired. The
goodwill resulting from the acquisition was attributable primarily to the value of leveraging our brand building
expertise, consumer insights, supply chain capabilities and retail relationships to accelerate growth and access to Krave
products. The recorded goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
2014 Acquisitions
Shanghai Golden Monkey
On September 26, 2014 (the “Initial Acquisition”), our wholly-owned subsidiary, Hershey Netherlands B.V., acquired
80% of the total outstanding shares of Shanghai Golden Monkey Food Joint Stock Co., Ltd. (“SGM”), a privately held
confectionery company based in Shanghai, China. The Golden Monkey product line is primarily sold in China's
traditional trade channels. The business complements our position in China, and was undertaken to enable us to take
advantage of SGM'S distribution and manufacturing capabilities to expand sales of our Hershey products in the China
marketplace. Our consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31, 2014 included approximately $54 million
generated by SGM since the date of acquisition.
The Initial Acquisition was funded by cash consideration of $394,470, subject to working capital and net debt
adjustments. At December 31, 2014, we had recorded a receivable of $37,860, reﬂecting our current best estimate of
the amount due from the selling SGM shareholders for the working capital and net debt adjustments.
As part of the transaction, Hershey Netherlands B.V. contractually agreed to purchase the remaining 20% of the
outstanding shares of SGM on the one-year anniversary of the Initial Acquisition, subject to the parties obtaining
government and regulatory approvals and satisfaction of other closing conditions. At December 31, 2014, we had
recorded a liability of $100,067, reﬂecting the acquisition date fair value of the future payment to be made to the SGM
shareholders.
The goodwill that resulted from the SGM acquisition was attributable primarily to the value of providing an
established platform to leverage our brands in the China market, as well as expected synergies and other benefits from
the combined brand portfolios. The recorded goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.
During 2015, we recorded net increases to acquired goodwill for revisions to the acquired fair value of other assets and
liabilities totaling $49,120, resulting primarily from 1) our procedures to assess the quality of acquired trade accounts
receivable, 2) our procedures to further evaluate and quantify outstanding pre-acquisition trade promotion
commitments to distributors, as well as allowances for returns and discounts related to excess and unsalable inventory
held at distributors and sales branches as of the acquisition date, and 3) our procedures to estimate the value of pre-
acquisition indirect tax contingencies. In addition, we came to an agreement with the selling SGM shareholders to
revise the aforementioned receivable and liability balances to reﬂect partial settlement of the receivable, whereby the
receivable was adjusted to $8,685 and the liability was adjusted to $76,815.
Based on the updated information obtained throughout 2015, we updated our estimates of the acquisition-date fair
values of the net assets acquired as of September 26, 2015, the conclusion of the one-year measurement period. Any
subsequent revisions to the valuation of acquired net assets have been reﬂected in current results.
59