A summary of foreign currency forward exchange contracts and the corresponding amounts at contracted forward rates
is as follows:
December 31, 7 7 2016 7 7 2015 7
7 7 7 Contract Primary 7 7 Contract Primary 7
7 Amount 7 7 Currencies 7 7 Amount 7 7 Currencies 7
In millions of dollars 7 9
Foreign currency forward exchange
contracts to purchase foreign currencies $ 9.4 Euros $ 19.8 Euros
Canadian dollars
Foreign currency forward exchange Brazilian reals Brazilian reals
contracts to sell foreign currencies $ 80.4 Japanese yen $ 11.9 Japanese yen
The fair value of foreign currency forward exchange contracts represents the diﬁerence between the contracted and
current market foreign currency exchange rates at the end of the period. We estimate the fair value of foreign currency
forward exchange contracts on a quarterly basis by obtaining market quotes of spot and forward rates for contracts
with similar terms, adjusted where necessary for maturity differences. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, the net fair
value of these instruments was an asset of $1.4 million and a liability of $0.1 million, respectively. Assuming an
unfavorable 10% change in year-end foreign currency exchange rates, the fair value of these instruments would have
declined by $9.6 million and $3.2 million, respectively.
CommoditiesiPrice Risk Management and Futures Contracts
Our most significant raw material requirements include cocoa products, sugar, dairy products, peanuts and almonds.
The cost of cocoa products and prices for related futures contracts and costs for certain other raw materials historically
have been subject to wide ﬂuctuations attributable to a variety of factors. These factors include:
o Commodity market ﬂuctuations;
0 Foreign currency exchange rates;
0 Imbalances between supply and demand;
0 The effect of weather on crop yield;
0 Speculative inﬂuences;
0 Trade agreements among producing and consuming nations;
9 Supplier compliance with commitments;
0 Political unrest in producing countries; and
0 Changes in governmental agricultural programs and energy policies.
We use futures and options contracts and other commodity derivative instruments in combination with forward
purchasing of cocoa products, sugar, corn sweeteners, natural gas and certain dairy products primarily to reduce the
risk of future price increases and provide visibility to future costs. Currently, active futures contracts are not available
for use in pricing our other major raw material requirements, primarily peanuts and almonds. We attempt to minimize
the effect of future price ﬂuctuations related to the purchase of raw materials by using forward purchasing to cover
future manufacturing requirements generally for 3 to 24 months. However, dairy futures liquidity is not as developed
as many of the other commodities futures markets and, therefore, it can be difficult to hedge our costs for dairy
products by entering into futures contracts or other derivative instruments to extend coverage for long periods of time.
We use diesel swap futures contracts to minimize price ﬂuctuations associated with our transportation costs. Our
commodity procurement practices are intended to reduce the risk of future price increases and provide visibility to
future costs, but also may potentially limit our ability to benefit from possible price decreases. Our costs for major
raw materials will not necessarily reﬂect market price ﬂuctuations primarily because of our forward purchasing and
hedging practices.
During 2016, average cocoa futures contract prices decreased compared with 2015 and traded in a range between
$1.03 and $1.38 per pound, based on the Intercontinental Exchange futures contract. Cocoa production was lower
during the 2015 to 2016 crop year and global demand was slightly higher, which produced a small reduction in global
cocoa stocks over the past year. Despite the slight decrease in global cocoa inventories, prices started to decline in
42