Non-service related pension expense (income)
NSRPE(I) includes interest costs, the expected return on pension plan assets, the amortization of actuarial gains and
losses, and certain curtailment and settlement losses or credits. NSRPE(I) can ﬂuctuate from year to year as a result of
changes in market interest rates and market returns on pension plan assets. We believe that the service cost component
of our total pension benefit costs closely reﬂects the operating costs of our business and provides for a better
comparison of our operating results from year to year. Therefore, we exclude NSRPE(I) from our internal
performance measures. Our most significant defined benefit pension plans were closed to most new participants in
2007, resulting in ongoing service costs that are stable and predictable. We recorded pre-tax NSRPE(I) of $27.2
million, $18.1 million and $(1.8) million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Settlement of SGM liability
In the fourth quarter of 2015, we reached an agreement with the SGM selling shareholders to reduce the originally-
agreed purchase price for the remaining 20% of SGM, and we completed the purchase on February 3, 2016. In the
first quarter of 2016, we recorded a $26.7 million gain relating to the settlement of the SGM liability, representing the
net carrying amount of the recorded liability in excess of the cash paid to settle the obligation for the remaining 20% of
the outstanding shares.
Goodwill and other intangible asset impairment
As discussed in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, in connection with our 2016 annual impairment
testing of other indefinite lived assets, we recognized a trademark impairment charge of $4.2 million primarily
resulting from plans to discontinue a brand sold in India. In the second and third quarters of 2015, we recorded a total
$280.8 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge, representing a write-down of all of the goodwill resulting from
the SGM acquisition, including $14.4 million relating to the portion of goodwill that had been allocated to our China
chocolate reporting unit, based on synergies to be realized by this business. For the year ended December 31, 2014,
we recorded non-cash goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges totaling $15.9 million associated with
our business in India.
Loss on early extinguishment of debt
During the third quarter of 2015, we recorded a $28.3 million loss on the early extinguishment of debt relating to a
cash tender offer. See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
Gain on sale of trademark
During the first quarter of 2015, we recorded a $9.9 million gain relating to the sale of a non-core trademark.
Constant Currency Net Sales Growth
We present certain percentage changes in net sales on a constant currency basis, which excludes the impact of foreign
currency exchange. This measure is used internally by management in evaluating results of operations and
determining incentive compensation. We believe that this measure provides useful information to investors because it
provides transparency to underlying performance in our net sales by excluding the effect that foreign currency
exchange rate ﬂuctuations have on the year-to-year comparability given volatility in foreign currency exchange
markets.
To present this information for historical periods, current period net sales for entities reporting in other than the US.
dollar are translated into US. dollars at the average monthly exchange rates in effect during the corresponding period
of the prior fiscal year, rather than at the actual average monthly exchange rates in effect during the current period of
the current fiscal year. As a result, the foreign currency impact is equal to the current year results in local currencies
multiplied by the change in average foreign currency exchange rate between the current fiscal period and the
corresponding period of the prior fiscal year.
20