Income Tax Obligations
Liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits are excluded from the table above as we are unable to reasonably
predict the ultimate amount or timing of a settlement of these potential liabilities. See Note 8 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for more information.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Information on recently issued accounting standards is included in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
The preparation of financial statements requires management to use judgment and make estimates and assumptions.
We believe that our most critical accounting policies and estimates relate to the following:
0 Accrued Liabilities for Trade Promotion Activities
0 Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefits Plans
0 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
0 Income Taxes
Management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of critical accounting policies and estimates with
the Audit Committee of our Board. While we base estimates and assumptions on our knowledge of current events and
actions we may undertake in the future, actual results may ultimately diﬁer from these estimates and assumptions.
Other significant accounting policies are outlined in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Accrued Liabilities for Trade Promotion Activities
We promote our products with advertising, trade promotions and consumer incentives. These programs include, but are
not limited to, discounts, coupons, rebates, in-store display incentives and volume-based incentives. We expense
advertising costs and other direct marketing expenses as incurred. We recognize the costs of trade promotion and
consumer incentive activities as a reduction to net sales along with a corresponding accrued liability based on
estimates at the time of revenue recognition. These estimates are based on our analysis of the programs offered,
historical trends, expectations regarding customer and consumer participation, sales and payment trends and our
experience with payment patterns associated with similar programs offered in the past.
Our trade promotional costs totaled $1,157.4 million, $1,122.3 million and $1,125.5 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. The estimated costs of these programs are reasonably likely to change in the future due to changes in
trends with regard to customer and consumer participation, particularly for new programs and for programs related to
the introduction of new products. Diﬁerences between estimated expense and actual program performance are
recognized as a change in estimate in a subsequent period and are normally not significant. Over the three-year period
ended December 31, 2016, actual promotional costs have not deviated from the estimated amount for a given year by
more than 3%.
Pension and Other Post-Retirement Beneﬁts Plans
We sponsor various defined benefit pension plans. The primary plans are The Hershey Company Retirement Plan and
The Hershey Company Retirement Plan for Hourly Employees, which are cash balance plans that provide pension
benefits for most US. employees hired prior to January 1, 2007. We also sponsor two primary other post-employment
benefit (“OPEB”) plans, consisting of a health care plan and life insurance plan for retirees. The health care plan is
contributory, with participants” contributions adjusted annually, and the life insurance plan is non-contributory.
For accounting purposes, the defined benefit pension and OPEB plans require assumptions to estimate the projected
and accumulated benefit obligations, including the following variables: discount rate; expected salary increases;
certain employee-related factors, such as turnover, retirement age and mortality; expected return on assets; and health
care cost trend rates. These and other assumptions affect the annual expense and obligations recognized for the
underlying plans. Our assumptions reﬂect our historical experiences and management's best judgment regarding future
expectations. Our related accounting policies, accounting balances and plan assumptions are discussed in Note 9 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.
37