Employees
As of December 31, 2016, we employed approximately 16,300 full-time and 1,680 part-time employees worldwide.
Collective bargaining agreements covered approximately 5,630 employees. In December 2016, we ratified a new six-
year collective bargaining agreement that covers a significant portion of our unionized workforce. During 2017,
agreements will be negotiated for certain employees at three facilities outside of the United States, comprising
approximately 69% of total employees under collective bargaining agreements. We believe that our employee
relations are generally good.
Financial Information by Geographic Area
Our principal operations and markets are located in the United States. The percentage of total consolidated net sales
for our businesses outside of the United States was 16.7% for 2016, 17.2% for 2015 and 19.2% for 2014. The
percentage of total long-lived assets outside of the United States was 29.8% as of December 31, 2016 and 31.8% as of
December 31, 2015.
Corporate Social Responsibility
Our founder, Milton S. Hershey, established an enduring model of responsible citizenship while creating a successful
business. Driving sustainable business practices, making a diﬁerence in our communities and operating with the
highest integrity are vital parts of our heritage. We continue this legacy today by providing high quality products
while conducting our business in a socially responsible and environmentally sustainable manner. Each year we publish
a full corporate social responsibility (“CSR”) report which provides an update on the progress we have made in
advancing our CSR priorities such as food safety, responsible sourcing of ingredients, corporate transparency, our
focus on improving basic nutrition to help children learn and grow and our continued investment in the communities
where we live and work. To learn more about our goals, progress and initiatives, you can access our full CSR report at
wwwthehersheycompany.com/social-responsibility.aspx.
Available Information
The Company's website address is www.thehersheycompany.com. We file or furnish annual, quarterly and current
reports, proxy statements and other information with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).
You may obtain a copy of any of these reports, free of charge, from the Investors section of our website as soon as
reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an
Internet site that also contains these reports at: www.sec. gov. In addition, copies of the Company's annual report will
be made available, free of charge, on written request to the Company.
We have a Code of Ethical Business Conduct that applies to our Board of Directors (“Board”) and all Company
officers and employees, including, without limitation, our Chief Executive Officer and “senior financial
officers” (including the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and persons performing similar functions).
You can obtain a copy of our Code of Ethical Business Conduct, as well as our Corporate Governance Guidelines and
charters for each of the Board’s standing committees, from the Investors section of our website. If we change or waive
any portion of the Code of Ethical Business Conduct that applies to any of our directors, executive officers or senior
financial oﬁicers, we will post that information on our website.
5