of acquired goodwill by $16.6 million, with the corresponding oﬁset principally represented by the establishment of
additional opening balance sheet liabilities for additional commitments and contingencies that were identified through
our post-acquisition assessment. We also finalized the impairment test of the goodwill relating to the SGM reporting
unit, which resulted in a write-off of this additional goodwill in the third quarter, for a total impairment of $266.4
million. We also tested the other long-lived assets of SGM for recoverability by comparing the sum of the
undiscounted cash ﬂows to the carrying value of the asset group, and no impairment was indicated.
In connection with the 2014 SGM acquisition, we had assigned approximately $15 million of goodwill to our existing
China chocolate business, as this reporting unit was expected to benefit from acquisition synergies relating to the sale
of Golden Monkey-branded product through its Tier 1 and hypermarket distributor networks. As the net sales and
earnings of our China business continued to be adversely impacted by macroeconomic challenges and changing
consumer shopping behavior through the third quarter of 20 1 5, we determined that an interim impairment test of the
goodwill in this reporting unit was also required. We performed the first step of this test in the third quarter of 2015
using an income approach based on our estimates of future performance scenarios for the business. The results of this
test suggested that a goodwill impairment was probable, and the conclusions of the second step analysis resulted in a
write-down of $14.4 million, representing the full value of goodwill attributed to this reporting unit as of October 4,
2015. We also tested the other long-lived assets of the China asset group for recoverability by comparing the sum of
the undiscounted cash ﬂows to the carrying value of the asset group, and no impairment was indicated.
During our 2014 annual testing, the fair value of our India reporting unit approximated its carrying value. As a result
and given the sensitivity of the India impairment analysis to changes in the underlying assumptions, we performed a
step two analysis which indicated a goodwill impairment of $11.4 million. In addition, our 2014 annual test of
indefinite-lived intangible assets resulted in a $4.5 million pre-tax write-down of a trademark, also associated with the
India business. Also in 2014, in connection with the anticipated sale of our Mauna Loa business (as discussed in Note
2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements), during the third and fourth quarters of 20 14, we recorded estimated
impairment charges totaling $18.5 million to write-down goodwill and an indefinite-lived trademark intangible asset,
based on the valuation of these assets as implied by the agreed-upon sales price.
Income Taxes
We base our deferred income taxes, accrued income taxes and provision for income taxes upon income, statutory tax
rates, the legal structure of our Company, interpretation of tax laws and tax planning opportunities available to us in
the various jurisdictions in which we operate. We file income tax returns in the US. federal jurisdiction and various
state and foreign jurisdictions. We are regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, but a number of
years may elapse before an uncertain tax position, for which we have unrecognized tax benefits, is audited and finally
resolved. From time to time, these audits result in assessments of additional tax. We maintain reserves for such
assessments.
We apply a more-likely-than-not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions.
Accordingly, we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately
realized upon settlement. Future changes in judgments and estimates related to the expected ultimate resolution of
uncertain tax positions will aﬁect income in the quarter of such change. While it is often difficult to predict the final
outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position, we believe that our unrecognized tax
benefits reﬂect the most likely outcome. Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are
included in income tax expense. We adjust these unrecognized tax benefits, as well as the related interest, in light of
changing facts and circumstances, such as receiving audit assessments or clearing of an item for which a reserve has
been established. Settlement of any particular position could require the use of cash. Favorable resolution would be
recognized as a reduction to our effective income tax rate in the period of resolution.
We believe it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to
realize the deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances. Our valuation allowances are primarily related to US.
capital loss carryforwards and various foreign jurisdictions' net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax
assets for which we do not expect to realize a benefit.
40