Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are evaluated for impairment annually or more
often if indicators of a potential impairment are present. Our annual impairment tests are conducted at the beginning
of the fourth quarter.
We test goodwill for impairment by either performing a qualitative assessment or using a two-step quantitative
process. If we choose to perform a qualitative assessment, we evaluate economic, industry and company-specific
factors as an initial step in assessing the fair value of the related reporting unit. If we determine that it is more likely
than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the two-step process is then performed.
Otherwise, no further testing is required. For those reporting units tested using the two-step process, we first compare
the fair value of each reporting unit with the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including goodwill. If the
estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount of the reporting unit, we complete a second
step to determine the amount of the goodwill impairment that we should record. In the second step, we determine an
implied fair value of the reporting unit’s goodwill by allocating the reporting unit’s fair value to all of its assets and
liabilities other than goodwill (including any unrecognized intangible assets). We compare the resulting implied fair
value of the goodwill to the carrying amount and record an impairment charge for the difference. We test individual
indefinite-lived intangible assets by comparing the estimated fair value with the book values of each asset.
We determine the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets using an income approach.
Under the income approach, we calculate the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets
based on the present value of estimated future cash ﬂows. Considerable management judgment is necessary to
evaluate the impact of operating and macroeconomic changes and to estimate the future cash ﬂows used to measure
fair value. Our estimates of future cash ﬂows consider past performance, current and anticipated market conditions
and internal projections and operating plans which incorporate estimates for sales growth and profitability, and cash
ﬂows associated with taxes and capital spending. Additional assumptions include forecasted growth rates, estimated
discount rates, which may be risk-adjusted for the operating market of the reporting unit, and estimated royalty rates
that would be charged for comparable branded licenses. We believe such assumptions also reﬂect current and
anticipated market conditions and are consistent with those that would be used by other marketplace participants for
similar valuation purposes. Such assumptions are subject to change due to changing economic and competitive
conditions.
We also have intangible assets, consisting primarily of certain trademarks, customer-related intangible assets and
patents obtained through business acquisitions, that are expected to have determinable useful lives. The costs of finite-
lived intangible assets are amortized to expense over their estimated lives. Our estimates of the useful lives of finite-
lived intangible assets consider judgments regarding the future eﬁects of obsolescence, demand, competition and other
economic factors. We conduct impairment tests when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of these finite-lived assets may not be recoverable. Undiscounted cash ﬂow analyses are used to determine if an
impairment exists. If an impairment is determined to exist, the loss is calculated based on the estimated fair value of
the assets.
At December 31, 2016, the net book value of our goodwill totaled $812.3 million and related to five reporting units.
As it relates to our annual testing performed at the beginning of the fourth quarter, no additional goodwill impairment
was indicated, and the percentage of excess fair value over carrying value was at least 100% for each of our tested
reporting units.
In 2015, we recorded a $280.8 million impairment charge resulting from our interim reassessment of the valuation of
the SGM business, coupled with the write-down of goodwill attributed to the China chocolate business in connection
with the SGM acquisition. As a result of declining performance levels and our post-acquisition assessment, we
determined that GAAP required an interim impairment test of the SGM reporting unit. We performed the first step of
this test as of July 5, 2015 using an income approach based on our estimates of future performance scenarios for the
business. The results of this test indicated that the fair value of the reporting unit was less than the carrying amount as
of the measurement date, suggesting that a goodwill impairment was probable, which required us to perform a second
step analysis to confirm that an impairment existed and to determine the amount of the impairment based on our
reassessed value of the reporting unit. Although preliminary, as a result of this reassessment, in the second quarter of
2015 we recorded an estimated $249.8 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge, representing a write-down of all
of the goodwill related to the SGM reporting unit as of July 5, 2015. During the third quarter, we increased the value
39