THE HERSHEY C OlVIPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)
1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Description of Business
The Hershey Company together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries and entities in which it has a controlling interest,
(the “Company,” “Hershey,” “we” or “us”) is a global confectionery leader known for its branded portfolio of
chocolate, sweets, mints and other great-tasting snacks. The Company has more than 80 brands worldwide including
such iconic brand names as Hershey ’s, Reese is, Kisses, Jolly Rancher and Ice Breakers, which are marketed, sold and
distributed in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Hershey is focused on growing its presence in key international
markets while continuing to build its competitive advantage in North America. The Company currently operates
through two reportable segments that are aligned with its management structure and the key markets it serves: North
America and International and Other. For additional information on our segment presentation, see Note 11.
Basis of Presentation
Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of The Hershey Company and its majority-owned or
controlled subsidiaries. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. We have a controlling
financial interest if we own a majority of the outstanding voting common stock and minority shareholders do not have
substantive participating rights, we have significant control through contractual or economic interests in which we are
the primary beneficiary or we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity's
economic performance. Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests is not significant and is recorded
within selling, marketing and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 12 for
additional information on our noncontrolling interests. We use the equity method of accounting when we have a 20%
to 50% interest in other companies and exercise significant inﬂuence. In addition, we use the equity method of
accounting for our investments in partnership entities which make equity investments in projects eligible to receive
federal historic and energy tax credits. See Note 8 for additional information on our equity investments in partnership
entities qualifying for tax credits.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying disclosures. Our significant estimates and
assumptions include, among others, pension and other post-retirement benefit plan assumptions, valuation assumptions
of goodwill and other intangible assets, useful lives of long-lived assets, marketing and trade promotion accruals and
income taxes. These estimates and assumptions are based on management’s best judgment. Management evaluates its
estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors, including the current
economic environment, and the effects of any revisions are reﬂected in the consolidated financial statements in the
period that they are determined. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results
could differ significantly from these estimates.
Revenue Recognition
We record sales when all of the following criteria have been met:
0 A valid customer order with a fixed price has been received;
0 The product has been delivered to the customer;
0 There is no further significant obligation to assist in the resale of the product; and
o Collectability is reasonably assured.
Net sales include revenue from the sale of finished goods and royalty income, net of allowances for trade promotions,
consumer coupon programs and other sales incentives, and allowances and discounts associated with aged or
potentially unsaleable products. Trade promotions and sales incentives primarily include reduced price features,
53