hypermarket channels. We completed the purchase of the remaining 20% of the outstanding shares of SGM on
February 3, 2016.
Products
Our principal product offerings include chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery products; gum and mint
refreshment products; pantry items, such as baking ingredients, toppings and beverages; and snack items such as
spreads, meat snacks, bars and snack bites and mixes.
° Within our North America markets, our product portfolio includes a wide variety of chocolate offerings
marketed and sold under the renowned brands of Hershey ’s, Reese is and Kisses, along with other popular
chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery brands such as Jolly Rancher, Almond Joy, Brooksz'de, Cadbury,
Good & Plenty, Heath, Kit Kat®, Lancaster, Payday, R0l0®, Twizzlers, Whoppers and York. We also offer
premium chocolate products, primarily in the United States, through the Scharﬁen Berger and Dagoba
brands. Our gum and mint products include Ice Breakers mints and chewing gum, Breathsavers mints and
Bubble Yum bubble gum. Our pantry and snack items that are principally sold in North America include
baking products and toppings and sundae syrups sold under the Hershey ’s, Reese is and Heath brands, as well
as Hershey is and Reese is chocolate spreads and snack bites and mixes and Krave meat snack products.
° Within our International and Other markets, we manufacture, market and sell many of these same brands, as
well as other brands that are marketed regionally, such as Golden Monkey confectionery and Munching
Monkey snack products in China, Pelon Pelo Rico confectionery products in Mexico, 10-10 snack products in
Brazil, and Nutrine and Maha Lacto confectionery products and Jumpin and Soﬁt beverage products in India.
Principal Customers and Marketing Strategy
Our customers are mainly wholesale distributors, chain grocery stores, mass merchandisers, chain drug stores, vending
companies, wholesale clubs, convenience stores, dollar stores, concessionaires and department stores. The majority of
our customers, with the exception of wholesale distributors, resell our products to end-consumers in retail outlets in
North America and other locations worldwide.
In 2016, approximately 25% of our consolidated net sales were made to McLane Company, Inc., one of the largest
wholesale distributors in the United States to convenience stores, drug stores, wholesale clubs and mass merchandisers
and the primary distributor of our products to Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
The foundation of our marketing strategy is our strong brand equities, product innovation and the consistently superior
quality of our products. We devote considerable resources to the identification, development, testing, manufacturing
and marketing of new products. We utilize a variety of promotional programs directed towards our customers, as well
as advertising and promotional programs for consumers of our products, to stimulate sales of certain products at
various times throughout the year.
In conjunction with our sales and marketing efforts, our efficient product distribution network helps us maintain sales
growth and provide superior customer service by facilitating the shipment of our products from our manufacturing
plants to strategically located distribution centers. We primarily use common carriers to deliver our products from
these distribution points to our customers.
Raw Materials and Pricing
Cocoa products, including cocoa liquor, cocoa butter and cocoa powder processed from cocoa beans, are the most
significant raw materials we use to produce our chocolate products. These cocoa products are purchased directly from
third-party suppliers, who source cocoa beans that are grown principally in Far Eastern, West African, Central and
South American regions. West Africa accounts for approximately 70% of the world’s supply of cocoa beans.
Adverse weather, crop disease, political unrest and other problems in cocoa-producing countries have caused price
ﬂuctuations in the past, but have never resulted in the total loss of a particular producing country’s cocoa crop and/or
exports. In the event that a significant disruption occurs in any given country, we believe cocoa from other producing
countries and from current physical cocoa stocks in consuming countries would provide a significant supply buffer.
2