Board of Directors
Raul E. Cesan Carolyn D. Greenspon Ellen R. Marram Mark Thompson
Founder and Managing Senior Consultant President President and CEO.
Partner Relative Solutions, LLC The Barnegat Group, LLC The New York Times
Commercial Worldwide LLC Joichi Ito Brian P. McAndreWS Company
Robert E. Denham Director, Media Lab Former President, CEO. Doreen A. Toben
Partner Massachusetts Institute and Chairman Director of various
Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP of Technology Pandora Media, Inc. public corporations
Michael Golden Dara Khosrowshahi Arthur Sulzberger Jr. Rebecca Van Dyck
Vice Chairman of the Board President and CEO. Chairman Former Vice President, Consumer
The New York Times Expedia, Inc. The New York Times and Brand Marketing
Company James A. Kohlberg Company Facebook, Inc.
Steven B. Green Co-Founder and Chairman Puthher .
General Partner Kohlberg 8: Company The New York Tunes
Ordinance Capital L.P.
Shareholder Information Online Career Opportunities
investors.nytco.com Employment applicants should apply online at jobs.nytco.com. The
Visit our website for Corporate Governance information about the Company is committed to a policy of providing equal employment
Company, including the Code of Ethics for our chairman, CEO. and opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, national origin,
senior financial officers and our Business Ethics Policy. ancestry, gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, military
or veteran status or any other characteristic covered by law.
Office of the Secretary
(212) 556-5995 Annual Meeting
Wednesday, April 19, 2017, at 9 a.m.
Corporate Communications & Investor Relations The New York Times Building
(212) 556-4317 620 Eighth Ave., 15th Floor
New York, NY 10018
Stock Listing
The Company’s Class A Common Stock is listed on the New York Auditors
Stock Exchange. Ticker symbol: NYT Ernst 8: Young LLP
5 Times Square
Registrar & Transfer Agent New York, NY 10036
If you are a registered shareholder and have a question about your
account, or would like to report a change in your name or address, Forward-Looking Statements
please contact: This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that relate
Computershare to future events or our future financial performance. By their nature,
PO. Box 30170 forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that
College Station, TX 77842-3170 could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in any
Overnight correspondence Should be mailed to: such. statements. You should bear this “in mind as you consider forward-
Computershare looking statements. Factors that we think could, indiVidually or in the
211 Quality Circle, Suite 210 aggregate, cause our actual results to differ materially from effpected and
College Station, TX 77845 historical results include those described in the Risk Factors section of
this Annual Report, as well as other risks detailed from time to time in
Shareho'der webSite the Company’s publicly ﬁled documents. The Company undertakes no
WWW'ComputerShare'com/inveStor obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a
SharehOlder online inqumes result of new information, future events or otherwise.
https://www-us.computershare.com/investor/contact
Domestic: (800) 240-0345; TDD Line: (800) 231-5469
Foreign: (201) 680-6578; TDD Line: (201) 680-6610
Copyright 2017
The New York Times Company
All rights reserved.