In March 2009, we entered into an agreement to sell and simultaneously lease back a portion of our leasehold
condominium interest in our Company’s headquarters building located at 620 Eighth Avenue in New York City (the
“Condo Interest”). The sale price for the Condo Interest was $225.0 million less transaction costs, for net proceeds of
approximately $211 million. We have an option, exercisable in 2019, to repurchase the Condo Interest for $250.0
million, and we currently expect to exercise this option. We believe that exercising this option will provide us greater
ﬂexibility with respect to our headquarters building.
Managing our retirement-related costs
We remain focused on managing the underfunded status of our pension plans and adjusting the size of our
pension obligations relative to the size of our Company. Our qualified pension plans were underfunded (meaning the
present value of future benefits obligations exceeded the fair value of plan assets) as of December 25, 2016, by
approximately $222 million, compared with approximately $273 million as of December 27, 2015. We made
contributions of approximately $8 million to certain qualified pension plans in 2016, compared with approximately $7
million in 2015. We expect contributions in 2017 to total approximately $9 million to satisfy minimum funding
requirements.
We have taken steps over the last few years to address our pension obligations, including freezing accruals
under most of our qualified defined benefit pension plans, which cover both our non-union employees and those
covered by certain collective bargaining agreements. We have also made immediate pension benefits offers in the
form of lump-sum payments to certain former employees and will continue to look for ways to reduce the size of our
pension obligations.
While we have made significant progress in our liability-driven investment strategy to reduce the funding
volatility of our qualified pension plans, the size of our pension plan obligations relative to the size of our current
operations will continue to have a significant impact on our reported financial results. We expect to continue to
experience volatility in our retirement-related costs, including pension, multiemployer pension and retiree medical
costs.
P. 26 —- THE NEW YORK TIlVlES COMPANY