advertising networks and exchanges, real-time bidding and other programmatic buying channels that allow
advertisers to buy audiences at scale are playing a more significant role in the advertising marketplace and may cause
further downward pricing pressure.
The character of our digital advertising business also continues to change, as demand for newer forms of
advertising, such as branded content and video advertising, increases. The margin on revenues from some of these
newer advertising forms tends to be lower than the margin on revenues we generate from our print advertising and
traditional digital display advertising. Consequently, we may experience further downward pressure on our
advertising revenue margins as a greater percentage of advertising revenues comes from these newer forms.
In addition, technologies have been and will continue to be developed that enable consumers to block digital
advertising on websites and mobile devices. Advertisements blocked by these technologies are treated as not
delivered and any revenue we would otherwise receive from the advertiser for that advertisement is lost.
As the digital advertising market continues to evolve, our ability to compete successfully for advertising
budgets will depend on, among other things, our ability to engage and grow our audience and prove the value of our
advertising and the effectiveness of our platforms to advertisers.
Economic conditions
Global, national and local economic conditions affect various aspects of our business. The level of advertising
sales in any period may be affected by advertisers’ decisions to increase or decrease their advertising expenditures in
response to anticipated consumer demand and general economic conditions. Changes in spending patterns and
priorities, including shifts in marketing strategies and budget cuts of key advertisers, in response to economic
conditions, have depressed and may continue to depress our advertising revenues.
In addition, subscription revenue is sensitive to discretionary spending available to subscribers in the markets
we serve, and to the extent poor economic conditions lead consumers to reduce spending on discretionary activities,
our ability to retain current and obtain new subscribers could be hindered.
Fixed costs
A significant portion of our costs are fixed, and therefore we are limited in our ability to reduce these costs in
the short term. Employee-related costs and raw materials together accounted for approximately 50% of our total
operating costs in 2016. Changes in employee-related costs and the price and availability of newsprint can materially
affect our operating results.
For a discussion of these and other factors that could affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition, see “Item 1A — Risk Factors.”
Qur Strategy:
We are operating during a period of transformation for our industry and amidst uncertain economic conditions.
We anticipate that the challenges we currently face will continue, and we believe that the following elements are key
to our efforts to address them.
Strengthening The New York Times brand through innovation
Our priority is to maintain The Times’s commitment to premium content and journalistic excellence, while at
the same time positioning our organization for growth.
In 2016, we continued to invest in our digital platforms and products. Among other things, we focused on
innovating the way we tell stories, through new forms of visual and multimedia journalism, including podcasts,
interactive journalism (through Facebook Live and other initiatives) and virtual reality journalism. We also invested in
our international opportunities and in April 2016 announced our commitment to invest more than $50 million in the
digital potential of The Times internationally.
While we continue to focus on digital innovation, we remain committed to the continued success of our print
products, which we expect will continue to be a significant source of revenue for us. During 2016, for example, we
created compelling special inserts in our print newspaper on the presidential election and other events.
As we look ahead for opportunities to further innovate our products, we remain committed to creating quality
content and a quality user experience, regardless of the distribution model or platform.
P. 24 —- THE NEW YORK TIlVIES COMPANY