Assets Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis
Certain non-financial assets, such as goodwill, other intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and
certain investments are only recorded at fair value if an impairment charge is recognized. Goodwill and intangible
assets are initially recorded at fair value in purchase accounting. We classified all of these measurements as Level 3, as
we used unobservable inputs within the valuation methodologies that were significant to the fair value
measurements, and the valuations required management’s judgment due to the absence of quoted market prices. The
following tables present non-financial assets that were measured and recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis
and the total impairment losses recorded in 2014 on those assets. There was no material impairment recognized in
2016 and 2015.
Impairment
Net Carrying Losses for the
Value as of 7 Fair Value Measured and Recorded Using 7 Year Ended
December 28,
(In thousands) 2014 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 December 28, 2014
j Investments in joint ventures $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 9,216 (1) j
(1 ) Impairment losses related to Madison are included within “Loss from joint ventures”for the year ended December 28, 2014. See Note 5 for
additional information.
The impairment of assets in 2014 reﬂects the impairment of one of our investments in joint ventures, Madison.
During the fourth quarter of 2014, we estimated the fair value less cost to sell of the group held for sale, using
unobservable inputs (Level 3). We recorded a $9.2 million non-cash charge in the fourth quarter of 2014. Our
proportionate share of the loss was $4.7 million after tax and adjusted for the allocation of the loss to the non-
controlling interest.
Financial Instruments Disclosed, But Not Reported, at Fair Value
Our marketable securities, which include US. Treasury securities, corporate debt securities, US. government
agency securities, municipal securities, certificates of deposit and commercial paper, are recorded at amortized cost
(see Note 3). As of December 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015, the amortized cost approximated fair value because of
the short-term maturity and highly liquid nature of these investments. We classified these investments as Level 2
since the fair value estimates are based on market observable inputs for investments with similar terms and
maturities.
The carrying value of our long-term debt was approximately $240 million as of December 25, 2016 and $236
million as of December 27, 2015. The fair value of our long-term debt was approximately $298 million as of
December 25, 2016 and $316 million as of December 27, 2015. We estimate the fair value of our debt utilizing market
quotations for debt that have quoted prices in active markets. Since our debt does not trade on a daily basis in an
active market, the fair value estimates are based on market observable inputs based on borrowing rates currently
available for debt with similar terms and average maturities (Level 2).
9. Pension Benefits
Single-Employer Plans
We sponsor several single-employer defined benefit pension plans, the majority of which have been frozen. We
also participate in two joint Company and Guild-sponsored plans covering employees who are members of The News
Guild of New York, including The Newspaper Guild of New York - The New York Times Pension Fund, which was
frozen in 2012, and replaced by The Guild-Times Adjustable Pension Plan.
We also have a foreign-based pension plan for certain employees (the “foreign plan”). The information for the
foreign plan is combined with the information for US. non-qualified plans. The benefit obligation of the foreign plan
is immaterial to our total benefit obligation.
THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY — P. 73