I WW; 7 “Mt. IE EX m ‘7“ S |
You should carefully consider the risk factors described below, as well as the other information included in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely
affected by any or all of these risks, or by other risks or uncertainties not presently known or currently deemed
immaterial, that may adversely affect us in the future.
We face significant competition in all aspects of our business.
We operate in a highly competitive environment. We compete for advertising and consumer revenue with both
traditional publishers and new content providers. Competition among companies offering online content is intense,
and new competitors can quickly emerge. Some of our current and potential competitors may have greater resources
than we do, which may allow them to compete more effectively than us.
Our ability to compete effectively depends on many factors both within and beyond our control, including
among others:
° our ability to continue to deliver high-quality journalism and content that is interesting and relevant to our
audience;
° the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance and reliability of our digital products compared with
those of our competitors;
° the engagement of our current readers with our print and digital products, and our ability to reach new
readers;
° our ability to develop, maintain and monetize products;
° the pricing of our products;
° our marketing and selling efforts, including our ability to provide marketers with a compelling return on
their investments;
° our ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented employees, including journalists and product and
technology specialists;
° our ability to manage and grow our operations in a cost-effective manner; and
° our reputation and brand strength relative to those of our competitors.
Our success depends on our ability to respond and adapt to changes in technology and consumer behavior.
Technology in the media industry continues to evolve rapidly. Advances in technology have led to an increased
number of methods for the delivery and consumption of news and other content. These developments are also
driving changes in the preferences and expectations of consumers as they seek more control over how they consume
content.
Changes in technology and consumer behavior pose a number of challenges that could adversely affect our
revenues and competitive position. For example, among others:
° we may be unable to develop products for mobile devices or other digital platforms that consumers find
engaging, that work with a variety of operating systems and networks and that achieve a high level of market
acceptance;
° there may be changes in user sentiment about the quality or usefulness of our existing products or concerns
related to privacy, security or other factors;
0 news aggregation websites and customized news feeds may reduce our traffic levels by creating a
disincentive for users to visit our websites or use our digital products;
° consumers’ increased reliance on mobile devices for the consumption of news and other content may
contribute to a decline in engagement with our products;
0 failure to successfully manage changes in search engine optimization and social media traffic to increase our
digital presence and Visibility may reduce our traffic levels;
P. 6 — THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY