| PART III |
| to. @s, @es G©© Go e I
In addition to the information set forth under the caption “Executive Officers of the Registrant” in Part I of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, the information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections titled
“Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance,” “Proposal Number 1 — Election of Directors,” “Interests
of Related Persons in Certain Transactions of the Company,” “Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,”
beginning with the section titled “Independent Directors,” but only up to and including the section titled "Audit
Committee Financial Experts,” “Board Committees” and “Nominating (St Governance Committee” of our Proxy
Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
The Board of Directors has adopted a code of ethics that applies not only to the principal executive officer,
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, as required by the SEC, but also to our Chairman. The
current version of such code of ethics can be found on the Corporate Governance section of our website at http: / /
investors.nytco.com / investors / corporate-governance. We intend to post any amendments to or waivers from the
code of ethics that apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer on
our website.
I WW; 7 We. m if 7 EM 3 G©S© |
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections titled “Compensation
Committee,” “Directors’ Compensation,” “Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance” and “Compensation of
Executive Officers” of our Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
7 WW; 7 ram! ' '7 i 7W ;£=?§i{ﬂ?’;:_@? «aim @31‘7 7’ ED mom 7 ' om ’ '7 EPE n. my me avian? ﬂ. 7
7 WEED OGKHO H mm 7
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections titled “Principal Holders of
Common Stock,” “Security Ownership of Management and Directors” and “The 1997 Trust” of our Proxy Statement
for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
P. 104 — THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY