The special items in 2014 consisted of:
° a $21.1 million income tax benefit ($.13 per share) primarily due to reductions in the Company’s reserve for
uncertain tax positions;
° a $9.5 million pre-tax pension settlement charge ($5.7 million after tax, or $.04 per share) in connection with
lump-sum payments made under an immediate pension benefits offer to certain former employees;
° a $9.2 million pre-tax charge ($5.9 million after tax, or $04 per share) for an impairment related to the
Company’s investment in a joint venture; and
° a $2.6 million pre-tax charge ($1.5 million after tax, or $.01 per share) for the early termination of a distribution
agreement.
We have included these non-GAAP financial measures because management reviews them on a regular basis
and uses them to evaluate and manage the performance of our operations. We believe that, for the reasons outlined
below, these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors as a supplement to reported
diluted earnings/ (loss) per share from continuing operations, operating profit / (loss) and operating costs. However,
these measures should be evaluated only in conjunction with the comparable GAAP financial measures and should not
be viewed as alternative or superior measures of GAAP results.
Adjusted diluted earnings per share provides useful information in evaluating our period-to-period
performance because it eliminates items that we do not consider to be indicative of earnings from ongoing operating
activities. Adjusted operating profit is useful in evaluating the ongoing performance of our businesses as it excludes
the significant non-cash impact of depreciation and amortization as well as items not indicative of ongoing operating
activities. Total operating costs include depreciation, amortization, severance and non-operating retirement costs.
Adjusted operating costs, which exclude these items, provide investors with helpful supplemental information on our
underlying operating costs that is used by management in its financial and operational decision-making.
Management considers special items, which may include impairment charges, pension settlement charges and
other items that arise from time to time, to be outside the ordinary course of our operations. Management believes that
excluding these items provides a better understanding of the underlying trends in the Company’s operating
performance and allows more accurate comparisons of the Company’s operating results to historical performance. In
addition, management excludes severance costs, which may ﬂuctuate significantly from quarter to quarter, because it
believes these costs do not necessarily reﬂect expected future operating costs and do not contribute to a meaningful
comparison of the Company’s operating results to historical performance.
N on-operating retirement costs include:
0 interest cost, expected return on plan assets and amortization of actuarial gain and loss components of pension
expense;
0 interest cost and amortization of actuarial gain and loss components of retiree medical expense; and
° all expenses associated with multiemployer pension plan withdrawal obligations not otherwise included as
special items.
These non-operating retirement costs are primarily tied to financial market performance and changes in market
interest rates and investment performance. Non-operating retirement costs do not include service costs and
amortization of prior service costs for pension and retiree medical benefits, which we believe reﬂect the ongoing
operating costs of providing pension and retiree medical benefits to our employees. We consider non-operating
retirement costs to be outside the performance of our ongoing core business operations and believe that presenting
operating results excluding non-operating retirement costs, in addition to our GAAP operating results, provides
increased transparency and a better understanding of the underlying trends in our operating business performance.
P. 34 —- THE NEW YORK TIlVlES COMPANY