Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or current market value. Inventory cost is generally based on the last-
in, first-out (“LIFO”) method for newsprint and the first-in, first-out (“FIFO”) method for other inventories.
Investments
Investments in which we have at least a 20%, but not more than a 50%, interest are generally accounted for
under the equity method. Investment interests below 20% are generally accounted for under the cost method, except
if we could exercise significant inﬂuence, the investment would be accounted for under the equity method.
We evaluate whether there has been an impairment of our cost and equity method investments annually or in
an interim period if circumstances indicate that a possible impairment may exist.
Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed by the straight-line method over the
shorter of estimated asset service lives or lease terms as follows: buildings, building equipment and improvements —
10 to 40 years; equipment — 3 to 30 years; and software — 2 to 5 years. We capitalize interest costs and certain staffing
costs as part of the cost of major projects.
We evaluate whether there has been an impairment of long-lived assets, primarily property, plant and
equipment, if certain circumstances indicate that a possible impairment may exist. These assets are tested for
impairment at the asset group level associated with the lowest level of cash ﬂows. An impairment exists if the
carrying value of the asset (1) is not recoverable (the carrying value of the asset is greater than the sum of
undiscounted cash ﬂows) and (2) is greater than its fair value.
Goodwill and Intangibles
Goodwill is the excess of cost over the fair value of tangible and intangible net assets acquired. Goodwill is not
amortized but tested for impairment annually or in an interim period if certain circumstances indicate a possible
impairment may exist. Our annual impairment testing date is the first day of our fiscal fourth quarter.
We test for goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level, which is our single operating segment. We first
perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit
is less than its carrying value. The qualitative assessment includes, but is not limited to, the results of our most recent
quantitative impairment test, consideration of industry, market and macroeconomic conditions, cost factors, cash
ﬂows, changes in key management personnel and our share price. The result of this assessment determines whether it
is necessary to perform the goodwill impairment two-step test. For the 2016 annual impairment testing, based on our
qualitative assessment, we concluded that it is more likely than not that goodwill is not impaired.
If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying
value, in the first step, we compare the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill.
Fair value is calculated by a combination of a discounted cash ﬂow model and a market approach model. In
calculating fair value for our reporting unit, we generally weigh the results of the discounted cash ﬂow model more
heavily than the market approach because the discounted cash ﬂow model is specific to our business and long-term
projections. If the fair value exceeds the carrying amount, goodwill is not considered impaired. If the carrying amount
exceeds the fair value, the second step must be performed to measure the amount of the impairment loss, if any. In the
second step, we compare the implied fair value of the reporting unit’s goodwill with the carrying amount of that
goodwill. An impairment loss would be recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of the
goodwill over the implied fair value of the goodwill.
Intangible assets that are not amortized (i.e., trade names) are tested for impairment at the asset level by
comparing the fair value of the asset with its carrying amount. If the fair value, which is based on future cash ﬂows,
exceeds the carrying value, the asset is not considered impaired. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an
impairment loss would be recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over the
fair value of the asset.
Intangible assets that are amortized (i.e., customer lists, non-competes, etc.) are tested for impairment at the
asset level associated with the lowest level of cash ﬂows. An impairment exists if the carrying value of the asset (1) is
not recoverable (the carrying value of the asset is greater than the sum of undiscounted cash flows) and (2) is greater
than its fair value.
THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY — P. 61