Competition for certain types of acquisitions, particularly digital properties, is significant. Even if successfully
negotiated, closed and integrated, certain acquisitions or investments may prove not to advance our business strategy
and may fall short of expected return on investment targets, which would adversely affect our business, results of
operations and financial condition.
We have made investments in companies, and we may make similar investments in the future. Investments in
these businesses subject us to the operating and financial risks of these businesses and to the risk that we do not have
sole control over the operations of these businesses. Our investments are generally illiquid and the absence of a
market may inhibit our ability to dispose of them. In addition, if the book value of an investment were to exceed its
fair value, we would be required to recognize an impairment charge related to the investment.
Security breaches and other network and information systems disruptions could aﬁect our ability to conduct our
business eﬁ’ectively.
Our online systems store and process confidential subscriber, employee and other sensitive personal data, and
therefore maintaining our network security is of critical importance. We use third-party technology and systems for a
variety of operations, including encryption and authentication technology, employee email, domain name
registration, content delivery to customers, back-office support and other functions. Our systems, and those of third
parties upon which our business relies, may be vulnerable to interruption or damage that can result from natural
disasters, fires, power outages, acts of terrorism or other similar events, or from deliberate attacks such as computer
hacking, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service
attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing.
We have implemented controls and taken other preventative measures designed to strengthen our systems
against attacks, including measures designed to reduce the impact of a security breach at our third-party vendors.
Although the costs of the controls and other measures we have taken to date have not had a material effect on our
financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, there can be no assurance as to the costs of additional controls
and measures that we may conclude are necessary in the future.
There can also be no assurance that the actions, measures and controls we have implemented will be effective
against future attacks or be sufficient to prevent a future security breach or other disruption to our network or
information systems, or those of our third-party providers. Such an event could result in a disruption of our services
or improper disclosure of personal data or confidential information, which could harm our reputation, require us to
expend resources to remedy such a security breach or defend against further attacks, divert management’s attention
and resources or subject us to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased operating costs or
loss of revenue.
Our international operations expose us to economic and other risks inherent in foreign operations.
We have news bureaus and other offices around the world, and our print, web and mobile products are
generally available globally. We are focused on further expanding the international scope of our business, and face the
inherent risks associated with doing business abroad, including:
° effectively managing and staffing foreign operations, including complying with local laws and regulations in
each different jurisdiction;
° ensuring the safety and security of our journalists and other employees working in foreign locations;
0 navigating local customs and practices;
° government policies and regulations that restrict the digital flow of information, which could block access to,
or the functionality of, our products;
0 protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights under varying legal regimes;
° complying with international laws and regulations, including those governing consumer privacy and the
collection, use, retention, sharing and security of consumer data;
° economic uncertainty, volatility in local markets and political or social instability;
° restrictions on foreign ownership, foreign investment or repatriation of funds;
0 higher-than-anticipated costs of entry; and
P. 10 —- THE NEW YORK TIlVlES COMPANY