The discounted cash ﬂow analysis requires us to make various judgments, estimates and assumptions, many of
which are interdependent, about future revenues, operating margins, growth rates, capital expenditures, working
capital and discount rates. The starting point for the assumptions used in our discounted cash ﬂow analysis is the
annual long-range financial forecast. The annual planning process that we undertake to prepare the long-range
financial forecast takes into consideration a multitude of factors, including historical growth rates and operating
performance, related industry trends, macroeconomic conditions, and marketplace data, among others. Assumptions
are also made for perpetual growth rates for periods beyond the long-range financial forecast period. Our estimates of
fair value are sensitive to changes in all of these variables, certain of which relate to broader macroeconomic
conditions outside our control.
The market approach analysis includes applying a multiple, based on comparable market transactions, to
certain operating metrics of the reporting unit.
The significant estimates and assumptions used by management in assessing the recoverability of goodwill
acquired and other intangibles are estimated future cash ﬂows, discount rates, growth rates, as well as other factors.
Any changes in these estimates or assumptions could result in an impairment charge. The estimates, based on
reasonable and supportable assumptions and projections, require management’s subjective judgment. Depending on
the assumptions and estimates used, the estimated results of the impairment tests can vary within a range of
outcomes.
In addition to annual testing, management uses certain indicators to evaluate whether the carrying value of our
reporting unit may not be recoverable and an interim impairment test may be required. These indicators include: (1)
current-period operating or cash ﬂow declines combined with a history of operating or cash ﬂow declines or a
projection / forecast that demonstrates continuing declines in the cash ﬂow or the inability to improve our operations
to forecasted levels, (2) a significant adverse change in the business climate, whether structural or technological, (3)
significant impairments and (4) a decline in our stock price and market capitalization.
Management has applied what it believes to be the most appropriate valuation methodology for its impairment
testing. Additionally, management believes that the likelihood of an impairment of goodwill is remote due to the
excess market capitalization relative to its net book value. See Note 4.
Self-Insurance
We self-insure for workers’ compensation costs, automobile and general liability claims, up to certain
deductible limits, as well as for certain employee medical and disability benefits. The recorded liabilities for self-
insured risks are primarily calculated using actuarial methods. The liabilities include amounts for actual claims, claim
growth and claims incurred but not yet reported. The recorded liabilities for self-insured risks were approximately
$38 million and $41 million as of December 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015, respectively.
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits
Our single-employer pension and other postretirement benefit costs are accounted for using actuarial
valuations. We recognize the funded status of these plans — measured as the difference between plan assets, if funded,
and the benefit obligation — on the balance sheet and recognize changes in the funded status that arise during the
period but are not recognized as components of net periodic pension cost, within other comprehensive income / (loss),
net of income taxes. The assets related to our funded pension plans are measured at fair value.
We make significant subjective judgments about a number of actuarial assumptions, which include discount
rates, health-care cost trend rates, long-term return on plan assets and mortality rates. Depending on the assumptions
and estimates used, the impact from our pension and other postretirement benefits could vary within a range of
outcomes and could have a material effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
We also recognize the present value of pension liabilities associated with the withdrawal from multiemployer
pension plans. We record liabilities for obligations related to complete, partial and estimated withdrawals from
multiemployer pension plans. The actual liability is not known until each plan completes a final assessment of the
withdrawal liability and issues a demand to us. Therefore, we adjust the estimate of our multiemployer pension plan
liability as more information becomes available that allows us to refine our estimates.
See Notes 9 and 10 for additional information regarding pension and other postretirement benefits.
P. 62 —- THE NEW YORK TIlVlES COMPANY