° we may be unable to maintain or update our technology infrastructure in a way that meets market and
consumer demands; and
° the distribution of our content on delivery platforms of third parties may lead to limitations on monetization
of our products, the loss of control over distribution of our content and loss of a direct relationship with our
audience.
Responding to these changes may require significant investment. We may be limited in our ability to invest
funds and resources in digital products, services or opportunities, and we may incur expense in building, maintaining
and evolving our technology infrastructure.
Unless we are able to use new and existing technologies to distinguish our products and services from those of
our competitors and develop in a timely manner compelling new products and services that engage users across
platforms, our business, financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected.
Our advertising revenues are aﬁ‘ected by numerous factors, including economic conditions, market dynamics,
audience fragmentation and evolving digital advertising trends.
We derive substantial revenues from the sale of advertising in our products. Advertising spending is sensitive
to overall economic conditions, and our advertising revenues could be adversely affected if advertisers respond to
weak and uneven economic conditions by reducing their budgets or shifting spending patterns or priorities, or if they
are forced to consolidate or cease operations.
In determining whether to buy advertising, our advertisers consider the demand for our products,
demographics of our reader base, advertising rates, results observed by advertisers, and alternative advertising
options.
Although print advertising revenue continues to represent a majority of our total advertising revenue (64% of
our total advertising revenues in 2016), the increased popularity of digital media among consumers, particularly as a
source for news and other content, has driven a corresponding shift in demand from print advertising to digital
advertising. However, our digital advertising revenue may not replace in full print advertising revenue lost as a result
of the shift.
The increasing number of digital media options available, including through social networking platforms and
news aggregation websites, has expanded consumer choice significantly, resulting in audience fragmentation.
Competition from new content providers and platforms, some of which charge lower rates than we do or have greater
audience reach and targeting capabilities, and the significant increase in inventory of digital advertising space, have
affected and will likely continue to affect our ability to attract and retain advertisers and to maintain or increase our
advertising rates.
The digital advertising market itself continues to undergo significant change. Digital advertising networks and
exchanges, real-time bidding and other programmatic buying channels that allow advertisers to buy audiences at
scale are playing a more significant role in the advertising marketplace and may cause further downward pricing
pressure. New delivery platforms may also lead to loss of distribution and pricing control and loss of a direct
relationship with consumers. In addition, changes in the standards for the delivery of digital advertising, such as the
industry-wide standard on Viewability, could also negatively affect our digital advertising revenues.
Technologies have been developed, and will likely continue to be developed, that enable consumers to
circumvent digital advertising on websites and mobile devices. Advertisements blocked by these technologies are
treated as not delivered and any revenue we would otherwise receive from the advertiser for that advertisement is
lost. Increased adoption of these technologies could adversely affect our advertising revenues, particularly if we are
unable to develop effective solutions to mitigate their impact.
As the digital advertising market continues to evolve, our ability to compete successfully for advertising
budgets will depend on, among other things, our ability to engage and grow digital audiences and prove the value of
our advertising and the effectiveness of our platforms to advertisers.
THE NEW YORK TIlVIES COMPANY — P. 7