One of our largest sources of revenue is advertising. Our business has historically experienced higher
advertising volume in the fourth quarter than the remaining quarters because of holiday advertising.
0 WW“ * 9). (W ’ * * ’ 1 [m] a. se REEMEN‘W‘ w ’ Tﬁfa‘] coo "* W or coo “no u. *
f DisoLosuaE e
Not applicable.
I 9A 66) “i ©© I
EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer,
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of December 25, 2016. Based upon such evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure
that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and
forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting and the attestation report of our independent
registered public accounting firm on our internal control over financial reporting are set forth in Item 8 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-I< and are incorporated by reference herein.
CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 25,
2016, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting.
I USU EM]; 7 €13 @vﬂﬁER mm |
On February 16, 2017, the Compensation Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors approved a form of
Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the “RSU Agreement”) to govern the terms of restricted stock units (“RSUs”)
granted to employees under the Company’s 2010 Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended (the ”Plan”). Under the
terms of the RSU Agreement (and subject to the Plan), holders of RSUs will be entitled to receive one share of the
Company’s Class A Common Stock per RSU upon the vesting thereof provided the holder remains continuously
employed with the Company through the vesting date. RSUs vest in accordance with a vesting schedule specified at
the time of grant. The RSU Agreement provides for the acceleration of vesting upon the holder ’s death or Disability
(as defined in the Plan), or upon the holder’s termination in certain circumstances within 12 months following a
Change in Control (as defined in the Plan). Holders of RSUs are entitled to payments equal to dividends paid on the
Company’s Class A Common Stock during the vesting period.
The foregoing summary of the RSU Agreement is incomplete and is qualified by reference to the form of RSU
Agreement filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY — P. 103