We also made a number of acquisitions during the year. In March 2016 and August 2016, we acquired digital
marketing agencies, HelloSociety and Fake Love, respectively, for a total of $15.4 million. And in October 2016, we
acquired product review and recommendation websites The Wirecutter and The Sweethome for $25.0 million. See
Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding these acquisitions.
The Company sold the New England Media Group in 2013 and the Regional Media Group and the About
Group in 2012. The results of operations for these businesses have been presented as discontinued operations for all
periods presented. See Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding these discontinued operations.
PRODUCTS
The Company’s principal business consists of distributing content generated by our newsroom through our
print, web and mobile platforms. In addition, we distribute selected content on third-party platforms. The Times’s
print edition, a daily (Mon. - Sat.) and Sunday newspaper in the United States, commenced publication in 1851. The
NYTimes.com website was launched in 1996. The Times also has an international edition that is tailored and edited
for global audiences. First published in 2013 and previously called the International New York Times, the
international edition succeeded the International Herald Tribune, a leading daily newspaper that commenced
publishing in Paris in 1887.
Our print newspapers are sold in the United States and around the world through individual home-delivery
subscriptions, bulk subscriptions (primarily by schools and hotels) and single-copy sales. All print home-delivery
subscribers are entitled to receive unlimited digital access.
Since 2011, we have charged consumers for content provided on our core news websites and mobile
applications. Digital subscriptions can be purchased individually or through group corporate or group education
subscriptions. Our metered model offers users free access to a set number of articles per month and then charges
users for access to content beyond that limit. In addition, certain subscriptions include access to Times Insider, a suite
of exclusive online content and features.
In addition to our core news websites and mobile applications, the Company has a number of websites and
mobile applications that are tailored to a variety of interests, including NYT Cooking and our Crossword product.
CIRCULATION AND AUDIENCE
Our content reaches a broad audience through our print, web and mobile platforms. As of December 25, 2016,
we had approximately 2.9 million paid subscriptions in 195 countries to our print and digital products, and in early
2017, we surpassed three million paid subscriptions to our products.
In the United States, The Times had the largest daily and Sunday circulation of all seven-day newspapers for
the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, according to data collected by the Alliance for Audited Media
(“AAM”), an independent agency that audits circulation of most US. newspapers and magazines.
For the fiscal year ended December 25, 2016, The Times’s average print circulation (which includes paid and
qualified circulation of the newspaper in print) was approximately 571,500 for weekday (Monday to Friday) and
1,085,700 for Sunday. (Under AAM’s reporting guidance, qualified circulation represents copies available for
individual consumers that are either non-paid or paid by someone other than the individual, such as copies delivered
to schools and colleges and copies purchased by businesses for free distribution.)
Internationally, average circulation for the international edition of our newspaper (which includes paid
circulation of the newspaper in print and electronic replica editions) for the fiscal years ended December 25, 2016, and
December 27, 2015, was approximately 197,000 (estimated) and 215,000, respectively. These figures follow the
guidance of Office de Justification de la Diffusion, an agency based in Paris and a member of the International
Federation of Audit Bureaux of Circulations that audits the circulation of most newspapers and magazines in France.
The final 2016 figure will not be available until April 2017.
Paid digital-only subscriptions totaled approximately 1,853,000 as of December 25, 2016, an increase of
approximately 46% compared with December 27, 2015. This amount includes paid subscriptions to our Crossword
product, which totaled approximately 245,000 as of December 25, 2016. This amount also includes estimated group
corporate and group education subscriptions (which collectively represent approximately 7% of total paid digital
subscriptions to our news products). The number of paid group subscriptions is derived using the value of the
P. 2 — THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY