NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. Basis of Presentation
Nature of Operations
The New York Times Company is a global media organization that includes newspapers, print and digital
products and investments (see Note 5). The New York Times Company and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred
to collectively as the “Company,” “we,” “our” and “us.” Our major sources of revenue are circulation and advertising.
Principles of Consolidation
The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and include the accounts of our Company
and our wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries after elimination of all significant intercompany transactions.
The portion of the net income or loss and equity of a subsidiary attributable to the owners of a subsidiary other
than the Company (a noncontrolling interest) is included as a component of consolidated stockholders’ equity in our
Consolidated Balance Sheets, within net income or loss in our Consolidated Statements of Operations, within
comprehensive income or loss in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income / (Loss) and as a component
of consolidated stockholders’ equity in our Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Actual results could differ
from these estimates.
Fiscal Year
Our fiscal year end is the last Sunday in December. Fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014 each comprised 52 weeks
and ended on December 25, 2016, December 27, 2015, and December 28, 2014, respectively.
2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Cash and Cash Equivalents
We consider all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash
equivalents.
Marketable Securities
We have investments in marketable debt securities. We determine the appropriate classification of our
investments at the date of purchase and reevaluate the classifications at the balance sheet date. Marketable debt
securities with maturities of 12 months or less are classified as short-term. Marketable debt securities with maturities
greater than 12 months are classified as long-term. We have the intent and ability to hold our marketable debt
securities until maturity; therefore, they are accounted for as held-to-maturity and stated at amortized cost.
Concentration of Risk
Financial instruments, which potentially subject us to concentration of risk, are cash and cash equivalents and
investments. Cash is placed with major financial institutions. As of December 25, 2016, we had cash balances at
financial institutions in excess of federal insurance limits. We periodically evaluate the credit standing of these
financial institutions as part of our ongoing investment strategy.
Our investment portfolio consists of investment-grade securities diversified among security types, issuers and
industries. Our cash equivalents and investments are primarily managed by third-party investment managers who
are required to adhere to investment policies approved by our Board of Directors designed to mitigate risk.
Accounts Receivable
Credit is extended to our advertisers and our subscribers based upon an evaluation of the customer ’5 financial
condition, and collateral is not required from such customers. Allowances for estimated credit losses, rebates, returns,
rate adjustments and discounts are generally established based on historical experience.
P. 60 —- THE NEW YORK TIlVlES COMPANY