° currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations.
Adverse developments in any of these areas could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. We may, for example, incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly
adopted laws and regulations or penalties for any failure to comply. In addition, we have limited experience in
developing and marketing our digital products in international regions and could be at a disadvantage compared
with local and multinational competitors.
A significant number of our employees are unionized, and our business and results of operations could be adversely
aﬁ’ected if labor agreements were to further restrict our ability to maximize the eﬁ‘iciency of our operations.
Approximately half of our full-time equivalent work force is unionized. As a result, we are required to negotiate
the wages, salaries, benefits, staffing levels and other terms with many of our employees collectively. Our results
could be adversely affected if future labor negotiations or contracts were to further restrict our ability to maximize the
efficiency of our operations. If we are unable to negotiate labor contracts on reasonable terms, or if we were to
experience labor unrest or other business interruptions in connection with labor negotiations or otherwise, our ability
to produce and deliver our products could be impaired. In addition, our ability to make adjustments to control
compensation and benefits costs, change our strategy or otherwise adapt to changing business needs may be limited
by the terms and duration of our collective bargaining agreements.
Our brand and reputation are key assets of the Company, and negative perceptions or publicity could adversely aﬁect
our business, financial condition and results of operations.
The New York Times brand is a key asset of the Company, and we believe that it has contributed significantly to
the success of our business. We also believe that our continued success depends on our ability to preserve, grow and
leverage the value of our brand. We believe that we have a powerful and trusted brand with an excellent reputation
for high-quality journalism and content, but our brand could be damaged by incidents that erode consumer trust. For
example, to the extent consumers perceive the quality of our content to be less reliable, our ability to attract readers
and advertisers may be hindered. In addition, we may introduce new products or services that users do not like and
which may negatively affect our brand. We also may fail to provide adequate customer service, which could erode
confidence in our brand. Our reputation could also be damaged by failures of third-party vendors we rely on in many
contexts. Maintaining and enhancing our brand may require us to make significant investments, which may not be
successful. To the extent our brand and reputation are damaged by these or other incidents, our revenues and
profitability could be adversely affected.
Our business may suﬁ’er if we cannot protect our intellectual property.
Our business depends on our intellectual property, including our valuable brands, content, services and
internally developed technology. We believe our proprietary trademarks and other intellectual property rights are
important to our continued success and our competitive position. Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or
otherwise unlawfully obtain and use our content, services, technology and other intellectual property, and we cannot
be certain that the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary rights will prevent any misappropriation or
confusion among consumers and merchants, or unauthorized use of these rights.
Advancements in technology have made the unauthorized duplication and wide dissemination of content
easier, making the enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging. In addition, as our business and the
risk of misappropriation of our intellectual property rights have become more global in scope, we may not be able to
protect our proprietary rights in a cost-effective manner in a multitude of jurisdictions with varying laws.
If we are unable to procure, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, including maintaining and
monetizing our intellectual property rights to our content, we may not realize the full value of these assets, and our
business and profitability may suffer. In addition, if we must litigate in the United States or elsewhere to enforce our
intellectual property rights or determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, such litigation may
be costly and divert the attention of our management. In addition, if we must take actions, including litigation, in the
United States or elsewhere to enforce our intellectual property rights or determine the validity and scope of the
proprietary rights of others, such actions may be costly and divert the attention of our management.
THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY — P. 11