REPORT OF MANAGEMENT
Management’s Responsibility for the Financial Statements
The Company’s consolidated financial statements were prepared by management, who is responsible for their
integrity and objectivity. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and, as such, include amounts based on
management’s best estimates and judgments.
Management is further responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company’s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. The
Company follows and continuously monitors its policies and procedures for internal control over financial reporting
to ensure that this objective is met (see “Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting” below).
The consolidated financial statements were audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public
accounting firm, in 2016, 2015 and 2014. Its audits were conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and its report is shown on Page 50.
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which is composed solely of independent directors, meets
regularly with the independent registered public accounting firm, internal auditors and management to discuss
specific accounting, financial reporting and internal control matters. Both the independent registered public
accounting firm and the internal auditors have full and free access to the Audit Committee. Each year the Audit
Committee selects, subject to ratification by stockholders, the firm which is to perform audit and other related work
for the Company.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a—15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The
Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with GAAP. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:
° pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
0 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and
0 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or
disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate.
Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 25, 2016. In
making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on its assessment,
management concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 25,
2016.
The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, that audited the
consolidated financial statements of the Company included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an
attestation report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 25, 2016, which is
included on Page 51 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY — P. 49