state of the economy. There can be no assurance that the Company will continue to have access to the capital markets
on terms acceptable to it.
In addition, macroeconomic conditions, such as continued or increased volatility or disruption in the credit
markets, could adversely affect our ability to obtain financing to support operations or to fund acquisitions or other
capital-intensive initiatives.
Our Class B Common Stock is principally held by descendants of Adolph S. Ochs, through a family trust, and this
control could create conflicts of interest or inhibit potential changes of control.
We have two classes of stock: Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Holders of Class A Common
Stock are entitled to elect 30% of the Board of Directors and to vote, with holders of Class B Common Stock, on the
reservation of shares for equity grants, certain material acquisitions and the ratification of the selection of our
auditors. Holders of Class B Common Stock are entitled to elect the remainder of the Board of Directors and to vote
on all other matters. Our Class B Common Stock is principally held by descendants of Adolph S. Ochs, who
purchased The Times in 1896. A family trust holds approximately 90% of the Class B Common Stock. As a result, the
trust has the ability to elect 70% of the Board of Directors and to direct the outcome of any matter that does not
require a vote of the Class A Common Stock. Under the terms of the trust agreement, the trustees are directed to retain
the Class B Common Stock held in trust and to vote such stock against any merger, sale of assets or other transaction
pursuant to which control of The Times passes from the trustees, unless they determine that the primary objective of
the trust can be achieved better by the implementation of such transaction. Because this concentrated control could
discourage others from initiating any potential merger, tal<eover or other change of control transaction that may
otherwise be beneficial to our businesses, the market price of our Class A Common Stock could be adversely affected.
Adverse results from litigation or governmental investigations can impact our business practices and operating
results.
From time to time, we are party to litigation and regulatory, environmental and other proceedings with
governmental authorities and administrative agencies. See Note 18 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements regarding certain matters. Adverse outcomes in lawsuits or investigations could result in significant
monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition as
well as our ability to conduct our business as it is presently being conducted. In addition, regardless of merit or
outcome, such proceedings can have an adverse impact on the Company as a result of legal costs, diversion of
management and other personnel, and other factors.
I [Item ﬂlB. UNRES©L©TFW was |
None.
THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY — P. 13