REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
ON CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
The New York Times Company
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The New York Times Company as of
December 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive
income / (loss), changes in stockholders’ equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended
December 25, 2016. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed at Item 15(A) (2) of The New York
Times Company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K. These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility
of The New York Times Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements and schedule based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of The New York Times Company at December 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015, and the
consolidated results of its operations and its cash ﬂows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended
December 25, 2016, in conformity with US. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related
financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents
fairly in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States), The New York Times Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 25, 2016,
based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 22, 2017 expressed an
unqualified opinion thereon.
Isl Ernst &Young LLP
New York, New York
February 22, 2017
P. 50 —- THE NEW YORK TIlVlES COMPANY