investment managers and communicating the investment guidelines and performance objectives to the investment
managers.
Our contributions are made on a basis determined by the actuaries in accordance with the funding
requirements and limitations of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (“ERISA”) and the Internal Revenue
Code.
Investment Policy and Strategy
The primary long-term investment objective is to allocate assets in a manner that produces a total rate of return
that meets or exceeds the growth of our pension liabilities. Our investment objective is to transition the asset mix to
hedge liabilities and minimize volatility in the funded status of the plans.
Asset Allocation Guidelines
In accordance with our asset allocation strategy, for substantially all of our Company-sponsored pension plan
assets, investments are categorized into long duration fixed income investments whose value is highly correlated to
that of the pension plan obligations (“Long Duration Assets”) or other investments, such as equities and high-yield
fixed income securities, whose return over time is expected to exceed the rate of growth in our pension plan
obligations (“Return-Seeking Assets”).
The proportional allocation of assets between Long Duration Assets and Return-Seeking Assets is dependent on
the funded status of each pension plan. Under our policy, for example, a funded status between 95% and 97.5%
requires an allocation of total assets of 53% to 63% to Long Duration Assets and 37% to 47% to Return-Seeking Assets.
As a plan's funded status increases, the allocation to Long Duration Assets will increase and the allocation to Return-
Seeking Assets will decrease.
The following asset allocation guidelines apply to the Return-Seeking Assets:
iAsset Category Percentage Range 7
|Public Equity 70% - 90%j
Growth Fixed Income 0% - 15%
[Alternatives 0% - 1 5%]
Cash 0% - 10%
The asset allocations of our Company-sponsored pension plans by asset category for both Long Duration and
Return-Seeking Assets, as of December 25, 2016, were as follows:
iAsset Category Percentage 7
|Public Equity 45%j
Fixed Income 51%
[Alternatives 3%]
Cash 1%
The specified target allocation of assets and ranges set forth above are maintained and reviewed on a periodic
basis by the pension investment committee. The pension investment committee may direct the transfer of assets
between investment managers in order to rebalance the portfolio in accordance with approved asset allocation ranges
to accomplish the investment objectives for the pension plan assets.
THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY — P. 79