| PARTI |
I o—ooe @TI’A‘ITEMEWQ |
This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the sections titled “Item 1A — Risk Factors” and “Item 7 —
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” contains forward-looking
statements that relate to future events or our future financial performance. We may also make written and oral
forward-looking statements in our Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) filings and otherwise. We have
tried, where possible, to identify such statements by using words such as “believe,” “expect,” “intend,” “estimate,”
“anticipate,” “will,” “could,” “project,” “plan” and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future
operating or financial performance. Any forward-looking statements are and will be based upon our then-current
expectations, estimates and assumptions regarding future events and are applicable only as of the dates of such
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise.
By their nature, forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those anticipated in any such statements. You should bear this in mind as you consider
forward-looking statements. Factors that we think could, individually or in the aggregate, cause our actual results to
differ materially from expected and historical results include those described in “Item 1A — Risk Factors” below, as
well as other risks and factors identified from time to time in our SEC filings.
| mﬁ’ﬂom 13% l
OVERVIEW
The New York Times Company (the ”Company”) was incorporated on August 26, 1896, under the laws of the
State of New York. The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to collectively in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K as “we,” “our” and “us.”
We are a global media organization focused on creating, collecting and distributing high-quality news and
information. Our continued commitment to premium content and journalistic excellence makes The New York Times
brand a trusted source of news and information for readers and Viewers across various platforms. Recognized widely
for the quality of our reporting and content, our publications have been awarded many industry and peer accolades,
including 119 Pulitzer Prizes and citations, more than any other news organization.
The Company includes newspapers, print and digital products and investments. We have one reportable
segment with businesses that include:
° our newspaper, The New York Times (“The Times”);
° our websites, including NYTimes.com;
° our mobile applications, including The Times’s core news applications, as well as interest-specific
applications such as NYT Cooking, Crossword and others; and
0 related businesses, such as The Times news services division, product review and recommendation websites
The Wirecutter and The Sweethome, digital archive distribution, NYT Live (our live events business) and
other products and services under The Times brand.
We generate revenues principally from circulation and advertising. Circulation revenue is derived from the sale
of subscriptions to our print, web and mobile products and single-copy sales of our print newspaper. Advertising
revenue is derived from the sale of our advertising products and services on our print, web and mobile platforms.
Revenue information for the Company appears under “Item 7 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.”
During 2016, the Company continued to focus on investing in original, quality journalism across its print and
digital platforms. Among other things, we launched groundbreaking digital journalism projects and created
compelling special inserts in our print newspaper. In addition, we continued to create innovative digital advertising
solutions across our platforms and continued to expand our branded content studio.
THE NEW YORK TIlVlES COMPANY — P. 1