Operating costs in 2016 increased 1.3% to $1.41 billion, compared with $1.39 billion in 2015. The increase was
primarily due to higher advertising, technology, marketing and newsroom costs, partially offset by lower print
production and distribution costs. Operating costs before depreciation, amortization, severance and non-operating
retirement costs discussed below (or “adjusted operating costs,” a non-GAAP measure) increased 1.9% to $1.31 billion
in 2016, compared with $1.29 billion in 2015.
N on-operating retirement costs decreased to $15.9 million in 2016 from $34.4 million in 2015, driven primarily
by a change in the methodology of calculating the discount rate applied to retirement costs.
Business Environment
We believe that a number of factors and industry trends have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect
on our business and prospects. These include the following:
Competition in our industry
We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our print and digital products compete for advertising and
circulation revenue with both traditional and new content providers. Competition among companies offering online
content is intense, and new competitors can quickly emerge. Some of our current and potential competitors may have
greater resources than we do, which may allow them to compete more effectively than us.
Our ability to compete effectively depends on, among other things, our ability to continue delivering high-
quality journalism and content that is interesting and relevant to our audience; the popularity, ease of use and
performance of our products compared to those of our competitors; the engagement of our current readers with our
print and digital products, and our ability to reach new readers; our ability to develop, maintain and monetize our
products; our ability to attract, retain and motivate talented employees, including journalists and product and
technology specialists; and our ability to manage and grow our business in a cost-effective manner.
Continuing shift to digital from print
Circulation revenue is a significant source of revenue for us and an increasingly important driver as the overall
composition of our revenues has shifted in response to transformations in our industry. The largest portion of our
circulation revenue is currently from our print newspaper, where we have experienced declining print circulation
volume in recent years. This is due to, among other factors, increased competition from digital media formats (which
are often free to users), higher print subscription and single-copy rates and a growing preference among some
consumers to receive their news from sources other than a print newspaper.
Advances in technology have led to an increased number of methods for the delivery and consumption of news
and other content. These developments are also driving changes in the preferences and expectations of consumers as
they seek more control over how they consume content. Our ability to retain and continue to build on our digital
subscription base depends on, among other things, our ability to evolve our subscription model, address changing
consumer demands and developments in technology and improve our digital product offering while continuing to
deliver high-quality journalism and content that is interesting and relevant to readers.
Advertising market dynamics
We derive substantial revenue from the sale of advertising in our print and digital products. In determining
whether to buy advertising, our advertisers consider the demand for our products, demographics of our reader base,
advertising rates, results observed by advertisers, and alternative advertising options.
During 2016, the Company, along with others in the industry, continued to experience significant pressure on
print advertising revenue. Although print advertising revenue continues to represent a majority of our total
advertising revenue, the increased popularity of digital media among consumers, particularly as a source for news
and other content, has driven a corresponding shift in demand from print advertising to digital advertising. However,
our digital advertising revenue may not replace in full print advertising revenue lost as a result of the shift.
The digital advertising market continues to undergo significant changes. The increasing number of digital
media options available, including through social networking platforms and news aggregation websites, has resulted
in audience fragmentation and increased competition for advertising. Competition from new content providers and
platforms, some of which charge lower rates than we do or have greater audience reach and targeting capabilities,
and the significant increase in inventory of digital advertising space, have affected and will likely continue to affect
our ability to attract and retain advertisers and to maintain or increase our advertising rates. In addition, digital
THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY — P. 23