As a result of these required contributions, we may have less cash available for working capital and other
corporate uses, which may have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
Our participation in multiemployer pension plans may subject us to liabilities that could materially adversely affect
our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
We participate in, and make periodic contributions to, various multiemployer pension plans that cover many of
our current and former production and delivery union employees. Our required contributions to these plans could
increase because of a shrinking contribution base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other companies that
currently contribute to these plans, the inability or failure of withdrawing companies to pay their withdrawal liability,
low interest rates, lower than expected returns on pension fund assets or other funding deficiencies. Our withdrawal
liability for any multiemployer pension plan will depend on the nature and timing of any triggering event and the
extent of that plan’s funding of vested benefits.
If a multiemployer pension plan in which we participate has significant underfunded liabilities, such
underfunding will increase the size of our potential withdrawal liability. In addition, under federal pension law,
special funding rules apply to multiemployer pension plans that are classified as “endangered,” “critical” or “critical
and declining.” If plans in which we participate are in critical status, benefit reductions may apply and / or we could
be required to make additional contributions.
We have recorded significant withdrawal liabilities with respect to multiemployer pension plans in which we
formerly participated (primarily in connection with the sales of the New England and the Regional Media Groups)
and may record additional liabilities in the future. In addition, we have recorded withdrawal liabilities for actual and
estimated partial withdrawals from several plans in which we continue to participate. Until demand letters from
some of the multiemployer plans’ trustees are received, the exact amount of the withdrawal liability will not be fully
known and, as such, a difference from the recorded estimate could have an adverse effect on our results of operations,
financial condition and cash ﬂows. Several of the multiemployer plans in which we participate are specific to the
newspaper industry, which continues to undergo significant pressure. A withdrawal by a significant percentage of
participants may result in a mass withdrawal declaration by the trustees of one or more of these plans, which would
require us to record additional withdrawal liabilities.
If, in the future, we elect to withdraw from these plans or if we trigger a partial withdrawal due to declines in
contribution base units or a partial cessation of our obligation to contribute, additional liabilities would need to be
recorded that could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash ﬂows.
Acquisitions, divestitures, investments and other transactions could adversely aﬁ’ect our costs, revenues,
profitability and financial position.
In order to position our business to take advantage of growth opportunities, we engage in discussions, evaluate
opportunities and enter into agreements for possible acquisitions, divestitures, investments and other transactions.
We may also consider the acquisition of, or investment in, specific properties, businesses or technologies that fall
outside our traditional lines of business and diversify our portfolio, including those that may operate in new and
developing industries, if we deem such properties sufficiently attractive. In 2016, for example, we acquired
HelloSociety and Fake Love, two digital marketing agencies, as well as product review and recommendation websites
The Wirecutter and The Sweethome.
Acquisitions involve significant risks, including:
° difficulties in integrating acquired operations (including cultural challenges associated with integrating
employees from the acquired company into our organization);
° diversion of management attention from other business concerns or resources;
° use of resources that are needed in other parts of our business;
° possible dilution of our brand or harm to our reputation;
o the potential loss of key employees;
0 risks associated with integrating financial reporting and internal control systems; and
° other unanticipated problems and liabilities.
THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY — P. 9