currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the new stock compensation guidance. Based upon our initial
evaluation, we do not expect the adoption of the standard to have a material effect on our financial condition or
results of operations.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, “Leases,” which provides guidance on accounting for leases
and disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. The guidance requires lessees to recognize the
following for all operating and finance leases at the commencement date: (1) a lease liability, which is the obligation to
make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis and (2) a right-of—use asset representing
the lessee’s right to use, or control the use of, the underlying asset for the lease term. A lessee is permitted to make an
accounting policy election not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases with a term of 12
months or less. The guidance does not fundamentally change lessor accounting; however, some changes have been
made to align that guidance with the lessee guidance and other areas within GAAP. This guidance becomes effective
for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 30, 2018. Early application is permitted. This guidance will
be applied on a modified retrospective basis for leases existing at, or entered into after, the earliest period presented in
the financial statements. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the new leasing guidance and
expect that most of our operating lease commitments will be subject to the new standard. The adoption of the
standard will require us to add right-of—use assets and lease liabilities onto our balance sheet. Based upon our initial
evaluation, we do not expect the adoption of the standard to have a material effect on our results of operations and
liquidity.
In May 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-07, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in
Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value (NAV) per Share (or Its Equivalent). The guidance removes the
requirement to include investments in the fair value hierarchy for which fair value is measured using the NAV per
share practical expedient under Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) 820. The guidance is effective
retrospectively for the year ending December 31, 2016 with early adoption permitted.
In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, “Disclosure of Uncertainties About an Entity’s Ability to
Continue as a Going Concern,” which provides guidance on determining when and how reporting entities must
disclose going-concern uncertainties in their financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform
interim and annual assessment of an entity’s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date of
issuance of the entity’s financial statements. Further, an entity must provide certain disclosures if there is “substantial
doubt about the entity’s ability to continue as a going concern. The new guidance becomes effective for the Company
for fiscal years ending on or after December 15, 2016 and interim periods thereafter. We adopted this ASU
prospectively beginning with our fiscal year ended December 25, 2016.
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers,” which prescribes a
single comprehensive model for entities to use in the accounting of revenue arising from contracts with customers.
The new guidance will supersede virtually all existing revenue guidance under GAAP and International Financial
Reporting Standards and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017. There are two transition
options available to entities: the full retrospective approach or the modified retrospective approach. Under the full
retrospective approach, the Company would restate prior periods in compliance with Accounting Standards
Codification 250, "Accounting Changes and Error Corrections.” Alternatively, the Company may elect the modified
retrospective approach, which allows for the new revenue standard to be applied to existing contracts as of the
effective date with a cumulative catch-up adjustment recorded to retained earnings. We currently anticipate adopting
the new standard using the modified retrospective method beginning January 1, 2018.
Subsequently, in March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus N et),” which clarifies the
implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations in ASU 2014-09. In April 2016, the FASB also
issued ASU 2016-10, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and
Licensing,” to reduce the cost and complexity of applying the guidance on identifying promised goods or services
when identifying a performance obligation and improve the operability and understandability of the licensing
implementation guidance. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606): Narrow Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients,” to reduce the cost and complexity of applying
the guidance to address certain issues on assessing collectability, presentation of sales taxes, noncash consideration,
and completed contracts and contract modifications at transition. The amendments in ASU 2014-09, 2016-10, and
2016-12 do not change the core principle of ASU 2014-09.
THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY — P. 65