As our industry continues to experience a shift from print to digital media, our products face competition for
audience and advertising from a wide variety of digital media, including news and other information websites and
mobile applications, news aggregation sites, sites that cover niche content, social media platforms, and other forms of
media. In addition, we also compete for advertising on digital advertising networks and exchanges and real-time
bidding and other programmatic buying channels.
Our websites and mobile applications most directly compete for traffic and readership with other news and
information websites and mobile applications. NYTimes.com faces competition from sources such as WS].com,
washingtonpost.com, Google News, Yahoo! News, huffingtonpost.com, MSNBC.com and CNN .com. Internationally,
our websites and mobile applications compete against international online sources of English-language news,
including bbc.co.uk, guardian.co.uk, ft.com, WS].com, economist.com, huffingtonpost.com and reuters.com.
OTHER BUSINESSES
We derive revenue from other businesses, which primarily include:
0 The Times news services division, which transmits articles, graphics and photographs from The Times and
other publications to approximately 2,000 newspapers, magazines and websites in over 100 countries and
territories worldwide. It also comprises a number of other businesses that primarily include our online retail
store, product licensing, news digests, book development and rights and permissions;
° The Company’s NYT Live business, which is a platform for our live journalism and convenes thought leaders
from business, academia and government at conferences and events to discuss topics ranging from education
to sustainability to the luxury business;
0 The Wirecutter and The Sweethome, product review and recommendation websites acquired in October 2016
that serve as a guide to technology gear, home products and other consumer goods. These websites generate
affiliate referral revenue (revenue generated by offering direct links to merchants in exchange for a portion of
the sale price), which we record as other revenues; and
0 Digital archive distribution, which licenses electronic archive databases to resellers of that information in the
business, professional and library markets.
JOINT VENTURE INVESTMENTS
We have noncontrolling ownership interests in three entities:
° 49% interest in Donahue Malbaie Inc., a Canadian newsprint company (“Malbaie”);
° 40% interest in Madison Paper Industries, a partnership that previously operated a paper mill (“Madison”);
and
° 30% interest in Women in the World, LLC, a live-event conference business.
Ownership of Malbaie is shared with the Resolute FP Canada Inc. (“Resolute Canada”), which owns the other
51%. Resolute Canada is a subsidiary of Resolute Forest Products Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Resolute”), which is
a large global manufacturer of paper, market pulp and wood products. Malbaie manufactures newsprint on the paper
machine it owns within Resolute’s paper mill in Clermont, Quebec, and is wholly dependent upon Resolute for its
pulp, which it purchases from this paper mill. In 2016, Malbaie produced approximately 226,000 metric tons of
newsprint, of which approximately 12% was sold to us.
The Company and UPM-Kymmene Corporation, a Finnish paper manufacturing company (“UPM”), are
partners through subsidiary companies in Madison. The Company’s percentage ownership is through an 80%-owned
consolidated subsidiary. UPM owns 60% of Madison, including a 10% interest through a 20% noncontrolling interest
in the consolidated subsidiary of the Company. The Madison paper mill closed during 2016 and the joint venture is
currently being liquidated.
These investments are accounted for under the equity method and reported in “Investments in joint ventures”
in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 25, 2016. For additional information on these investments, see
“Item 7 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Note 5 of
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
P. 4 — THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY