December 25, 2016. This liability represents the present value of the obligations related to complete and partial
withdrawals that have already occurred as well as an estimate of future partial withdrawals that we considered
probable and reasonably estimable. For those plans that have yet to provide us with a demand letter, the actual
liability will not be known until they complete a final assessment of the withdrawal liability and issue a demand to
us. Therefore, the estimate of our multiemployer pension plan liability will be adjusted as more information becomes
available that allows us to refine our estimates.
See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our
pension plans.
Qt,heLBosIrej,iremenLBeneﬁIs
We provide health benefits to retired employees (and their eligible dependents) who meet the definition of an
eligible participant and certain age and service requirements, as outlined in the plan document. While we offer pre-
age 65 retiree medical coverage to employees who meet certain retiree medical eligibility requirements, we do not
provide post-age 65 retiree medical benefits for employees who retired on or after March 1, 2009. We also contribute to
a postretirement plan under the provisions of a collective bargaining agreement. We accrue the costs of postretirement
benefits during the employees’ active years of service and our policy is to pay our portion of insurance premiums and
claims from our assets.
The annual postretirement expense was calculated using a number of actuarial assumptions, including a health-
care cost trend rate and a discount rate. The health-care cost trend rate was 8.00% as of December 25, 2016. A one-
percentage point change in the assumed health-care cost trend rate would result in an increase of $0.1 million or a
decrease of $0.1 million in our 2016 service and interest costs, respectively, two factors included in the calculation of
postretirement expense. A one-percentage point change in the assumed health-care cost trend rate would result in an
increase of approximately $2 million or a decrease of approximately $2 million in our accumulated benefit obligation
as of December 25, 2016. Our discount rate assumption for postretirement benefits is consistent with that used in the
calculation of pension benefits. See ”— Pension Benefits” above for information on our discount rate assumption.
See Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our
other postretirement benefits.
Change in Discount Rate Methodology:
For fiscal year 2016, we changed the approach used to calculate the service and interest components of net
periodic benefit cost for benefit plans to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs.
Historically, we calculated these service and interest components utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate
derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. We have elected to
utilize an approach that discounts the individual expected cash ﬂows using the applicable spot rates derived from the
yield curve over the projected cash flow period. The spot rates used to estimate 2016 service and interest costs ranged
from 1.32% to 4.79%. Service costs and interest costs for our benefit plans were reduced by approximately $19 million
due to the change in methodology.
See Notes 9 and 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding our
pension benefits and other postretirement benefits, respectively.
RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
See Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding recent accounting
pronouncements.
P. 46 —- THE NEW YORK TIlVlES COMPANY