We may experience further downward pressure on our advertising revenue margins.
The character of our digital advertising business continues to change, as demand for newer forms of
advertising, such as branded content and video advertising, increases. The margin on revenues from some of these
newer advertising forms tends to be lower than the margin on revenues we generate from our print advertising and
traditional digital display advertising. Consequently, we may experience further downward pressure on our
advertising revenue margins as a greater percentage of advertising revenues comes from these newer forms.
The inability of the Company to retain and grow our subscriber base could adversely aﬂect our results of operations
and business.
Revenue from subscriptions to our print and digital products makes up a majority of our total revenue.
Subscription revenue is sensitive to discretionary spending available to subscribers in the markets we serve, as well as
economic conditions. To the extent poor economic conditions lead consumers to reduce spending on discretionary
activities, our ability to retain current and obtain new subscribers could be hindered, thereby reducing our
subscription revenue. In addition, the growth rate of new subscriptions to our news products that are driven by
significant news events, such as an election, may not be sustainable.
Print subscriptions have declined over the last several years, primarily due to increased competition from
digital media formats (which are often free to users), higher subscription rates and a growing preference among
certain consumers to receive all or a portion of their news from sources other than a print newspaper. If we are unable
to offset continued revenue declines resulting from falling print subscriptions with revenue from home-delivery price
increases, our print circulation revenue will be adversely affected.
Subscriptions to content provided on our digital platforms generate substantial revenue for us. Our future
growth depends upon our ability to retain and grow our digital subscription base and audience. To do so will require
us to evolve our subscription model, address changing consumer demands and developments in technology and
improve our digital product offering while continuing to deliver high-quality journalism and content that is
interesting and relevant to readers. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully maintain and increase
our digital subscriber base or that we will be able to do so without taking steps such as reducing pricing or incurring
subscription acquisition costs that would affect our margin or profitability.
Failure to execute cost-control measures successfully could adversely aﬂect our profitability.
Over the last several years, we have taken steps to reduce operating costs across the Company, and we plan to
continue our cost-management efforts. Some of these cost management efforts require significant up-front investment.
If we do not achieve expected savings from these efforts, our total operating costs would be greater than anticipated.
In addition, if we do not manage cost-management efforts properly, such efforts may affect the quality of our products
and therefore our ability to generate future revenues. And to the extent our cost-management efforts result in
reductions in staff and employee compensation and benefits, this could adversely affect our ability to attract and
retain key employees.
Significant portions of our expenses are fixed costs that neither increase nor decrease proportionately with
revenues. In addition, our ability to make short-term adjustments to manage our costs or to make changes to our
business strategy may be limited by certain of our collective bargaining agreements. If we are not able to implement
further cost-control efforts or reduce our fixed costs sufficiently in response to a decline in our revenues, our results of
operations will be adversely affected.
The underfunded status of our pension plans may adversely aﬁ’ect our operations, financial condition and liquidity.
We sponsor several single-employer defined benefit pension plans. Although we have frozen participation and
benefits under all but two of these qualified pension plans, our results of operations will be affected by the amount of
income or expense we record for, and the contributions we are required to make to, these plans.
We are required to make contributions to our plans to comply with minimum funding requirements imposed
by laws governing those plans. As of December 25, 2016, our qualified defined benefit pension plans were
underfunded by approximately $222 million. Our obligation to make additional contributions to our plans, and the
timing of any such contributions, depends on a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These
include: legislative changes; assumptions about mortality; and economic conditions, including a low interest rate
environment or sustained volatility and disruption in the stock and bond markets, which impact discount rates and
returns on plan assets.
P. 8 — THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY