The two-class method is an earnings allocation method for computing earnings / (loss) per share when a
company’s capital structure includes either two or more classes of common stock or common stock and participating
securities. This method determines earnings / (loss) per share based on dividends declared on common stock and
participating securities (i.e., distributed earnings), as well as participation rights of participating securities in any
undistributed earnings.
Foreign Currency Translation
The assets and liabilities of foreign companies are translated at year-end exchange rates. Results of operations
are translated at average rates of exchange in effect during the year. The resulting translation adjustment is included
as a separate component in the Stockholders’ Equity section of our Consolidated Balance Sheets, in the caption
“Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of income taxes.”
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
In November 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update
(“ASU”) 2016-18, "Statement of Cash Flow: Restricted cash,” which amends the guidance in Accounting Standards
Codification (“ASC”) 230 on the classification and presentation of restricted cash in the statement of cash ﬂows. The
key requirements of the ASU are: (1) all entities should include in its cash and cash-equivalent balances in the
statement of cash ﬂows those amounts that are deemed to be restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents, (2) a
reconciliation between the statement of financial position and the statement of cash ﬂows must be disclosed when the
statement of financial position includes more than one line item for cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and
restricted cash equivalents, (3) changes in restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents that result from transfers
between cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents should not be presented as cash
ﬂow activities in the statement of cash ﬂows and (4) an entity with a material balance of amounts generally described
as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents must disclose information about the nature of the restrictions.This
guidance becomes effective for Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods
within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the
new cash ﬂow guidance.
In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, “Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash
Receipts and Cash Payments,” which amends the guidance in ASC 230 on the classification of certain cash receipts
and cash payments in the statement of cash ﬂows. The primary purpose of this ASU is to reduce the diversity in
practice that has resulted from the lack of consistent principles on this topic. The ASU’s amendments add or clarify
guidance on eight cash ﬂows issues: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt
instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective
interest rate of the borrowing, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from
the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including
bank-owned life insurance policies, distributions received from equity method investees, beneficial interests in
securitization transactions, and separately identifiable cash ﬂows and application of the predominance principle. This
guidance becomes effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods
within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. All amendments must
be adopted in the same period. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the new cash ﬂow
guidance.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, “Compensation — Stocl< Compensation,” which provides
guidance on accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification
of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash ﬂows. This guidance becomes
effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 25, 2016. Early application is permitted.
Amendments related to the timing of when excess tax benefits are recognized and classified on the statement of cash
ﬂows, forfeitures, minimum statutory withholding requirements, and intrinsic value will be applied using a modified
retrospective transition method by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the
period in which the guidance is adopted. Amendments related to the presentation of employee taxes paid on the
statement of cash ﬂows when the Company withholds shares to meet the minimum statutory withholding
requirement will be applied retrospectively. Amendments requiring recognition of excess tax benefits and tax
deficiencies in the income statement and the practical expedient for estimating expected term will be applied
prospectively. The Company may elect to apply the amendments related to the presentation of excess tax benefits on
the statement of cash ﬂows using either a prospective transition method or a retrospective transition method. We are
P. 64 — THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY