Legislative and regulatory developments, including with respect to privacy, could adversely affect our business.
Our business is subject to government regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate, and our websites,
which are available worldwide, may be subject to laws regulating the Internet even in jurisdictions where we do not
do business. Among others, we are subject to laws and regulations with respect to online privacy and the collection
and use of consumer data. Various federal and state laws and regulations, as well as the laws of foreign jurisdictions
in which we operate, govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of the data we receive from and about
our readers. Failure to protect confidential customer data or to provide customers with adequate notice of our privacy
policies could subject us to liabilities imposed by these jurisdictions.
Existing privacy-related laws and regulations are evolving and subject to potentially differing interpretations,
and various federal and state legislative and regulatory bodies, as well as foreign legislative and regulatory bodies,
may expand current or enact new laws regarding privacy and data security-related matters. We may incur increased
costs necessary to comply with existing and newly adopted laws and regulations or penalties for any failure to
comply.
In addition, any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our posted privacy policies or with any data-
related requirements could result in claims against us by governmental entities or others and / or increased costs to
change our practices. They could also result in negative publicity and a loss of confidence in us by our readers and
advertisers. All of these potential consequences could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
We have been, and may be in the future, subject to claims of intellectual property infringement that could adversely
aﬁ’ect our business.
We periodically receive claims from third parties alleging infringement, misappropriation or other violations of
their intellectual property rights. These third parties often include patent holding companies seeking to monetize
patents they have purchased or otherwise obtained through asserting claims of infringement or misuse. Even if we
believe that these claims of intellectual property infringement are without merit, defending against the claims can be
time-consuming, be expensive to litigate or settle, and cause diversion of management attention.
These intellectual property infringement claims, if successful, may require us to enter into royalty or licensing
agreements on unfavorable terms, use more costly alternative technology or otherwise incur substantial monetary
liability. Additionally, these claims may require us to significantly alter certain of our operations. The occurrence of
any of these events as a result of these claims could result in substantially increased costs or otherwise adversely
affect our business.
A significant increase in the price of newsprint, or significant disruptions in our newsprint supply chain, would have
an adverse eﬂ’ect on our operating results.
The cost of raw materials, of which newsprint is the major component, represented approximately 5% of our
total operating costs in 2016. The price of newsprint has historically been volatile and, while the price has decreased
over the last several years, the price increased in 2016 due to declining newsprint supply as a result of paper mill
closures and conversions to other grades of paper. The price of newsprint could further increase as a result of various
factors, including a reduction in the number of suppliers due to restructurings, bankruptcies and consolidations and
other factors that adversely impact supplier profitability, including increases in operating expenses caused by raw
material and energy costs, and currency volatility.
In addition, we rely on our suppliers for deliveries of newsprint. The availability of our newsprint supply may
be affected by various factors, including labor unrest, transportation issues and other disruptions that may affect
deliveries of newsprint.
If newsprint prices increase significantly or we experience significant disruptions in the availability of our
newsprint supply in the future, our operating results will be adversely affected.
We may not have access to the capital markets on terms that are acceptable to us or may otherwise be limited in our
financing options.
From time to time the Company may need or desire to access the long-term and short-term capital markets to
obtain financing. The Company’s access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in
the future will be impacted by many factors, including, but not limited to: (1) the Company’s financial performance,
(2) the Company’s credit ratings or absence of a credit rating, (3) liquidity of the overall capital markets and (4) the
P. 12 — THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY