Revenue Recognition
Circulation revenues include single-copy and subscription revenues. Circulation revenues are based on the
number of copies of the printed newspaper (through home-delivery subscriptions and single-copy sales) and digital
subscriptions sold and the rates charged to the respective customers. Single-copy revenue is recognized based on date
of publication, net of provisions for related returns. Proceeds from subscription revenues are deferred at the time of
sale and are recognized in earnings on a pro rata basis over the terms of the subscriptions. When our digital
subscriptions are sold through third parties, we are a principal in the transaction and, therefore, revenues and related
costs to third parties for these sales are reported on a gross basis. Several factors are considered to determine whether
we are a principal, most notably whether we are the primary obligor to the customer and have determined the selling
price and product specifications.
Advertising revenues are recognized when advertisements are published in newspapers or placed on digital
platforms or, with respect to certain digital advertising, each time a user clicks on certain advertisements, net of
provisions for estimated rebates and rate adjustments.
We recognize a rebate obligation as a reduction of revenues, based on the amount of estimated rebates that will
be earned and claimed, related to the underlying revenue transactions during the period. Measurement of the rebate
obligation is estimated based on the historical experience of the number of customers that ultimately earn and use the
rebate. We recognize an obligation for rate adjustments as a reduction of revenues, based on the amount of estimated
post-billing adjustments that will be claimed. Measurement of the rate adjustment obligation is estimated based on
historical experience of credits actually issued.
Other revenues are recognized when the related service or product has been delivered.
Income Taxes
Income taxes are recognized for the following: (1) amount of taxes payable for the current year and (2) deferred
tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequence of events that have been recognized differently in the financial
statements than for tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are established using statutory tax rates and are
adjusted for tax rate changes in the period of enactment.
We assess whether our deferred tax assets should be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than
not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Our process includes collecting positive (i.e.,
sources of taxable income) and negative (i.e., recent historical losses) evidence and assessing, based on the evidence,
whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
We recognize in our financial statements the impact of a tax position if that tax position is more likely than not
of being sustained on audit, based on the technical merits of the tax position. This involves the identification of
potential uncertain tax positions, the evaluation of tax law and an assessment of whether a liability for uncertain tax
positions is necessary. Different conclusions reached in this assessment can have a material impact on our
Consolidated Financial Statements.
We operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to audit in these jurisdictions. These audits can
involve complex issues, which could require an extended period of time to resolve. Until formal resolutions are
reached between us and the tax authorities, the timing and amount of a possible audit settlement for uncertain tax
benefits is difficult to predict.
Stock-Based Compensation
We establish fair value for our stock-based awards to determine our cost and recognize the related expense over
the appropriate vesting period. We recognize stock-based compensation expense for outstanding stock-settled long-
term performance awards, stock-settled and cash-settled restricted stock units, stock options and stock appreciation
rights. See Note 15 for additional information related to stock-based compensation expense.
Earnings/(Loss) Per Share
Basic earnings / (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net earnings/ (loss) available to common stockholders
by the weighted-average common stock outstanding. Diluted earnings/ (loss) per share is calculated similarly, except
that it includes the dilutive effect of the assumed exercise of securities, including outstanding warrants and the effect
of shares issuable under our Company’s stock-based incentive plans if such effect is dilutive.
THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY — P. 63