We assess whether our deferred tax assets shall be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not
that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Our process includes collecting positive (i.e.,
sources of taxable income) and negative (i.e., recent historical losses) evidence and assessing, based on the evidence,
whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
We recognize in our financial statements the impact of a tax position if that tax position is more likely than not
of being sustained on audit, based on the technical merits of the tax position. This involves the identification of
potential uncertain tax positions, the evaluation of tax law and an assessment of whether a liability for uncertain tax
positions is necessary. Different conclusions reached in this assessment can have a material impact on the
Consolidated Financial Statements.
We operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to audit in these jurisdictions. These audits can
involve complex issues, which could require an extended period of time to resolve. Until formal resolutions are
reached between us and the tax authorities, the timing and amount of a possible audit settlement for uncertain tax
benefits is difficult to predict.
Self-Insurance
We self-insure for workers’ compensation costs, automobile and general liability claims, up to certain
deductible limits, as well as for certain employee medical and disability benefits. The recorded liabilities for self-
insured risks are primarily calculated using actuarial methods. The liabilities include amounts for actual claims, claim
growth and claims incurred but not yet reported. Actual experience, including claim frequency and severity as well as
health-care inﬂation, could result in different liabilities than the amounts currently recorded. The recorded liabilities
for self-insured risks were approximately $38 million and $41 million as of December 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015,
respectively.
PENSIONS AND OTHER POSTRETIREIVIENT BENEFITS
We sponsor several single-employer defined benefit pension plans, the majority of which have been frozen. We
also participate in two joint Company and Guild-sponsored defined benefit pension plans covering employees who
are members of The NewsGuild of New York, including The Newspaper Guild of New York - The New York Times
Pension Fund, which was frozen in 2012 and replaced by a successor plan, The Guild-Times Adjustable Pension Plan.
Our pension liability also includes our multiemployer pension plan withdrawal obligations. Our liability for
postretirement obligations includes our liability to provide health benefits to eligible retired employees.
The table below includes the liability for all of these plans.
December 25, December 27,
(In thousands) 2016 20157
|Pension and other postretirement liabilities (includes current portion) $ 640,650 $ 714,787 ‘
Total liabilities $ 1,341,151 $ 1,589,235
iPercentage of pension and other postretirement liabilities to total liabilities 48% 45%i
Pension Benefits
Our Company-sponsored defined benefit pension plans include qualified plans (funded) as well as non-
qualified plans (unfunded). These plans provide participating employees with retirement benefits in accordance with
benefit formulas detailed in each plan. All of our non-qualified plans, which provide enhanced retirement benefits to
select employees, are currently frozen, except for a foreign-based pension plan discussed below.
Our joint Company and Guild-sponsored plans are both qualified plans and are included in the table below.
We also have a foreign-based pension plan for certain non-US. employees (the “foreign plan”). The information
for the foreign plan is combined with the information for US. non-qualified plans. The benefit obligation of the
foreign plan is immaterial to our total benefit obligation.
P. 44 —- THE NEW YORK TIlVlES COMPANY