relevant contract and a discounted basic subscription rate. The actual number of users who have access to our
products through group subscriptions is substantially higher.
According to comScore Media Metrix, an online audience measurement service, in 2016, NYTimes.com had a
monthly average of approximately 85 million unique visitors in the United States on either desktop/ laptop computers
or mobile devices. Globally, including the United States, NYTimes.com had a 2016 monthly average of approximately
122 million unique Visitors on either desktop / laptop computers or mobile devices, according to internal data
estimates.
ADVERTISING
We have a comprehensive portfolio of advertising products and services that we provide across print, web and
mobile platforms. Our advertising revenue is divided into three main categories:
Display Advertising;
Display advertising is principally from advertisers promoting products, services or brands, such as financial
institutions, movie studios, department stores, American and international fashion and technology. In print, column-
inch ads are priced according to established rates, with premiums for color and positioning. The Times had the largest
market share in 2016 in print advertising revenue among a national newspaper set that consists of USA Today, The
Wall Street Journal and The Times, according to MediaRadar, an independent agency that measures advertising sales
volume and estimates advertising revenue.
On our web and mobile platforms, display advertising comprises banners, video, rich media and other
interactive ads. Display advertising also includes branded content on The Times’s platforms. Branded content is
longer form marketing content that is distinct from The Times’s editorial content. In 2016, display advertising (print
and digital) represented approximately 89% of advertising revenues.
Classified Advertising:
Classified advertising includes line ads sold in the major categories of real estate, help wanted, automotive and
other. In print, classified advertisers pay on a per-line basis. On our web and mobile platforms, classified advertisers
pay on either a per-listing basis for bundled listing packages, or as an add-on to their print ad. In 2016, classified
advertising (print and digital) represented approximately 5% of advertising revenues.
Other Advertising;
Other advertising primarily includes creative services fees associated with our branded content studio and
digital marketing agencies; revenues from preprinted advertising, also known as free-standing inserts; revenues
generated from branded bags in which our newspapers are delivered; and advertising revenues from our news
services business. In 2016, other advertising (print and digital) represented approximately 6% of our advertising
revenues.
Our business is affected in part by seasonal patterns in advertising, with generally higher advertising volume in
the fourth quarter due to holiday advertising.
COMPETITION
Our print, web and mobile products compete for advertising and consumers with other media in their
respective markets, including paid and free newspapers, broadcast, satellite and cable television, broadcast and
satellite radio, magazines, other forms of media and direct marketing. Competition for advertising is generally based
upon audience levels and demographics, advertising rates, service, targeting capabilities and advertising results,
while competition for consumer revenue and readership is generally based upon platform, format, content, quality,
service, timeliness and price.
The Times competes for advertising and circulation primarily with national newspapers such as The Wall Street
Journal and USA Today; newspapers of general circulation in New York City and its suburbs; other daily and weekly
newspapers and television stations and networks in markets in which The Times is circulated; and some national
news and lifestyle magazines. The international edition of our newspaper competes with international sources of
English-language news, including The Wall Street Journal’s European and Asian Editions, the Financial Times, Time,
Bloomberg Business Week and The Economist.
THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY — P. 3