| WEE] 7A, a ONT]: "OUTLAW? M E m m A171 M E SG©S S m [MEN 73133.17” (Sigh? |
Our market risk is principally associated with the following:
° We do not have interest rate risk related to our debt because, as of December 25, 2016, our portfolio does not
include variable-rate debt. However, we will have fair value risk related to our fixed-rate debt if we
repurchase or exchange long-term debt prior to maturity.
° Newsprint is a commodity subject to supply and demand market conditions. Our equity investment in
Malbaie provides a substantial hedge against price volatility. The cost of raw materials, of which newsprint
expense is a major component, represented approximately 5% and 6% of our total operating costs in 2016 and
2015, respectively. Based on the number of newsprint tons consumed in 2016 and 2015, a $10 per ton increase
in newsprint prices would have resulted in additional newsprint expense of $1.0 million (pre-tax) in 2016 and
2015, but would also result in improved performance in this joint venture investment.
0 The discount rate used to measure the benefit obligations for our qualified pension plans is determined by
using the Ryan Curve, which provides rates for the bonds included in the curve and allows adjustments for
certain outliers (i.e., bonds on ”watch”). Broad equity and bond indices are used in the determination of the
expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets. Therefore, interest rate ﬂuctuations and volatility of
the debt and equity markets can have a significant impact on asset values, the funded status of our pension
plans and future anticipated contributions. See “Item 7 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits.”
0 A significant portion of our employees are unionized and our results could be adversely affected if future
labor negotiations or contracts were to further restrict our ability to maximize the efficiency of our operations.
In addition, if we are unable to negotiate labor contracts on reasonable terms, or if we were to experience
labor unrest or other business interruptions in connection with labor negotiations or otherwise, our ability to
produce and deliver our products could be impaired.
See Notes 5, 6, 9 and 18 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY — P. 47