Expanding and deepening our relationship with readers
We are a “subscription-first” organization and continue to focus on deepening the engagement of our current
readers and expanding our reach to new readers around the world. In 2016, we saw significant growth in digital-only
subscriptions to our news products, and earlier this year the number of total paid subscriptions to our print and
digital products surpassed three million. We believe this growth underscores the willingness of our readers to pay for
high-quality journalism, and we will continue to look for ways to strengthen the relationship we have with our
subscribers. We will also continue to focus on developing new audiences, including by expanding our global reach
and working to engage younger readers.
During the year, we continued efforts to make The Times an indispensable part of our readers’ lives. Among
others, The Times introduced or enhanced products and features that span a broad range of topics and interests,
including NYT Cooking, a dynamic recipe box designed to make cooking easier; Watching, our guide to what to
watch on television; and Well, our healthy living guide. In October 2016, the Company also purchased The Wirecutter
and The Sweethome, product review and recommendation websites that align with The Times’s commitment to
service journalism.
We also continued our efforts to engage readers around the world. Among other things, we launched The New
York Times en Espaﬁol, a mobile-optimized website covering news and issues of interest to a Spanish-speaking
audience, and extended our popular Daily Briefings to Europe and Asia. In addition, we will continue to experiment
with reaching new readers on third-party platforms, while remaining committed to building engagement with
readers on our own platforms.
Creating compelling digital advertising solutions
We are focused on continuing to grow our digital advertising revenue by developing innovative and
compelling advertising offerings that integrate with and add value to the user experience. We believe we have a
powerful and trusted brand that, because of the quality of our journalism, attracts educated, afﬂuent and inﬂuential
audiences, and we continue to focus on leveraging our brand in developing and refining these offerings.
During 2016, the digital advertising market continued to shift away from traditional desktop display
advertising and towards newer advertising forms, such as branded content and other creative services, as well as
programmatic, video and mobile advertising. We have quickly adapted to this market shift, introducing innovative
digital advertising solutions for our mobile and other platforms, and providing advertisers new ways of reaching our
audience, such as our virtual reality application. We have also continued to expand our branded content studio,
which has become a fast-growing part of our advertising business since we launched it in early 2014.
Transforming our business to deliver on our goals
We are focused on becoming a more effective and efficient organization and have taken and continue to take a
number of steps to achieve this. Among other things, we streamlined our international print operations in 2016 and
are reviewing initiatives aimed at improving newsroom efficiency. In December 2016, we also announced plans to
redesign our headquarters building, consolidating our operations within a smaller number of floors and leasing the
remaining ﬂoors to third parties. We expect the changes will generate significant rental income and result in a more
collaborative workspace.
Looking ahead, we will continue to focus on managing our cost structure to ensure that we are operating our
businesses efficiently, while maintaining our commitment to investing in high-quality content and the achievement of
strategic goals.
Strengthening our liquidity
We have continued to strengthen our liquidity position and remain focused on further de-leveraging and de-
risking our balance sheet. In December 2016, we repaid, at maturity, the remaining principal amount of our senior
notes. As of December 25, 2016, the Company had cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of
approximately $738 million (excluding restricted cash of approximately $25 million, the majority of which is set aside
to collateralize certain workers’ compensation obligations). This exceeded our total debt and capital lease obligations
by approximately $491 million. We believe our cash balance and cash provided by operations, in combination with
other sources of cash, will be sufficient to meet our financing needs over the next 12 months.
THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY — P. 25