CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these
financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the
Consolidated Financial Statements for the periods presented.
We continually evaluate the policies and estimates we use to prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements. In
general, management’s estimates are based on historical experience, information from third-party professionals and
various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances. Actual results may
differ from those estimates made by management.
Our critical accounting policies include our accounting for goodwill and other intangibles, retirement benefits,
income taxes and self-insurance liabilities. Specific risks related to our critical accounting policies are discussed below.
Goodwill and Intangibles
We evaluate whether there has been an impairment of goodwill or intangibles assets not amortized on an
annual basis or in an interim period if certain circumstances indicate that a possible impairment may exist.
December 25, December 27,
(In thousands) 2016 2015
|Goodwill $ 134,517 $ 109,085 ‘
Intangibles $ 10,634 $ —
[Total assets $ 2,185,395 $ 2,417,690 I
Percentage of goodwill and intangibles to total assets 7% 5%
The impairment analysis is considered critical because of the significance of goodwill and intangibles to our
Consolidated Balance Sheets.
We test for goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level, which is our operating segment. We first perform a
qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less
than its carrying value. The qualitative assessment includes, but is not limited to, the results of our most recent
quantitative impairment test, consideration of industry, market and macroeconomic conditions, cost factors, cash
ﬂows, changes in key management personnel and our share price. The result of this assessment determines whether it
is necessary to perform the goodwill impairment two-step test. For the 2016 annual impairment testing, based on our
qualitative assessment, we concluded that it is more likely than not that goodwill is not impaired.
If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit is less than its carrying
value, in the first step we compare the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill.
Fair value is calculated by a combination of a discounted cash ﬂow model and a market approach model. In
calculating fair value for the reporting unit, we generally weigh the results of the discounted cash ﬂow model more
heavily than the market approach because the discounted cash ﬂow model is specific to our business and long-term
projections. If the fair value exceeds the carrying amount, goodwill is not considered impaired. If the carrying amount
exceeds the fair value, the second step must be performed to measure the amount of the impairment loss, if any. In the
second step, we compare the implied fair value of the reporting unit’s goodwill with the carrying amount of that
goodwill. An impairment loss would be recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of the
goodwill over the implied fair value of the goodwill.
Intangible assets that are not amortized (i.e., trade names) are tested for impairment at the asset level by
comparing the fair value of the asset with its carrying amount. If the fair value, which is based on future cash ﬂows,
exceeds the carrying value, the asset is not considered impaired. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an
impairment loss would be recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over the
fair value of the asset.
Intangible assets that are amortized (i.e., customer lists, non-competes, etc.) are tested for impairment at the
asset level associated with the lowest level of cash ﬂows. An impairment exists if the carrying value of the asset (1) is
not recoverable (the carrying value of the asset is greater than the sum of undiscounted cash flows) and (2) is greater
than its fair value.
P. 42 —- THE NEW YORK TIlVIES COMPANY