The discounted cash ﬂow analysis requires us to make various judgments, estimates and assumptions, many of
which are interdependent, about future revenues, operating margins, growth rates, capital expenditures, working
capital and discount rates. The starting point for the assumptions used in our discounted cash ﬂow analysis is the
annual long-range financial forecast. The annual planning process that we undertake to prepare the long-range
financial forecast takes into consideration a multitude of factors, including historical growth rates and operating
performance, related industry trends, macroeconomic conditions, and marketplace data, among others. Assumptions
are also made for perpetual growth rates for periods beyond the long-range financial forecast period. Our estimates of
fair value are sensitive to changes in all of these variables, certain of which relate to broader macroeconomic
conditions outside our control.
The market approach analysis includes applying a multiple, based on comparable market transactions, to
certain operating metrics of the reporting unit.
The significant estimates and assumptions used by management in assessing the recoverability of goodwill and
other intangibles are estimated future cash ﬂows, discount rates, growth rates, as well as other factors. Any changes in
these estimates or assumptions could result in an impairment charge. The estimates, based on reasonable and
supportable assumptions and projections, require management’s subjective judgment. Depending on the assumptions
and estimates used, the estimated results of the impairment tests can vary within a range of outcomes.
In addition to annual testing, management uses certain indicators to evaluate whether the carrying value of our
reporting unit may not be recoverable and an interim impairment test may be required. These indicators include: (1)
current-period operating or cash ﬂow declines combined with a history of operating or cash ﬂow declines or a
projection / forecast that demonstrates continuing declines in the cash ﬂow or the inability to improve our operations
to forecasted levels, (2) a significant adverse change in the business climate, whether structural or technological, (3)
significant impairments and (4) a decline in our stock price and market capitalization.
Management has applied what it believes to be the most appropriate valuation methodology for its impairment
testing. Additionally, management believes that the likelihood of an impairment of goodwill is remote due to the
excess market capitalization relative to its net book value. See Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.
BetiremenLBeneiits
Our single-employer pension and other postretirement benefit costs and obligations are accounted for using
actuarial valuations. We recognize the funded status of these plans — measured as the difference between plan assets,
if funded, and the benefit obligation — on the balance sheet and recognize changes in the funded status that arise
during the period but are not recognized as components of net periodic pension cost, within other comprehensive
income / (loss), net of tax. The assets related to our funded pension plans are measured at fair value.
We also recognize the present value of pension liabilities associated with the withdrawal from multiemployer
pension plans.
We consider accounting for retirement plans critical to our operations because management is required to make
significant subjective judgments about a number of actuarial assumptions, which include discount rates, long-term
return on plan assets and mortality rates. These assumptions may have an effect on the amount and timing of future
contributions. Depending on the assumptions and estimates used, the impact from our pension and other
postretirement benefits could vary within a range of outcomes and could have a material effect on our Consolidated
Financial Statements.
See ”— Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits” below for more information on our retirement benefits.
lnpomelaxes
We consider accounting for income taxes critical to our operating results because management is required to
make significant subjective judgments in developing our provision for income taxes, including the determination of
deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any valuation allowances that may be required against deferred tax assets.
Income taxes are recognized for the following: (1) amount of taxes payable for the current year and (2) deferred
tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequence of events that have been recognized differently in the financial
statements than for tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are established using statutory tax rates and are
adjusted for tax rate changes in the period of enactment.
THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY — P. 43