Weighted-average assumptions used in the actuarial computations to determine net periodic pension cost for
non-qualified plans were as follows:
December 25, December 27, December 28,
201 6 201 5 201 4
|Discount rate for determining projected benefit obligation 4.40% 3.90% 4.60%j
Discount rate in effect for determining interest cost 3.44% 3.90% 4.60%
jRate of increase in compensation levels 2.50% 2.50% 2.50%j
We determined our discount rate using a Ryan ALM, Inc. Curve (the “Ryan Curve”). The Ryan Curve provides
the bonds included in the curve and allows adjustments for certain outliers (i.e., bonds on ”watch”). We believe the
Ryan Curve allows us to calculate an appropriate discount rate.
To determine our discount rate, we project a cash ﬂow based on annual accrued benefits. The projected plan
cash ﬂow is discounted to the measurement date, which is the last day of our fiscal year, using the annual spot rates
provided in the Ryan Curve.
In determining the expected long-term rate of return on assets, we evaluated input from our investment
consultants, actuaries and investment management firms, including our review of asset class return expectations, as
well as long-term historical asset class returns. Projected returns by such consultants and economists are based on
broad equity and bond indices. Our objective is to select an average rate of earnings expected on existing plan assets
and expected contributions to the plan during the year, less expense expected to be incurred by the plan during the
year.
The market-related value of plan assets is multiplied by the expected long-term rate of return on assets to
compute the expected return on plan assets, a component of net periodic pension cost. The market-related value of
plan assets is a calculated value that recognizes changes in fair value over three years.
In October 2014, the Society of Actuaries (“SOA”) released new mortality tables that increased life expectancy
assumptions. During the fourth quarter of 2014, we adopted the new mortality tables and revised the mortality
assumptions used in determining our pension and postretirement benefit obligations. The net impact to our qualified
and non-qualified pension obligations resulting from the new mortality assumptions in 2014 was an increase of $117.0
million.
In October 2016, the SOA released new mortality tables that decreased life expectancy assumptions. During the
fourth quarter of 2016, we adopted the new mortality tables and revised the mortality assumptions used in
determining our pension and postretirement benefit obligations. The net impact to our qualified and non-qualified
pension obligations resulting from the new mortality assumptions in 2016 was a decrease of $34.7 million.
For fiscal year 2016, we changed the approach used to calculate the service and interest components of net
periodic benefit cost for benefit plans to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs.
Historically, we calculated these service and interest components utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate
derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. We elected to
utilize an approach that discounts the individual expected cash ﬂows using the applicable spot rates derived from the
yield curve over the projected cash flow period. The spot rates used to determine service and interest costs ranged
from 1.32% to 4.79%. Service costs and interest costs for our pension plans were reduced by approximately $18 million
due to the change in methodology.
Plan Assets
Company;$ponsored Pension Plans
The assets underlying the Company-sponsored qualified pension plans are managed by professional
investment managers. These investment managers are selected and monitored by the pension investment committee,
composed of certain senior executives, who are appointed by the Finance Committee of the Board of Directors of the
Company. The Finance Committee is responsible for adopting our investment policy, which includes rules regarding
the selection and retention of qualified advisors and investment managers. The pension investment committee is
responsible for implementing and monitoring compliance with our investment policy, selecting and monitoring
P. 78 — THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY