ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a—15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.
In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any
disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and
procedures must reﬂect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its
judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.
Based on management’s evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to, and are effective to, provide assurance at a reasonable
level that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange
Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosures.
(b) Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a—15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our chief executive ofﬁcer and chief financial officer, we
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31,
2016 based on the guidelines established in the Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013 framework)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Our internal
control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in
accordance with US. generally accepted accounting principles.
Based on the results of our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of January 31, 2016. We reviewed the results of management’s assessment with our
Audit Committee.
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2016 has been audited by
Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting ﬁrm, as stated in its report which is included in
Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
(c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended
January 31, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.
1 17