Sources of Revenues
We derive our revenues from two sources: (1) subscription revenues, which are comprised of subscription
fees from customers accessing our enterprise cloud computing services and from customers paying for additional
support beyond the standard support that is included in the basic subscription fees; and (2) related professional
services such as process mapping, project management, implementation services and other revenue. “Other
revenue” consists primarily of training fees. Subscription and support revenues accounted for approximately 93
percent of our total revenues for fiscal 2016. Subscription revenues are driven primarily by the number of paying
subscribers, varying service types, the price of our service and renewals. We define a “customer” as a separate
and distinct buying entity (e.g., a company, a distinct business unit of a large corporation, a partnership, etc.) that
has entered into a contract to access our enterprise cloud computing services. We define a “subscription” as a
unique user account purchased by a customer for use by its employees or other customer-authorized users, and
we refer to each such user as a “subscriber.” The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges
from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than five percent of our revenues
during fiscal 2016, 2015 or 2014.
Subscription and support revenues are recognized ratably over the contract terms beginning on the
commencement dates of each contract. The typical subscription and support term is 12 to 36 months, although
terms range from one to 60 months. Our subscription and support contracts are non-cancelable, though customers
typically have the right to terminate their contracts for cause if we materially fail to perform. We generally
invoice our customers in advance, in annual installments, and typical payment terms provide that our customers
pay us within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in
deferred revenue, or in revenue depending on whether the revenue recognition criteria have been met. In general,
we collect our billings in advance of the subscription service period.
Professional services and other revenues consist of fees associated with consulting and implementation
services and training. Our consulting and implementation engagements are typically billed on a time and
materials basis. We also offer a number of training classes on implementing, using and administering our service
that are billed on a per person, per class basis. Our typical professional services payment terms provide that our
customers pay us within 30 days of invoice.
In determining whether professional services can be accounted for separately from subscription and support
revenues, we consider a number of factors, which are described in “Critical Accounting Estimates—Revenue
Recognition” below.
Revenue by Cloud Service Offering
We are providing the information below on a supplemental basis to give additional insight into the revenue
performance of our individual core service offerings.
Subscription and support revenues consisted of the following by core service offering (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended Fiscal Year Ended
January 31, 20167 January 31, 2015 7 Variance-Percent
Sales Cloud . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $2,699.0 $2,443.0 10%
Service Cloud ................. 1,817.8 1,320.2 38%
App Cloud and Other . . . . . . . . . . . 1,034.7 745.3 39%
Marketing Cloud . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 654.1 505.3 29%
Total.................... $6,205.6 $5,013.8
Subscription and support revenues from the Analytics Cloud and Communities Cloud were not significant
for fiscal 2016. Since the launch of IoT Cloud in September 2015, we have been piloting this offering with
40