Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities may impact our financial
results.
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various jurisdictions outside of the United States.
Our effective tax rate could ﬂuctuate due to changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing
statutory tax rates. Our tax expense could also be impacted by changes in non-deductible expenses, changes in
excess tax benefits related to exercises and vesting of stock-based expense, changes in the valuation of deferred
tax assets and liabilities and our ability to utilize them and the applicability of withholding taxes.
We are subject to tax examinations in multiple jurisdictions. While we regularly evaluate new information
that may change our judgment resulting in recognition, derecognition or change in measurement of a tax position
taken, there can be no assurance that the final determination of any examinations will not have an adverse effect
on our operating results and financial position.
Our tax provision could also be impacted by changes in U.S federal and state or international tax laws
applicable to corporate multinationals such as the legislation recently enacted in the United Kingdom and
Australia, other fundamental law changes currently being considered by many countries and changes in taxing
jurisdictions’ administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions. Additionally, the Organisation for
Economic Co-Operation and Development recently released final guidance covering various topics, including
transfer pricing, country-by-country reporting and definitional changes to permanent establishment which could
ultimately impact our tax liabilities.
We may also be subject to additional tax liabilities due to changes in non-income taxes resulting from
changes in federal, state or international tax laws, changes in taxing jurisdictions’ administrative interpretations,
decisions, policies, and positions, results of tax examinations, settlements or judicial decisions, changes in
accounting principles, changes to the business operations, including acquisitions, as well as the evaluation of new
information that results in a change to a tax position taken in a prior period.
Oar debt service obligations and operating lease commitments may adversely affect our financial
condition and cash ﬂows from operations.
We have a high level of debt, including the 0.25% convertible senior notes we issued in March 2013 (the
“0.25% Senior Notes”) due April 1, 2018, the loan we assumed when we purchased 50 Fremont, and capital lease
arrangements. Additionally, we have significant contractual commitments in operating lease arrangements, which
are not reﬂected on our consolidated balance sheets. In addition, we have a financing obligation for a leased
facility of which we are deemed the owner for accounting purposes. Finally, we have a revolving credit facility
under which we can draw down up to $650.0 million. As of January 31, 2016, we had no outstanding borrowings
under this credit facility. Our maintenance of this indebtedness and any additional issuance of indebtedness
could:
° impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures,
acquisitions, general corporate or other purposes;
0 cause us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash ﬂows from operations towards debt service
obligations and principal repayments;
0 make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, our industry or the economy in general; and
0 due to limitations within the revolving credit facility covenants, restrict our ability to incur additional
indebtedness, grant liens, merge or consolidate, dispose of assets, make investments, make
acquisitions, enter into transactions with affiliates, pay dividends or make distributions, repurchase
stock and enter into restrictive agreements, as defined in the credit agreement.
Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be
affected by ﬁnancial, business, economic, regulatory and other factors. We will not be able to control many of
25