Marketing Cloud. The Marketing Cloud enables companies to plan, personalize and optimize one-to-one
customer interactions. Our customers use the Marketing Cloud to map customer journeys to digital
marketing interactions across email, mobile, social, web and connected products. With the Marketing
Cloud, customer data can also be integrated with the Sales Cloud and Service Cloud in the form of leads,
contacts and customer service cases to give companies a complete View of their customers.
Community Cloud. The Community Cloud enables companies to engage directly with groups of people
by giving them access to relevant information, apps and experts, creating trusted, branded destinations for
customers, partners and employees to collaborate.
Analytics Cloud. The Analytics Cloud is an app for business intelligence powered by our Wave platform.
It enables companies to quickly deploy sales, service, marketing and custom analytics apps using any data
source. Our customers use the Analytics Cloud to enable any employee to quickly and easily explore
business data, uncover new insights, make smarter decisions and take action from anywhere on popular
mobile devices.
IoT Cloud. The IoT Cloud, which we announced in September 2015, connects billions of events from
devices, sensors, apps and more from the Internet of Things to Salesforce—enabling companies to take
action in a connected world. Our customers use the IoT Cloud to process massive quantities of data, build
smarter, more personalized actions and engage proactively with customers in real time. We are currently
piloting this new offering with several enterprises.
App Cloud. The App Cloud is an app development platform that includes Force, Heroku, Enterprise and
Lightning—along with shared identity, data and network services to empower companies to deliver
connected apps for any business need. In addition, the App Cloud’s platform services include Trailhead,
an interactive learning environment for all Salesforce developers, and the AppExchange, Salesforce’s
enterprise app marketplace. The App Cloud empowers companies with everything they need to build apps
quickly, in any language, for any device, and manage them in a single enterprise cloud environment.
Professional Cloud Services
We offer professional cloud services including consulting, deployment, training, user-centric design and
integration to our customers to facilitate faster adoption of our cloud solutions and enable customer success. We
also offer architects and innovation program teams that act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations
for our customers, mission critical support, cloud specialists and admin and configuration services that allow our
customers to make the best use of our technology.
We offer several education service offerings to our customers and partners, ranging from introductory
online courses to advanced architecture certifications. With the Trailhead learning platform, our customers and
partners have free online access to courses that address topics such as using and administering our services and
developing on our platform. For more advanced education, we offer instructor-led and online courses to certify
our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our services. In addition,
there is a selection of online educational classes available at no charge to customers that subscribe to our
customer service plans.
Business Benefits of Using Our Solution
The key advantages of our solution include:
Secure, private, scalable and reliable. Our service has been designed to provide our customers with
privacy and high levels of performance, reliability and security. We have built, and continue to invest in, a
comprehensive security infrastructure, including firewalls, intrusion detection systems, and encryption for
transmissions over the Internet, which we monitor and test on a regular basis. We built and maintain a multi-
tenant application architecture that has been designed to enable our service to scale securely, reliably and
5