salesforce.com, inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
1. Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies
Description of Business
Salesforcecom, inc. (the “Company”) is a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions, with a
focus on customer relationship management, or CRM. The Company introduced its first CRM solution in
February 2000, and has since expanded its service offerings with new editions, solutions, features and platform
capabilities.
The Company’s mission is to help its customers transform themselves into customer-centric companies by
empowering them to connect with their customers in entirely new ways. The Company’s Customer Success
Platform, including sales force automation, customer service and support, marketing automation, community
management, analytics, application development, Internet of Things integration and the Company’s professional
cloud services, provide the neXt- generation platform of enterprise applications and services to enable customer
success.
Fiscal Year
The Company’s fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal 2016, for example, refer to the fiscal
year ending January 31, 2016.
Basis of Presentation
On March 20, 2013, the Company’s certificate of incorporation was amended to increase the number of
authorized shares of common stock from 400.0 million to 1.6 billion in order to provide for a four-for—one stock
split of the common stock effected in the form of a stock dividend. The record date for the stock split was
April 3, 2013, and the additional shares were distributed on April 17, 2013. Each stockholder of record on the
close of business on the record date received three additional shares of common stock for each share held. All
share and per share data presented herein reﬂect the impact of the increase in authorized shares and the stock
split, as appropriate.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US. generally accepted accounting principles
(“U.S. GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions in the Company’s consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto.
Signiﬁcant estimates and assumptions made by management include the determination of:
0 the best estimate of selling price of the deliverables included in multiple deliverable revenue
arrangements,
0 the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for business combinations,
0 the recognition, measurement and valuation of current and deferred income taxes,
0 the fair value of convertible notes,
0 the fair value of stock awards issued and related forfeiture rates,
0 the useful lives of intangible assets, property and equipment and building and structural components, and
0 the valuation of strategic investments and the determination of other-than-temporary impairments.
80