additional personnel, particularly in direct sales, other customer-related areas and research and development, the
expansion of domestic and international selling and marketing activities, specifically in our top markets,
continuing to develop our brands, the addition of distribution channels, the upgrade of our service offerings, the
development of new services such as the announcement of our Analytics Cloud, Community Cloud, and Internet
of Things, or IoT, Cloud, the integration of acquired technologies, the expansion of our Marketing Cloud and
App Cloud core service offerings, and the additions to our global infrastructure to support our growth.
We also regularly evaluate acquisitions or investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint
ventures, services and technologies and intellectual property rights in an effort to expand our service offerings.
We expect to continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future and we plan to reinvest a
significant portion of our incremental revenue in future periods to grow our business and continue our leadership
role in the cloud computing industry. As a result of our aggressive growth plans, specifically our hiring plan and
acquisition activities, we have incurred signiﬁcant expenses from equity awards and amortization of purchased
intangibles which have resulted in net losses on a U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) basis.
As we continue with our growth plan, we may continue to have net losses on a GAAP basis in some future
quarters. We remained focused on improving operating margins in fiscal 2016 and expect to remain similarly
focused in ﬁscal 2017. Our operating margin for ﬁscal 2016 was $114.9 million compared to a $145.6 million
loss during the same period a year ago.
Our typical subscription contract term is 12 to 36 months, although terms range from one to 60 months, so
during any fiscal reporting period only a subset of active subscription contracts is eligible for renewal. We
calculate our attrition rate as of the end of each month. Our current attrition rate calculation does not include the
Marketing Cloud service offerings. Our attrition rate was between eight and nine percent during the fiscal year
ended January 31, 2016, which is favorable compared to the nine to ten percent attrition rate as of January 31,
2015. We expect our attrition rate to remain in this range as we continue to expand our enterprise business and
invest in customer success and related programs.
We expect marketing and sales costs, which were 49 percent of our total revenues for the fiscal year ended
January 31, 2016 and 51 percent for the same period a year ago, to continue to represent a substantial portion of
total revenues in the future as we seek to grow our customer base, sell more products to existing customers, and
build greater brand awareness.
Fiscal Year
Our fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal 2016, for example, refer to the fiscal year ending
January 31, 2016.
Operating Segments
We operate as one operating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for
which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker, who in our
case is the chief executive officer, in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. Over the past
few years, we have completed several acquisitions. These acquisitions have allowed us to expand our offerings,
presence and reach in various market segments of the enterprise cloud computing market. While we have
offerings in multiple enterprise cloud computing market segments, our business operates in one operating
segment because all of our offerings operate on a single platform and are deployed in an identical way, and our
chief operating decision maker evaluates our ﬁnancial information and resources and assesses the performance of
these resources on a consolidated basis. Since we operate as one operating segment, all required financial
segment information can be found in the consolidated financial statements.
39