0 other than temporary impairments in the value of our strategic investments in early-to-late stage
privately held companies, which could be material in a particular quarter;
0 expenses related to significant, unusual or discrete events, which are recorded in the period in which
the events occur;
0 general economic conditions, which may adversely affect either our customers’ ability or willingness to
purchase additional subscriptions or upgrade their services, or delay a prospective customer’s
purchasing decision, reduce the value of new subscription contracts, or affect attrition rates;
- timing of additional investments in our enterprise cloud computing application and platform services
and in our consulting services;
0 regulatory compliance costs;
0 changes in payment terms and the timing of customer payments and payment defaults by customers;
0 extraordinary expenses such as litigation or other dispute-related settlement payments;
0 the impact of new accounting pronouncements;
° equity issuances, including as consideration in acquisitions or due to the conversion of our outstanding
convertible notes at the election of the note holders;
0 the timing of stock awards to employees and the related adverse financial statement impact of having to
expense those stock awards on a straight-line basis over their vesting schedules;
0 the timing of commission, bonus, and other compensation payments to employees; and
0 the timing of payroll and other withholding tax expenses, which are triggered by the payment of
bonuses and when employees exercise their vested stock awards.
Many of these factors are outside of our control, and the occurrence of one or more of them might cause our
operating results to vary widely. As such, we believe that historical quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our
revenues, operating results, changes in our deferred revenue and unbilled deferred revenue balances and cash
ﬂows may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance.
Additionally, if we fail to meet or exceed the expectations of securities analysts and investors, or if one or
more of the securities analysts who cover us adversely change their recommendation regarding our stock, the
market price of our common stock could decline. Moreover, our stock price may be based on expectations,
estimates and forecasts of our future performance that may be unrealistic or that may not be met. Further, our
stock price may ﬂuctuate based on reporting by the financial media, including television, radio and press reports
and blogs.
If we experience significant ﬂuctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and fail to balance our
expenses with our revenue forecasts, our results could be harmed.
Due to the pace of change and innovation in enterprise cloud computing services and the unpredictability of
future general economic and financial market conditions and the impact of foreign currency exchange rate
ﬂuctuations, we may not be able to accurately forecast our rate of growth. We plan our expense levels and
investment on estimates of future revenue and future anticipated rate of growth. We may not be able to adjust our
spending appropriately if the addition of new subscriptions or the renewals of existing subscriptions fall short of
our expectations. A portion of our expenses may also be fixed in nature for some minimum amount of time, such
as with a data center contract or office lease, so it may not be possible to reduce costs in a timely manner or
without the payment of fees to exit certain obligations early. As a result, we expect that our revenues, operating
results and cash ﬂows may ﬂuctuate significantly on a quarterly basis. Our recent revenue growth rates may not
be sustainable and may decline in the future. We believe that historical period-to-period comparisons of our
revenues, operating results and cash ﬂows may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication
of future performance.
18