Our subscription service arrangements are non-cancelable and do not contain refund-type provisions.
Subscription and Support Revenues
Subscription and support revenues are recognized ratably over the contract terms beginning on the
commencement date of each contract, which is the date our service is made available to customers. Amounts that
have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in deferred revenue or revenue, depending on
whether the revenue recognition criteria have been met.
Professional Services and Other Revenues
The majority of our professional services contracts are on a time and material basis. When these services are
not combined with subscription revenues as a single unit of accounting, as discussed below, these revenues are
recognized as the services are rendered for time and material contracts, and when the milestones are achieved and
accepted by the customer for ﬁxed price contracts. Training revenues are recognized after the services are
performed.
Multiple Deliverable Arrangements
We enter into arrangements with multiple deliverables that generally include multiple subscriptions,
premium support, and professional services. If the deliverables have standalone value upon delivery, we account
for each deliverable separately. Subscription services have standalone value as such services are often sold
separately. In determining whether professional services have standalone value, we consider the following
factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the
professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the
subscription service start date, and the contractual dependence of the subscription service on the customer’s
satisfaction with the professional services work. To date, we have concluded that all of the professional services
included in multiple deliverable arrangements executed have standalone value.
Multiple deliverables included in an arrangement are separated into different units of accounting and the
arrangement consideration is allocated to the identified separate units based on a relative selling price hierarchy.
We determine the relative selling price for a deliverable based on its vendor-specific objective evidence of selling
price (“VSOE”), if available, or our best estimate of selling price (“BESP”), if VSOE is not available. We have
determined that third-party evidence (“TPE”) is not a practical alternative due to differences in our service
offerings compared to other parties and the availability of relevant third-party pricing information. The amount of
revenue allocated to delivered items is limited by contingent revenue, if any.
For certain professional services, we have established VSOE as a consistent number of standalone sales of
this deliverable have been priced within a reasonably narrow range. We have not established VSOE for our
subscription services due to lack of pricing consistency, the introduction of new services and other factors.
Accordingly, we use our BESP to determine the relative selling price.
We determined BESP by considering our overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Signiﬁcant
pricing practices taken into consideration include our discounting practices, the size and volume of our
transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where our services are sold, our price lists, our go-
to-market strategy, historical standalone sales and contract prices. The determination of BESP is made through
consultation with and approval by management, taking into consideration the go-to-market strategy. As our go-
to-market strategies evolve, we may modify our pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes in
relative selling prices, including both VSOE and BESP.
Deferred Revenue. The deferred revenue balance does not represent the total contract value of annual or
multi-year, non-cancelable subscription agreements. Deferred revenue primarily consists of billings or payments
45