Available Information
You can obtain copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current
Reports on Form 8-K, and other filings with the SEC, and all amendments to these filings, free of charge from
our website at http://www.salesforce.com/company/investor/sec-filings/ as soon as reasonably practicable
following our filing of any of these reports with the SEC. You can also obtain copies free of charge by contacting
our Investor Relations department at our office address listed above. The public may read and copy any materials
filed by the Company with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580,
Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by
calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and
information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at
www.sec. gov. The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this filing. Further, the Company’s
references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Other events that we do not
currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our results of operations, cash ﬂows
and financial condition.
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
If our security measures or those of our third-party data center hosting facilities, cloud computing
platform providers, or third-party service partners, are breached, and unauthorized access is obtained to a
customer’s data, our data or our IT systems, our services may be perceived as not being secure, customers may
curtail or stop using our services, and we may incur signiﬁcant legal and ﬁnancial exposure and liabilities.
Our services involve the storage and transmission of customers’ proprietary information, and security breaches
could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation and possible liability. While we have security
measures in place, they may be breached as a result of third-party action, including intentional misconduct by
computer hackers, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise and result in someone obtaining unauthorized access
to our IT data, our customers’ data or our data, including our intellectual property and other confidential business
information. Additionally, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing
sensitive information such as user names, passwords or other information in order to gain access to our customers’
data, our data or our IT systems. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems,
change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate
these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. In addition, our customers may authorize third-
party technology providers to access their customer data, and some of our customers may not have adequate
security measures in place to protect their data that is stored on our services. Because we do not control our
customers or third-party technology providers, or the processing of such data by third-party technology providers,
we cannot ensure the integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. Malicious third parties may also
conduct attacks designed to temporarily deny customers access to our services. Any security breach could result in a
loss of confidence in the security of our services, damage our reputation, negatively impact our future sales, disrupt
our business and lead to legal liability.
Defects or disruptions in our services could diminish demand for our services and subject as to
substantial liability.
Because our services are complex and incorporate a variety of hardware and proprietary and third-party
software, our services may have errors or defects that could result in unanticipated downtime for our subscribers
and harm to our reputation and our business. Cloud services frequently contain undetected errors when first
introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. We have from time to time found defects in, and
experienced disruptions to, our services and new defects or disruptions may occur in the future. In addition, our
12