Intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives. Each period the Company evaluates the estimated
remaining useful life of its intangible assets and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to
the remaining period of amortization. The carrying amounts of these assets are periodically reviewed for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not
be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of each asset to
the future undiscounted cash ﬂows the asset is expected to generate. If the undiscounted cash ﬂows used in the
test for recoverability are less than the carrying amount of these assets, then the carrying amount of such assets is
reduced to fair value.
Long- Lived Assets and Impairment Assessment
The Company evaluates long-lived assets for possible impairment whenever events or circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. This includes but is not limited to
significant adverse changes in business climate, market conditions, or other events that indicate an asset’s
carrying amount may not be recoverable. If such review indicates that the carrying amount of long-lived assets is
not recoverable, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value. There was no impairment of long-
lived assets during fiscal 2016, 2015 or 2014.
Business Combinations
The Company uses its best estimates and assumptions to accurately assign fair value to the tangible and
intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. The Company’s estimates are inherently
uncertain and subject to refinement. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the
acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets
acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. In addition, uncertain tax positions
and tax-related valuation allowances are initially established in connection with a business combination as of the
acquisition date. The Company continues to collect information and reevaluates these estimates and assumptions
quarterly and records any adjustments to the Company’s preliminary estimates to goodwill provided that the
Company is within the measurement period. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or ﬁnal
determination of the fair value of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent
adjustments are recorded to the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.
Leases and Asset Retirement Obligations
The Company categorizes leases at their inception as either operating or capital leases. In certain lease
agreements, the Company may receive rent holidays and other incentives. The Company recognizes lease costs
on a straight-line basis once control of the space is achieved, without regard to deferred payment terms such as
rent holidays that defer the commencement date of required payments. Additionally, incentives received are
treated as a reduction of costs over the term of the agreement.
The Company establishes assets and liabilities for the present value of estimated future costs to retire long-
lived assets at the termination or expiration of a lease. Such assets are depreciated over the lease period into
operating expense, and the recorded liabilities are accreted to the future value of the estimated retirement costs.
The Company records assets and liabilities for the estimated construction costs incurred under build-to-suit
lease arrangements to the extent it is involved in the construction of structural improvements or takes
construction risk prior to commencement of a lease.
Accounting for Stock-Based Expense
The Company recognizes stock-based expenses related to stock options and restricted stock awards on a
straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of four
85