Parker Harris co-founded Salesforce in February 1999 and has served in senior technical positions since
inception. From December 2004 to February 2013, Mr. Harris served as our Executive Vice President,
Technology. Prior to Salesforce, Mr. Harris was a Vice President at Left Coast Software, a Java consulting firm
he co-founded, from October 1996 to February 1999. Mr. Harris received a BA. from Middlebury College.
Mark Hawkins has served as our Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President since August 2014.
He served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and principal ﬁnancial ofﬁcer for Autodesk,
Inc., a design software and services company, from April 2009 to July 2014. From April 2006 to April 2009,
Mr. Hawkins served as Senior Vice President, Finance and Information Technology, and Chief Financial Officer
of Logitech International SA. Previously, Mr. Hawkins held various finance and business-management roles
with Dell Inc. and Hewlett-Packard Company. Mr. Hawkins served on the Board of Directors of BMC Software,
Inc. from May 2010 through September 2013, at which time BMC was taken private. Mr. Hawkins holds a BA.
in Operations Management from Michigan State University and an MBA. in Finance from the University of
Colorado. He also completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School.
Maria Martinez has served as our President, Sales and Customer Success since February 2013. Prior to that,
Ms. Martinez served as our Executive Vice President, Chief Growth Officer from February 2012 to February
2013 and our Executive Vice President, Customers for Life from February 2010 to February 2012. Prior to
Salesforce, Ms. Martinez was at Microsoft Corporation and served as its Corporate Vice President of Worldwide
Services. In addition to Microsoft, she was president and CEO of Embrace Networks, and also held senior
leadership roles at Motorola, Inc. and AT&T Inc. / Bell Laboratories. Ms. Martinez received a BS. in Electrical
Engineering from the University of Puerto Rico and an MS. in Computer Engineering from Ohio State
University.
Burke Norton has served as our Chief Legal Officer since October 2011. Prior to Salesforce, Mr. Norton
was Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary and a member of the office of the chairman at
Expedia, Inc. from October 2006 to October 2011. Previously, Mr. Norton was a partner at the law firm of
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati P.C., where he practiced corporate and securities law, representing clients in
the enterprise software, telecommunications, semiconductor, life sciences, entertainment and ecommerce
industries. Mr. Norton holds a J .D. from the University of California, Berkeley School of Law.
Cindy Robbins has served as our Executive Vice President, Global Employee Success since July 2015. She
served as Senior Vice President, Global Employee Success from October 2014 to June 2015 and Vice President,
Global Employee Success from November 2013 to September 2014. Prior to that, Ms. Robbins held various other
positions in Executive Recruiting, Sales and Marketing at the Company since 2006. Ms. Robbins holds a BS. in
Political Science from Santa Clara University.
Amy Weaver has served as our Executive Vice President and General Counsel since July 2015. She served
as Senior Vice President and General Counsel from October 2013 to July 2015. From December 2010 to June
2013, Ms. Weaver served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel at Univar Inc. Previously,
Ms. Weaver was Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel at Expedia, Inc. and before that she
practiced law at two global law firms. Ms. Weaver holds a BA. in Political Science from Wellesley College and
a JD. from Harvard Law School.
33