General and Administrative. General and administrative expenses consist of salaries and related expenses,
including stock-based expenses, for finance and accounting, legal, internal audit, human resources and management
information systems personnel, legal costs, professional fees, other corporate expenses and allocated overhead. We
expect that in the future, general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we invest in our
infrastructure and we incur additional employee related costs, professional fees and insurance costs related to the
growth of our business and international expansion. We expect general and administrative costs as a percentage of
total revenues to either remain ﬂat or decrease for the next several quarters.
Stock-Based Expenses. Our cost of revenues and operating expenses include stock-based expenses related to
equity plans for employees and non-employee directors. We recognize our stock-based compensation as an
expense in the statement of operations based on their fair values and vesting periods. These charges have been
significant in the past and we expect that they will increase as our stock price increases, as we acquire more
companies, as we hire more employees and seek to retain existing employees.
During fiscal 2016, we recognized stock-based expense of $593.6 million. As of January 31, 2016, the
aggregate stock compensation remaining to be amortized to costs and expenses was $1.6 billion. We expect this
stock compensation balance to be amortized as follows: $626.1 million during fiscal 2017 ; $481.0 million during
fiscal 2018 ; $340.6 million during fiscal 2019 and $157.1 million during fiscal 2020. The expected amortization
reﬂects only outstanding stock awards as of January 31, 2016 and assumes no forfeiture activity. We expect to
continue to issue stock-based awards to our employees in future periods.
Amortization of Purchased Intangibles from Business Combinations. Our cost of revenues and operating
expenses include amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, such as the amortization of the cost
associated with an acquired company’s research and development efforts, trade names, customer lists and
customer relationships. We expect this expense to increase as we acquire more companies.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses,
and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our actual results may
differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 1 “Summary of Business
and Significant Accounting Policies” to our consolidated financial statements, the following accounting policies
involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most
critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations.
Revenue Recognition. We derive our revenues from two sources: (1) subscription revenues, which are
comprised of subscription fees from customers accessing our enterprise cloud computing services and from
customers purchasing additional support beyond the standard support that is included in the basic subscription
fee; and (2) related professional services such as process mapping, project management, implementation services
and other revenue. “Other revenue” consists primarily of training fees.
We commence revenue recognition when all of the following conditions are satisfied:
0 there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement;
0 the service has been or is being provided to the customer;
0 the collection of the fees is reasonably assured; and
0 the amount of fees to be paid by the customer is fixed or determinable.
44