these factors, such as economic conditions and governmental regulations. Further, our operations may not
generate sufficient cash to enable us to service our debt or contractual obligations resulting from our leases. If we
fail to make a payment on our debt, we could be in default on such debt. If we are at any time unable to generate
sufficient cash ﬂows from operations to service our indebtedness when payment is due, we may be required to
attempt to renegotiate the terms of the instruments relating to the indebtedness, seek to refinance all or a portion
of the indebtedness or obtain additional financing. There can be no assurance that we would be able to
successfully renegotiate such terms, that any such refinancing would be possible or that any additional financing
could be obtained on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us.
A failure to comply with the covenants and other provisions of our outstanding debt could result in events of
default under such instruments, which could permit acceleration of all of our notes and borrowings under our
revolving credit facility. Any required repayment of our notes or revolving credit facility as a result of a
fundamental change or other acceleration would lower our current cash on hand such that we would not have
those funds available for use in our business.
The new lease accounting guidance places operating lease activity on our consolidated balance sheet in
fiscal 2020, which results in an increase in both our assets and financing obligations. The implementation of this
guidance may impact our ability to obtain the necessary financing from financial institutions at commercially
viable rates or at all as this new guidance will result in a higher financing obligation on our consolidated balance
sheet.
Weakened global economic conditions may adversely affect our industry, business and results of
operations.
Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic conditions. The United States and other
key international economies have experienced cyclical downturns from time to time in which economic activity
was impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced
corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, bankruptcies and overall
uncertainty with respect to the economy. These conditions affect the rate of information technology spending and
could adversely affect our customers’ ability or willingness to purchase our enterprise cloud computing services,
delay prospective customers’ purchasing decisions, reduce the value or duration of their subscription contracts, or
affect attrition rates, all of which could adversely affect our operating results.
Natural disasters and other events beyond our control could materially adversely affect us.
Natural disasters or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations,
international commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect on us. Our
business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shortages, pandemics and other
events beyond our control. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events
could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers, and could decrease
demand for our services. The majority of our research and development activities, corporate headquarters,
information technology systems, and other critical business operations, are located near major seismic faults in
the San Francisco Bay Area. Because we do not carry earthquake insurance for direct quake-related losses,
with the exception of the building that we own in San Francisco, and significant recovery time could be
required to resume operations, our financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely
affected in the event of a major earthquake or catastrophic event.
26