provisions requiring an increase to the conversion rate for conversions in connection with a make-whole
fundamental change may in certain circumstances delay or prevent a takeover of us and the removal of incumbent
management that might otherwise be beneﬁcial to investors.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
As of January 31, 2016, our executive and principal offices for sales, marketing, professional services and
development consist of over 1.4 million square feet of leased and owned property in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Of this total, we lease and occupy over 870,000 square feet and own and occupy over 567,000 square feet (out of
the approximately 817,000 square feet of total owned space at 50 Fremont Street, San Francisco). We also lease
space in various locations throughout the United States for local sales and professional services personnel. Our
foreign subsidiaries lease office space in a number of countries in Europe, Canada and Asia Pacific for our
international operations, primarily for local sales and professional services personnel.
In addition, we have entered into the following commitments for additional office space in the San Francisco
Bay Area:
In December 2012, we entered into a lease agreement for approximately 445,000 rentable square feet of
office space at 350 Mission Street in San Francisco, California. The space rented is for the total office space
available in the building, which is in the process of being constructed. As a result of our involvement during the
construction period, we are considered for accounting purposes to be the owner of the construction project. We
expect to begin occupying this office space beginning in our first quarter of fiscal 2017. We have excluded this
square footage from the total leased space in the San Francisco Bay Area stated above.
In April 2014, we entered into a lease agreement for approximately 732,000 rentable square feet of under
construction office space located in San Francisco, California. The lease payments associated with the lease will
be approximately $590.0 million over the 15.5 year term of the lease, beginning in our first quarter of fiscal
2018. We do not currently occupy this property, and we have excluded this square footage from the total leased
space in the San Francisco Bay Area stated above.
We operate data centers in the US, Europe and Asia pursuant to various co-location lease arrangements.
We believe that our existing facilities and offices are adequate to meet our current requirements. If we
require additional space, we believe that we will be able to obtain such space on acceptable, commercially
reasonable terms.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
In the ordinary course of business, we are or may be involved in various legal proceedings and claims
related to alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, commercial, corporate
and securities, labor and employment, class actions, wage and hour, and other claims. We have been, and may in
the future be put on notice or sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights, including
patent infringement.
In July 2015, we and certain of our current and former directors were named as defendants in a purported
shareholder derivative action in the Superior Court for the State of California, County of San Francisco. The
plaintiff filed an amended version of this derivative complaint in November 2015. The derivative complaint
alleged that excessive compensation was paid to such directors for their service and included allegations of
30