We were incorporated in Delaware in February 1999. Our principal executive offices are located in
San Francisco, California, and our principal website address is www.salesforce.com. Our office address is
The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, California 94105.
The Age of the Customer
We believe that the convergence of cloud, social, mobile, data science and Internet of Things technologies is
fundamentally transforming how companies sell, service, market and innovate to connect with their customers.
Cloud computing has changed the way enterprise business apps are developed and deployed. Organizations
no longer need to buy and maintain their own infrastructure of servers, storage and development tools in order to
create and run business apps. Instead, companies can gain access to a variety of business apps Via an Internet
browser or mobile device on an as-needed basis, without the cost and complexity of managing the hardware or
software in-house.
Social networking has transformed the way people engage and collaborate and is accelerating the adoption
of technologies that connect people, products and brands. In addition, the proliferation of mobile phones
worldwide continues, and enterprise mobile apps are making it possible for people to conduct business from their
phones anytime and anywhere.
Progress in data science and machine learning is moving companies beyond just automating business
processes to more data-driven, predictive computing solutions. As more people and devices become connected
via the Internet of Things, mobile devices and apps, companies are unlocking insights and turning data into
meaningful actions to help them to proactively engage one-to-one with customers in real time.
By bringing together the power of cloud, social, mobile, data science and Internet of Things technologies in
our Customer Success Platform, we believe Salesforce is at the forefront of enabling companies to digitally
transform into customer-centric companies.
Our Cloud Service Offerings
We provide enterprise cloud computing solutions that include apps and platform services, as well as
professional services to facilitate the adoption of our solutions. Our service offerings empower companies to
grow sales faster; deliver customer service on multiple devices and channels; enable marketers to create one-to-
one customer journeys; build branded communities for customers, partners and employees; deliver analytics for
every business user; turn data generated by the Internet of Things, or IoT, into meaningful actions; and develop
modern mobile and desktop apps quickly and easily.
Our service offerings are as follows:
Sales Cloud. The Sales Cloud enables companies to store data, monitor leads and progress, forecast
opportunities, gain insights through relationship intelligence and collaborate around any sale on desktop
and mobile devices. Our customers use the Sales Cloud to grow their sales pipelines, improve sales
productivity, simplify complex business processes and close more deals. The Sales Cloud also offers
solutions for partner relationship management (including channel management and partner communities)
and complete, accurate customer and contact information.
Service Cloud. The Service Cloud enables companies to deliver smarter, faster and more personalized
customer service and support. Our customers use the Service Cloud to connect their service agents with
customers at any time and anywhere, on popular devices and across multiple channels—phone, email,
chat, self-service web portals, social networks, online communities and directly within their own products
and mobile apps.
4