profit sharing arrangement under the Alipay IPLA will be proportionately reduced based on the amount of equity
interests acquired by us.
For additional details of the new and amended agreements, see “Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related
Party Transactions — B. Related Party Transactions — Agreements and Transactions Related to Ant Financial
Services and its Subsidiaries.”
Acquired Intangible Assets and Goodwill
When we make an acquisition, consideration that exceeds the book value of the acquired assets are allocated
to acquired intangible assets and goodwill, respectively. We have and will continue to incur amortization expenses
as we amortize acquired intangible assets over their estimated useful life on a straight-line basis. We do not
amortize our goodwill. We test intangible assets and goodwill periodically for impairment, and any such impairment
may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Some of our acquisitions and
investments may not be successful, and we may incur impairment charges in the future. For additional information,
see “— Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates — Impairment Assessment on Goodwill and Intangible Assets”
and “Item 3. Key Information — D. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business and Industry — We face risks
relating to our acquisitions, investments and alliances.”
Key Financial Information of Selected Equity Method Investees
Our investments in the following companies are accounted for under the equity method. Consistent with our
accounting policies for investments in equity method investees, we record our share of results of the following
companies on a one quarter in arrears basis within share of results of equity investees in the consolidated income
statements.
Cainiao Network
The following table is a summary of key unaudited financial information of Cainiao Network Technology
Co., Ltd.*:
Income statement data:
Twelve months ended
December 31,
2014 2015
RMB RMB
(in millions)
941 3,099
(183) (617)
Balance sheet data:
As of
December 31,
2014 2015
RMB RMB
(in millions)
Totalassets....................................... 5,951 5,929
Totalliabilities..................................... 2,642 1,761
Totalequity....................................... 3,309 4,168
* Cainiao Network Technology Co., Ltd. is a company incorporated in China. After the completion of a restructuring process in March 2016, it
became a wholly owned subsidiary of Cainiao Network. Prior to the restructuring, we held a direct 48% equity interest in Cainiao Network
Technology Co. Ltd. See note 4(w) to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for further details.
122