In addition, the State Administration for Taxation has issued circulars concerning employee share options,
restricted shares or RSUs. Under these circulars, employees working in the PRC who exercise share options, or
whose restricted shares or RSUs vest, will be subject to PRC individual income tax. The PRC subsidiaries of an
overseas listed company have obligations to file documents related to employee share options or restricted shares
with relevant tax authorities and to withhold individual income taxes of those employees related to their share
options, restricted shares or RSUs. Although we and our overseas listed subsidiaries currently withhold income tax
from our PRC employees in connection with their exercise of options and the vesting of their restricted shares and
RSUs, if the employees fail to pay, or the PRC subsidiaries fail to withhold, their income taxes according to
relevant laws, rules and regulations, the PRC subsidiaries may face sanctions imposed by the tax authorities.
We rely to a signiﬁcant extent on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our principal operating subsidiaries
in China and on remittances, including loans, from the variable interest entities in China to fund oﬁfshore cash and
ﬁnancing requirements.
We are a holding company and rely to a significant extent on dividends and other distributions on equity paid
by our principal operating subsidiaries and on remittances, including loans, from the variable interest entities, for
our offshore cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash
distributions to our shareholders, fund inter-company loans, service any debt we may incur outside of China and
pay our expenses. When our principal operating subsidiaries or the variable interest entities incur additional debt,
the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions or
remittances, including loans, to us. Furthermore, the laws, rules and regulations applicable to our PRC subsidiaries
and certain other subsidiaries permit payments of dividends only out of their retained earnings, if any, determined
in accordance with applicable accounting standards and regulations.
Under PRC laws, rules and regulations, each of our subsidiaries incorporated in China is required to set aside
a portion of its net income each year to fund certain statutory reserves. These reserves, together with the
registered equity, are not distributable as cash dividends. As a result of these laws, rules and regulations, our
subsidiaries incorporated in China are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their respective net assets
to their shareholders as dividends. In addition, registered share capital and capital reserve accounts are also
restricted from withdrawal in the PRC, up to the amount of net assets held in each operating subsidiary. As of
March 31, 2016, these restricted assets totaled RMB39,116 million (US$6,066 million).
Limitations on the ability of the variable interest entities to make remittance to the wholly-foreign owned
enterprises to pay dividends to us could limit our ability to access cash generated by the operations of those
entities, including to make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our businesses, pay dividends to
our shareholders or otherwise fund and conduct our business.
The services conducted by our wholly-foreign owned enterprises might be regarded as a form of online advertising or as
part of services requiring an Internet content provider license or other licenses and subjecting us to other laws, rules and
regulations as well as increased taxes.
Our pay-for-performance, or P4P, services and other related services are currently not classified as a form of
online advertising in China or as part of services requiring an ICP license or other licenses. We conduct our P4P
and other related business through our wholly-foreign owned enterprises in the PRC, which are not qualified to
operate an online advertising business and do not hold an ICP license. However, we cannot assure you that the
PRC government will not classify our P4P and other related services as a form of online advertising or as part of
services requiring an ICP license or other licenses in the future. On July 1, 2015, the SAIC published a discussion
draft of the Interim Administrative Measures on Internet Advertising, or the Draft Internet Advertising Measures,
to solicit public comments. The Draft Internet Advertising Measures defines Internet advertisement as commercial
display, link, email as well as paid-for search results published in the forms of words, pictures, audio and video,
and related media, through Internet media resources. If the Draft Internet Advertising Measures are promulgated
as proposed, our P4P services and other related services may be characterized as Internet advertisement.
44