in full compliance with relevant laws and regulations in the future. In addition, the PRC legal system is based in
part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all, and
which may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules
until after the occurrence of the violation.
Any administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and
diversion of resources and management attention. Since PRC administrative and court authorities have significant
discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate
the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy than in more
developed legal systems. These uncertainties may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered into
and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
PRC regulations regarding acquisitions impose significant regulatory approval and review requirements, which could make
it more diﬁ‘icult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions.
Under the PRC Anti-Monopoly Law, companies undertaking acquisitions relating to businesses in China must
notify MOFCOM, in advance of any transaction where the parties’ revenues in the China market exceed certain
thresholds and the buyer would obtain control of, or decisive inﬂuence over, the other party. In addition, on
August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies, including the MOFCOM, the State-Owned Assets Supervision and
Administration Commission, the State Administration of Taxation, the SAIC, the China Securities Regulatory
Commission, or the CSRC, and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, jointly adopted the
Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or the M&A Rules, which
came into effect on September 8, 2006 and was amended on June 22, 2009. Under the M&A Rules, the approval
of MOFCOM must be obtained in circumstances where overseas companies established or controlled by PRC
enterprises or residents acquire domestic companies affiliated with such PRC enterprises or residents. Applicable
PRC laws, rules and regulations also require certain merger and acquisition transactions to be subject to security
review. Due to the level of our revenues, our proposed acquisition of control of, or decisive inﬂuence over, any
company with revenues within China of more than RMB400 million in the year prior to any proposed acquisition
would be subject to MOFCOM merger control review. As a result of our size, many of the transactions we may
undertake could be subject to MOFCOM merger review. Complying with the requirements of the relevant
regulations to complete such transactions could be time-consuming, and any required approval processes, including
approval from MOFCOM, may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions, which could affect our
ability to expand our business or maintain our market share. In addition, MOFCOM has not accepted antitrust
filings for any transaction involving parties that adopt a variable interest entity structure. If MOFCOM’s practice
remains unchanged, our ability to carry out our investment and acquisition strategy may be materially and
adversely affected and there may be significant uncertainty as to whether transactions that we may undertake
would subject us to fines or other administrative penalties and negative publicity and whether we will be able to
complete large acquisitions in the future in a timely manner or at all.
PRC regulations relating to investments in oﬁ‘shore companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC-resident beneﬁcial
owners or our PRC subsidiaries to liability or penalties, limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries or
limit our PRC subsidiaries’ ability to increase their registered capital or distribute proﬁts.
SAFE promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic
Residents’ Offshore Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles, or
SAFE Circular 37, on July 4, 2014, which replaced the former circular commonly known as “SAFE Circular 75”
promulgated by SAFE on October 21, 2005. SAFE Circular 37 requires PRC residents to register with local
branches of SAFE in connection with their direct establishment or indirect control of an offshore entity, for the
purpose of overseas investment and financing, with such PRC residents’ legally owned assets or equity interests in
domestic enterprises or offshore assets or interests, referred to in SAFE Circular 37 as a “special purpose vehicle.”
SAFE Circular 37 further requires amendment to the registration in the event of any significant changes with
respect to the special purpose vehicle, such as increase or decrease of capital contributed by PRC individuals, share
42