Following the divestment of our interest in and control over Alipay, effective in the first calendar quarter of
2011, the ownership structure of Alipay’s parent entity, Ant Financial Services, was changed such that Jack Ma
held a substantial majority of the equity ownership interest in Ant Financial Services. The ownership structure of
Ant Financial Services has subsequently been further restructured. In May 2016, Ant Financial Services completed
a round of equity financing of approximately US$45 billion. As of the date of this annual report, approximately
42.28% of its equity interests are held by Junhan, approximately 34.15% of its equity interests are held by Junao
and approximately 23.57% of its equity interests are held by other shareholders.
Economic interests of Ant Financial Services through Junhan are owned by Jack Ma, Simon Xie and other
employees of our company and Ant Financial Services. These economic interests are in the form of limited
partnership interests and interests similar to share appreciation rights tied to potential appreciation in the value of
Ant Financial Services. The economic interests in Junao are held in the form of limited partnership interests by
certain members of the Alibaba Partnership.
We understand that it is the intention of the shareholders of Ant Financial Services that:
0 Jack Ma’s direct and indirect economic interest in Ant Financial Services will be reduced over time to a
percentage that does not exceed his and his affiliates’ interest in our company as of the time immediately
prior to the completion of our initial public offering (the percentage of our ordinary shares Jack and his
affiliates beneficially owned immediately prior to the completion of our initial public offering was 8.8%) and
that this reduction will be caused in a manner by which neither Jack nor any of his affiliates would receive
any economic benefit. See “— Commitments of Jack Ma to Alibaba Group.” We have been informed by
Ant Financial Services that such proposed reduction of Jack’s economic interest is expected to be
accomplished within three to five years from our initial public offering in September 2014 through a
combination of future equity-based incentive awards to employees and dilutive issuances of equity in Ant
Financial Services, among others;
0 from time to time, additional economic interests in Ant Financial Services in the form of interests similar to
share appreciation rights issued by Junhan will be transferred to employees of Ant Financial Services and
our employees; and
0 Ant Financial Services will raise equity capital from investors in the future in order to finance its business
expansion, with the effect that the shareholding of Junao and Junhan in Ant Financial Services will be
reduced through dilution (the amount of such dilution would depend on future valuations and the amount
of equity capital to be raised), but it is the intention that the combined ownership of Junao and Junhan
(and through them, Jack Ma) will continue to constitute a majority of the outstanding equity interests of
Ant Financial Services.
The general partner of both Junao and Junhan is an entity 100% owned by Jack Ma. As the general partner,
this entity, and therefore indirectly Jack, holds the voting rights in the two limited partnerships, while the limited
partners hold a majority of the economic interests in each of Junao and Junhan. Accordingly, Jack is able to
exercise the voting power of Junao and Junhan as the major shareholders of Ant Financial Services.
Our Relationship with Ant Financial Services and Alipay through August 2014
After the divestment of our interest in and control over Alipay, we entered into a framework agreement in
July 2011, or the 2011 framework agreement, with SoftBank, Yahoo, Alipay, Ant Financial Services, Jack Ma and
Joe Tsai and certain of their affiliates. At the same time, we also entered into various implementation agreements
that included a commercial agreement, or the Alipay commercial agreement, an intellectual property license and
software technology service agreement, or the Alipay IPLA, and a shared services agreement, which together
governed our financial and commercial relationships with Ant Financial Services and Alipay.
As described in more detail below, we restructured our relationship with Ant Financial Services in
August 2014 with the approval of our board of directors and with the agreement of SoftBank, Yahoo, Alipay, Ant
Financial Services, Jack Ma and Joe Tsai and certain of their and our affiliates.
175