Mr. Ekholm received a master’s degree in electrical engineering from KTH Royal Institute of Technology and a
master’s degree in business administration from INSEAD.
Wan Ling MARTELLO has been our director since September 2015. She is currently the executive vice
president, head of zone Asia, Oceania, Sub-Saharan Africa of Nestlé S.A. Prior to this appointment, Ms. Martello
was executive vice president, chief financial officer of Nestlé 8A., and joined the company in November 2011.
Before joining Nestlé S.A., Ms. Martello worked at Walmart Stores Inc. from 2005 to 2011 where she served as
executive vice president, global ecommerce, and senior vice president and chief financial officer, Walmart
International, at different times. Prior to that, Ms. Martello worked at NCH Marketing Services Inc. from 1998 to
2005 and Borden Foods Corporation from 1995 to 1998, where she held various senior management positions.
Previously, Ms. Martello worked at Kraft Foods, Inc. from 1985 to 1995. Ms. Martello received a master’s degree
in business administration from the University of Minnesota and a bachelor’s degree in business administration and
accountancy from the University of the Philippines. She is a certified public accountant in the Philippines.
Maggie Wei WU (ﬁll) has been our chief financial officer since May 2013. Maggie served as our deputy chief
financial officer from October 2011 to May 2013. Maggie joined our company in July 2007 as chief financial officer
of Alibaba.com and was responsible for instituting Alibaba.com’s financial systems and organization leading up to
its initial public offering in Hong Kong in November of that year, as well as co- leading the privatization of
Alibaba.com in 2012. She was voted best CFO in FinanceAsia’s annual poll for Asia’s Best Managed Companies in
2010. Before joining our company, Maggie was an audit partner at KPMG in Beijing. In her 15 years with KPMG,
she was lead audit partner for the initial public offerings and audits of several major large-cap Chinese companies
listed in international capital markets and provided audit and advisory services to major multinational corporations
operating in China. Maggie is a member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) and a
member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants. She received a bachelor’s degree in accounting
from Capital University of Economics and Business.
Jane Fang JIANG (5&3?) joined our company in 1999 as a member of our founding team and was appointed
our chief people officer in April 2016. She is currently responsible for strategy and execution of our talent and
organizational culture development and overseeing our integrity department. Jane has held a number of senior
management roles in different departments within the company, at different times leading China TrustPass product
planning, business analysis, global operations, website operations and marketing for Alibaba.com, as well as credit
system development. Prior to her current position, she was our deputy chief people officer. Jane received a
bachelor’s degree in industry and foreign trade from the Hangzhou Institute of Electrical Engineering.
Jeff Jianfeng ZHANG (Elﬁﬁ’fé) has served as our chief technology officer since April 2016. Prior to his current
position, Jeff was president of China retail marketplaces from May 2015 to April 2016, and president of Taobao
Marketplace and the wireless business division prior to that. He joined our company in July 2004 and has held
various management positions, at different times leading Taobao Marketplace’s technology infrastructure team, the
B2C development team and Taobao Marketplace’s product technology development team from 2004 to 2011. He
served as vice president of product technology and operations of Taobao Marketplace from June 2011 to
March 2012, and vice president of website and technology of Alibaba.com’s China operations from March 2012 to
January 2013. From January 2013 to February 2014, he oversaw Juhuasuan, local services, 1688.com, and
T mall.com. Jeff studied computer science at Zhejiang University.
Zhenfei LIU (idiﬁa‘h) has been our chief risk officer since May 2015. Prior to his current position, Zhenfei
served in various management positions since he joined us in 2006. He was head of our infrastructure services
division from September 2009 to March 2016, and concurrently served as head of our security technology division
from May 2014 to May 2015. Prior to those roles, he was head of Alimama’s advertising technology team. Zhenfei
received his bachelor’s degree in computer science from University of Science and Technology Beijing and holds a
master’s degree in computer science from Peking University.
Trudy Shan DAI ($21313) joined our company in 1999 as a member of our founding team and has been our
chief customer officer since June 2014. Prior to her current position, Trudy served as senior vice president of
human resources and administration of Taobao and Alibaba.com as well as our deputy chief people officer and
154