ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
(c) Consolidation (Continued)
Unrecognized revenue-producing assets held by the VIEs include certain Internet content provision and other
licenses, domain names and trademarks. The Internet content provision and other licenses are required under
relevant PRC laws, rules and regulations for the operation of Internet businesses in the PRC, and therefore
are integral to the Company’s operations. The Internet content provision licenses require that core PRC
trademark registrations and domain names are held by the VIEs that provide the relevant services.
(d) Business combinations and noncontrolling interests
The Company accounts for its business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance
with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 805 “Business Combinations.” The cost of an acquisition is
measured as the aggregate of the acquisition date fair values of the assets transferred and liabilities incurred
by the Company to the sellers and equity instruments issued. Transaction costs directly attributable to the
acquisition are expensed as incurred. Identifiable assets and liabilities acquired or assumed are measured
separately at their fair values as of the acquisition date, irrespective of the extent of any noncontrolling
interests. The excess of (i) the total costs of acquisition, fair value of the noncontrolling interests and
acquisition date fair value of any previously held equity interest in the acquiree over (ii) the fair value of the
identifiable net assets of the acquiree is recorded as goodwill. If the cost of acquisition is less than the fair
value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired, the difference is recognized directly in the consolidated
income statements. During the measurement period, which can be up to one year from the acquisition date,
the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding
offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of
assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to the
consolidated statements of operations.
In a business combination achieved in stages, the Company re-measures the previously held equity interest in
the acquiree immediately before obtaining control at its acquisition-date fair value and the re-measurement
gain or loss, if any, is recognized in the consolidated income statements.
When there is a change in ownership interests that result in a loss of control of a subsidiary, the Company
deconsolidates the subsidiary from the date control is lost. Any retained noncontrolling investment in the
former subsidiary is measured at fair value and is included in the calculation of the gain or loss upon
deconsolidation of the subsidiary.
For the Company’s majority-owned subsidiaries and VIEs, a noncontrolling interest is recognized to reﬂect the
portion of their equity which is not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the Company. Consolidated net
income (loss) on the consolidated income statements includes the net income (loss) attributable to
noncontrolling interests and mezzanine equity holders when applicable. Net income (loss) attributable to
mezzanine equity holders is included in net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests on the
consolidated income statements, while it is excluded from the consolidated statements of changes in
shareholders’ equity. The cumulative results of operations attributable to noncontrolling interests, along with
adjustments for share-based compensation expense arising from outstanding share—based awards relating to
subsidiaries’ shares, are also recorded as noncontrolling interests in the Company’s consolidated balance
sheets. Cash ﬂows related to transactions with noncontrolling interests are presented under financing activities
in the consolidated statements of cash ﬂows.
F-18