Risks Related to our ADS
The trading price of our ADSS has been and is likely to continue to be volatile, which could result in substantial losses to
our shareholders.
The trading price of our ADSs has been and is likely to continue to be volatile and could ﬂuctuate widely in
response to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. For example, the high and low sale prices
of our ADSs in fiscal year 2016 were US$95.06 and US$57.20, respectively. In addition, the performance and
ﬂuctuation of the market prices of other companies with business operations located mainly in China that have
listed their securities in the United States may affect the volatility in the price of and trading volumes for our
ADSs. Some of these companies have experienced significant volatility, including significant price declines after
their initial public offerings. The trading performances of these PRC companies’ securities at the time of or after
their offerings may affect the overall investor sentiment towards other PRC companies listed in the United States
and consequently may impact the trading performance of our ADSs. In addition to market and industry factors,
the price and trading volume for our ADSs may be highly volatile for specific business reasons, including:
0 variations in our results of operations;
0 announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations;
0 publication of operating or industry metrics by third parties, including government statistical agencies, that
differ from expectations of industry or financial analysts;
0 changes in financial estimates by securities research analysts;
° announcements made by us or our competitors of new product and service offerings, acquisitions, strategic
relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments;
° press reports, whether or not true, about our business;
° regulatory allegations or actions or negative reports or publicity against us, regardless of their veracity or
materiality to our company;
0 changes in pricing made by us or our competitors;
0 conditions in the online retail market;
0 additions to or departures of our management;
° ﬂuctuations of exchange rates between the Renminbi and the US. dollar;
0 release or expiry of transfer restrictions on our outstanding ordinary shares or ADSs;
° sales or perceived potential sales or other disposition of existing or additional ordinary shares or ADSs or
other equity or equity-linked securities, including by our principal shareholders, directors officers and other
affiliates;
° the creation of vehicles that hold our ordinary shares, such as Yahoo’s proposed spin-off of our ordinary
shares that it holds;
° actual or perceived general economic and business conditions and trends in China and globally; and
° changes or developments in the PRC or global regulatory environment.
Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and trading price of our ADSs. In
addition, the stock market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume ﬂuctuations that are
unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies and industries. These ﬂuctuations may include a
so-called “bubble market” in which investors temporarily raise the price of the stocks of companies in certain
industries, such as the e-commerce industry, to unsustainable levels. These market ﬂuctuations may significantly
affect the trading price of our ADSs. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s
securities, shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation against that company. We have been
50