These newly issued measures impose more stringent requirements and obligations on the online trading or service
operators as well as the marketplace platform providers. For example, the marketplace platform providers are
obligated to make public and file its transaction rules with MOFCOM or its provincial counterparts, examine the
legal status of each third-party merchant selling products or services on the platform and display on a prominent
location on the web page of such merchant the information stated in the merchant’s business license or a link to
such business license, and a group buying website operator must only allow a third-party merchant with a proper
business license to sell products or services on its platform. Where the marketplace platform providers also act as
online distributors, these marketplace platform providers must make a clear distinction between their online direct
sales and sales of third-party merchant products on the marketplace platform.
Since the promulgation of the Administrative Measures for Online Trading, the SAIC has issued a number of
guidelines and implementing rules aimed at adding greater specificity to these regulations. The SAIC continues to
consider and issue guidelines and implementing rules, and we expect that there will be further development of
regulation in this industry. For example, three PRC governmental authorities (the Ministry of Finance, General
Administration of Customs and State Administration of Taxation) issued a notice on March 24, 2016 to regulate
cross-border e-commerce trading which has experienced rapid growth in recent years. The Notice on Tax Policies
of Cross-Border E-Commerce Retail Importation effective as of April 8, 2016, or the New Cross-Border
E-commerce Tax Notice, introduced the concept of the Cross-Border E-Commerce Retail Importation Goods
Inventory, or the Cross-Border E-Commerce Goods Inventory, which are to be issued and updated by the three
authorities together with other relevant authorities from time to time. Goods beyond the scope of the Cross-
Border E-commerce Goods Inventory will have no tax codes and be effectively removed from cross-border
e-commerce platforms. Two batches of the Cross-Border E-Commerce Goods Inventory have been issued on
April 6, 2016 and April 15, 2016, respectively. Cosmetics imported for the first time, nutrition supplements and
other special food products required to be registered with the State Food and Drug Administration are excluded
from the Cross-Border E-Commerce Goods Inventory and will not be able to be sold on the relevant cross-border
e-commerce platforms. However, pursuant to a transition policy issued by the General Administration of Customs,
goods which have been imported to or in transit to the bonded areas and special regulated areas of customs before
April 8, 2016 can still be sold on the cross-border e-commerce platforms no matter whether these goods are
included in the Cross-Border E-Commerce Goods Inventory or not.
Regulation of Internet Content
The PRC government has promulgated measures relating to Internet content through various ministries and
agencies, including the MIIT, the News Office of the State Council, the Ministry of Culture and the General
Administration of Press and Publication. In addition to various approval and license requirements, these measures
specifically prohibit Internet activities that result in the dissemination of any content which is found to contain
pornography, promote gambling or violence, instigate crimes, undermine public morality or the cultural traditions
of the PRC or compromise State security or secrets. ICPs must monitor and control the information posted on
their websites. If any prohibited content is found, they must remove such content immediately, keep a record of it
and report to the relevant authorities. If an ICP violates these measures, the PRC government may impose fines
and revoke any relevant business operation licenses.
87