ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
(i) Product development expenses (Continued)
The Company expenses all costs that are incurred in connection with the planning and implementation phases
of development and costs that are associated with repair or maintenance of the existing websites or the
development of software and website content. Costs incurred in the development phase are capitalized and
amortized over the estimated product life. However, since the inception of the Company, the amount of costs
qualifying for capitalization has been insignificant and as a result, all website and software development costs
have been expensed as incurred.
(i) Sales and marketing expenses
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of online and ofﬂine advertising expenses, promotion expenses,
sales commissions, staff costs and share-based compensation expense and other related incidental expenses
that are incurred directly to attract or retain consumers and merchants for the Company’s marketplaces.
The Company expenses the costs of producing advertisements at the time production occurs, and expenses the
costs of delivering advertisements in the period in which the advertising space or airtime is used. Advertising
and promotional expenses totaled RMB2,022 million, RMB4,090 million and RMB5,524 million during the
years ended March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016, respectively.
(k) Share-based compensation
Share-based awards granted to the Company’s employees are measured at fair value on grant date and share-
based compensation expense is recognized (i) immediately at the grant date if no vesting conditions are
required, or (ii) using the accelerated attribution method, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite
service period. The fair value of share options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model and the
fair value of restricted shares and restricted share units (“RSUs”) is determined with reference to the fair
value of the underlying shares. Share-based awards granted to non-employees are initially measured at fair
value on the grant date and re-measured at each reporting date through the vesting date. Such value is
recognized as expense over the respective service period, net of estimated forfeitures. Share-based
compensation expense, when recognized, is charged to the consolidated income statements with the
corresponding entry to additional paid-in capital or noncontrolling interests as disclosed in Note 2(d).
At each date of measurement, the Company reviews internal and external sources of information to assist in
the estimation of various attributes to determine the fair value of the share-based awards granted by the
Company, including but not limited to the fair value of the underlying shares, expected life, expected volatility
and expected forfeiture rates. As the Company was a private company prior to its initial public offering
(Note 4(a)), the sources utilized to determine those attributes at the date of measurement were subjective in
nature and required the Company to use judgment in applying such information to the share valuation
models. The Company was required to consider many factors and made certain assumptions during this
assessment. If any of the assumptions used to determine the fair value of the share-based awards changes
significantly, share-based compensation expense may differ materially in the future from that recorded in the
current reporting period.
(1) Other employee benefits
The Company’s subsidiaries and VIEs in the PRC participate in a government-mandated multi-employer
defined contribution plan pursuant to which certain retirement, medical and other welfare benefits are
F-23