The successful operation of our business depends upon the performance and reliability of the Internet infrastructure in
China and other countries in which we operate.
Our business depends on the performance and reliability of the Internet infrastructure in China and other
countries in which we operate. Almost all access to the Internet in China is maintained through state-owned
telecommunication operators under the administrative control and regulatory supervision of the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology of China. In addition, the national networks in China are connected to the
Internet through state-owned international gateways, which are the only channels through which a domestic user
can connect to the Internet outside of China. We may not have access to alternative networks in the event of
disruptions, failures or other problems with the Internet infrastructure in China or elsewhere. In addition, the
Internet infrastructure in the countries in which we operate may not support the demands associated with
continued growth in Internet usage.
The failure of telecommunications network operators to provide us with the requisite bandwidth could also
interfere with the speed and availability of our websites. We have no control over the costs of the services provided
by the telecommunications operators. If the prices that we pay for telecommunications and Internet services rise
significantly, our gross margins could be adversely affected. In addition, if Internet access fees or other charges to
Internet users increase, our user traffic may decrease, which in turn may significantly decrease our revenues.
Our ecosystem could be disrupted by network interruptions.
Our ecosystem depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications
systems. Substantially all of our computer hardware and our cloud computing services are currently located in
China. In addition, a large number of merchants maintain their enterprise resource planning, or ERP, and
customer relationship management, or CRM, systems on our cloud computing platform, which contains substantial
quantities of data relating to their accounts, transaction data, consumer information and other data that enables
merchants to operate and manage their businesses. Increasing media and entertainment content on our
marketplaces and website also require additional network capacity and infrastructures to process. Consumers
expect our media and entertainment content to be readily available online, and any disruptions or delay to the
delivery of content could affect the attractiveness and reputation of our media and entertainment content platform.
Although we have prepared for contingencies through redundancy measures and disaster recovery plans and also
carry business interruption insurance, these preparations and insurance coverage may not be sufficient. Despite any
precautions we may take, the occurrence of a natural disaster, such as an earthquake, ﬂood or fire, or other
unanticipated problems at our facilities or the facilities of Ant Financial Services, Cainiao Network and other
participants in our ecosystem, including power outages, system failures, telecommunications delays or failures,
construction accidents, break-ins to information technology systems or computer viruses, could result in delays or
interruptions to our platforms, loss of our, consumers’ and customers’ data and business interruption for us and
our customers. Any of these events could damage our reputation, significantly disrupt our operations and the
operations of the merchants and other participants in our ecosystem and subject us to liability, which could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
If third-party logistics service providers used by our merchants fail to provide reliable logistics services, or the logistics
data platform operated by Cainiao Network were to malfunction, suffer an outage or otherwise fail, our business and
prospects, as well as our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations, may be materially and adversely affected.
Our merchants use third-party logistics service providers to fulfill and deliver their orders. Cainiao Network
cooperates with a number of third-party logistics service providers to help merchants on our platforms fulfill orders
and deliver their products to consumers. Cainiao Network operates a logistics data platform that links our
information system and those of logistics service providers. Interruptions to or failures in these third-parties’
logistics services, or in Cainiao Network’s logistics data platform, could prevent the timely or proper delivery of
products to consumers, which would harm the reputation of our marketplaces and our ecosystem. These
interruptions may be due to events that are beyond our control or the control of Cainiao Network or these
18