and RMB228 million (US$35 million) higher/lower, respectively, of which RMB50 million and RMB56 million
(US$8 million) relating to trading securities would be recognized as income or loss during the respective period.
ITEM 12 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES
A. Debt Securities
Not applicable.
B. Warrants and Rights
Not applicable.
C. Other Securities
Not applicable.
D. American Depositary Shares
Fees Paid by Our ADS Holders
As an ADS holder, you will be required to pay the following service fees to the depositary, Citibank, NA:
Persons depositing or withdrawing
shares or ADS holders must pay: For:
Up to US$500 per 100 ADSs (or fraction thereof) . . . . 째 Issuance of ADSs upon deposit of Shares (excluding
issuances as a result of distributions of ADSs
pursuant to (i) stock dividends or other free stock
distributions, or (ii) exercise of rights to purchase
additional ADSs.
0 Delivery of ordinary shares against surrender of
ADSs.
0 Distribution of cash dividends or other cash
distributions.
0 Distribution of ADSs pursuant to (i) stock dividends
or other free stock distributions, or (ii) exercise of
rights to purchase additional ADSs.
0 Distribution of securities other than ADSs or rights
to purchase additional ADSs.
Up to US$500 per 100 ADS per calendar year . . . . . . 째 ADS services
As an ADS holder you will also be responsible to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the depositary
and certain taxes and governmental charges such as:
0 taxes (including applicable interest and penalties) and other governmental charges;
0 fees for the transfer and registration of ordinary shares charged by the registrar and transfer agent for the
ordinary shares in the Cayman Islands (i.e., upon deposit and withdrawal of ordinary shares);
째 expenses incurred for converting foreign currency into US. dollars;
0 expenses for cable, teleX and fax transmissions and for delivery of securities;
째 fees and expenses as are incurred by the depositary in connection with compliance with applicable exchange
control regulations; and
0 fees and expenses incurred in connection with the delivery or servicing of ordinary shares on deposit.
200