Circular 698/Bulletin 7, our income tax costs associated with such potential acquisitions or disposals will increase,
which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
Restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize our revenue eﬁectively.
Substantially all of our revenue is denominated in Renminbi. The Renminbi is currently convertible under the
“current account,” which includes dividends, trade and service—related foreign exchange transactions, but not under
the “capital account,” which includes foreign direct investment and loans, including loans we may secure from our
onshore subsidiaries or variable interest entities. Currently, our PRC subsidiaries, which are wholly-foreign owned
enterprises, may purchase foreign currency for settlement of “current account transactions,” including payment of
dividends to us, without the approval of SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, the
relevant PRC governmental authorities may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase foreign currencies in the
future for current account transactions. Since a significant amount of our future revenue will be denominated in
Renminbi, any existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize revenue
generated in Renminbi to fund our business activities outside of the PRC, service any debt we may incur outside of
China or pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders, including holders of our ADSs. Foreign exchange
transactions under the capital account remain subject to limitations and require approvals from, or registration
with, SAFE and other relevant PRC governmental authorities. This could affect our ability to obtain foreign
currency through debt or equity financing for our subsidiaries and the variable interest entities.
Fluctuations in exchange rates could result in foreign currency exchange losses and could materially reduce the value of
your investment.
The value of the Renminbi against the US. dollar and other currencies may ﬂuctuate and is affected by,
among other things, changes in political and economic conditions and the foreign exchange policy adopted by the
PRC government. On July 21, 2005, the PRC government changed its policy of pegging the value of the Renminbi
to the US. dollar. Following the removal of the US. dollar peg, the Renminbi appreciated more than 20% against
the US. dollar over the following three years. Between July 2008 and June 2010, this appreciation halted and the
exchange rate between the RMB and the US. dollar remained within a narrow band. In June 2010, the People’s
Bank of China increased the ﬂexibility of the exchange rate and between June 30, 2010 and December 31, 2013,
the value of the Renminbi appreciated approximately 12.0% against the US. dollar, although the value of the
Renminbi depreciated approximately 2.5% against the US. dollar in 2014. In August 2015, the People’s Bank of
China changed the way it calculates the mid-point price of Renminbi against the US. dollar, requiring the market-
makers who submit for reference rates to consider the previous day’s closing spot rate, foreign-exchange demand
and supply as well as changes in major currency rates. As a result, in 2015, the value of the Renminbi depreciated
approximately 5.8% against the US. dollar, and from December 31, 2015 through May 20, 2016, the value of the
Renminbi further depreciated approximately 1.1% against the US. dollar. It is difficult to predict how market
forces or PRC or US. government policy may impact the exchange rate between the Renminbi and the US. dollar
in the future. There remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to adopt a more ﬂexible
currency policy, which could result in greater ﬂuctuation of the Renminbi against the US. dollar. Substantially all
of our revenues and costs are denominated in Renminbi, and a significant portion of our financial assets are also
denominated in Renminbi while a significant portion of our debt is denominated in US. dollars. We are a holding
company and we rely on dividends paid by our operating subsidiaries in China for our cash needs. Any significant
revaluation of the Renminbi may materially and adversely affect our liquidity and cash ﬂows. To the extent that we
need to convert US. dollars into Renminbi for our operations, appreciation of the Renminbi against the
US. dollar would have an adverse effect on the Renminbi amount we would receive. Conversely, if we decide to
convert our Renminbi into US. dollars for the purpose of making payments for dividends on our ordinary shares
or ADSs or for other business purposes, appreciation of the US. dollar against the Renminbi would have a
negative effect on the US. dollar amount we would receive. From time to time we enter into hedging activities
with regard to exchange rate risk. We cannot assure you that such hedging activities will successfully mitigate such
risks adequately or at all, and in addition hedging activities may result in greater volatility in our results
of operations.
48