ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
4. Signiﬁcant equity transactions, restructuring transactions, mergers and acquisitions and equity investments
(Continued)
(b) Restructuring of Payment Services (Continued)
Promissory Note was payable upon the earlier of the occurrence of the Liquidity Event or December 14,
2018. The Framework Agreement was subsequently amended and pursuant to the terms of the
amendment, the Promissory Note was cancelled and the amount of the Liquidity Payment which the
Company would be entitled to receive in the event of a Liquidity Event was increased by US$500 million,
the principal amount of the cancelled Promissory Note.
(ii) Intellectual Property License and Software Technology Services Agreement
Under the terms of this agreement, the Company licenses certain intellectual property and provides
certain software technology services to Alipay in exchange for a royalty fee and software technology
services fee in an amount equal to the costs incurred by the Company in providing the software
technology services plus 49.9% of the consolidated pre-taX income of Alipay and its subsidiaries, subject
to downward adjustments upon certain dilutive equity issuances by Ant Financial Services or Alipay, but
in no case below 30.0%. If Alipay incurs a pre-taX loss, the fee that the Company would charge Alipay
would equal the costs incurred by the Company in providing the software technology services. This
agreement will terminate at the earlier of (a) the payment of the Liquidity Payment, and (b) such time
when termination may be required by applicable regulatory authorities in connection with a qualified
initial public offering by Alipay.
(iii) Commercial Agreement
Under the terms of this agreement, the Company receives payment processing services from Alipay, the
fee rate for which is subject to review and approval by the Company’s independent directors designated
by Yahoo and SoftBank on an annual basis (the “Payment Processing Fee”). This agreement has an initial
term of fifty years and shall be renewable thereafter. If the commercial agreement is required by
applicable regulatory authorities to be modified in certain circumstances, a one-time payment may be
payable to the Company by Ant Financial Services as compensation for the impact of such adjustment.
Expenses in connection with the Payment Processing Fee of RMB2,349 million, RMB3,853 million and
RMB4,898 million were recorded in cost of revenue in the consolidated income statements for the years
ended March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016, respectively (Note 23).
All closing conditions attached to the Framework Agreement and related supplemental arrangements
were fulfilled in December 2011.
Restructuring of Payment Services in 2014
The Framework Agreement and related supplemental arrangements were terminated in August 2014 upon the
restructuring of the commercial agreements with Payment Services when the Company entered into a share
and asset purchase agreement (the “2014 SAPA”) with Ant Financial Services, the other parties to the
Framework Agreement entered into in 2011, Hangzhou Junhan Equity Investment Partnership (“Junhan”) and
Hangzhou Junao Equity Investment Partnership, a PRC limited partnership the interests in which are held by
certain members of the Alibaba Partnership.
Pursuant to the 2014 SAPA, the Company sold the micro loan business and related services (the “Transferred
Business”) to Ant Financial Services for aggregate cash consideration of RMB3,219 million. In addition, the
F-37