ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
(0) Leases
Leases are classified as either capital or operating leases. Leases that transfer substantially all the benefits and
risks incidental to the ownership of assets are accounted for as if there was an acquisition of an asset and
incurrence of an obligation at the inception of the lease. All other leases are accounted for as operating leases
wherein rental payments are recognized in the consolidated income statements on a straight-line basis over the
lease terms. The Company had no capital leases for the years ended March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016.
(p) Cash and cash equivalents
The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less, when
purchased, to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents of the Company primarily represent bank
deposits, fixed deposits with maturities less than three months and investments in money market funds. As of
March 31, 2015 and 2016, the Company had certain amounts of cash held in accounts managed by Alipay in
connection with the provision of online and mobile commerce and related services for a total amount of
RMB1,443 million and RMB786 million, respectively, which have been classified as cash and cash equivalents
on the consolidated balance sheets.
(q) Short-term investments
Short-term investments consist primarily of investments in fixed deposits with maturities between three months
and one year and investments in money market funds or other investments whereby the Company has the
intention to redeem within one year. As of March 31, 2015 and 2016, the fixed deposits that were recorded as
short-term investments amounted to RMB11,462 million and RMB97 million, respectively. As of the same
dates, the Company had certain amounts of short-term investments held in accounts managed by Alipay for a
total amount of RMB1,185 million and RMB2,564 million, respectively.
(r) Loan and VAT receivables
Loan receivables consist primarily of micro loans extended to small and medium size enterprises that are
merchants on the Company’s marketplaces. VAT receivables mainly represent the advance settlement of
relevant VAT refund amounts provided by OneTouch (Note 4(g)) to its customers prior to receiving such VAT
refund from tax authorities. Such amounts are recorded at the principal or claimed refund amount less
allowance for doubtful accounts relating to micro loans and the VAT receivables, respectively, and include
accrued interest receivable as of the balance sheet date. Allowance for doubtful accounts relating to micro
loans and VAT receivables represent the Company’s best estimate of the losses inherent in the outstanding
portfolio of loans and VAT receivables. The credit periods extended by the Company to the merchants related
to the micro loans generally range from 7 to 360 days and the collection periods related to the VAT
receivables generally range from three to six months. Judgment is required to determine the allowance
amounts and whether such amounts are adequate to cover potential bad debts, and periodic reviews are
performed to ensure such amounts continue to reﬂect the best estimate of the losses inherent in the
outstanding portfolio of debts. As of March 31, 2015 and 2016, allowance for doubtful accounts relating to
VAT receivables amounted to RMB184 million and RMB699 million, respectively. The Company disposed of
certain equity interests and assets primarily relating to the micro loan business and related services and upon
the completion of the restructuring of Payment Services during the year ended March 31, 2015 (Note 4(b)),
accordingly the balances of micro loans and allowance for doubtful accounts relating to micro loans became
insignificant since then. For the years ended March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016, the charge-offs and recoveries in
F-25