We generate the majority of our revenues through online marketing services from our merchants. As these
merchants are mostly participants on our marketplaces, we do not need to rely on a large sales force for our retail
marketplaces. The majority of our sales staff is engaged in selling membership packages to registered members of
our wholesale marketplaces through telephone sales and field sales.
Corporate Social Responsibility
Since our founding, we have been highly committed to sustainable corporate responsibility projects, both
through charitable endeavors and by extending the benefits of our ecosystem to the community at large. We
believe the best approach to corporate social responsibility is through embedding elements of social responsibility
in our business model. Our achievements and initiatives in the areas of corporate social responsibility include those
described below:
Creating Job Opportunities
The breadth of our ecosystem and the range of different types of service providers needed within it create
employment opportunities. In addition to providing direct business opportunities for merchants, our ecosystem has
created new opportunities for service providers in logistics, marketing, consulting, operations outsourcing, training
and other online and mobile commerce professions. According to AliResearch, our research division, as of
December 2015, it is estimated that our China retail marketplaces contributed to the creation of over 15 million
job opportunities, including people working directly for online storefronts and service providers to merchants.
With the power of the Internet, our platforms have leveled the playing fields for businesses in many aspects
making it an inclusive place for everyone to thrive and prosper. In fiscal year 2016, approximately half of our
active sellers on our China retail marketplaces are female. We also have programs that create equal opportunities
for everyone such as cloud customer service program for people with disabilities, entrepreneur programs for
university students and Rural Taobao partnership program targeting entrepreneurs returning to their villages to
start businesses. We have also established entrepreneurial funds in Hong Kong and Taiwan to support the career
and entrepreneurial aspirations of young people locally.
Alleviating Poverty
As we expand to rural areas in China and help rural farmers reach urban consumers, we have created
opportunities for people living in poverty to elevate their income levels. For the twelve months ended March 31,
2016, merchants in over 800 state-designated poverty counties in China in aggregate generated GMV of over
RMB20 billion on our China retail marketplaces.
Internet Approach to Charity
We support and promote a number of charitable and socially responsible initiatives and programs in ways that
we believe are in alignment with our core values and our mission. Since 2010, we have earmarked 0.3% of our
annual revenue to fund efforts designed to encourage environmental awareness and conservation and other
corporate social responsibility efforts. In 2011, we established Alibaba Foundation, a private charity fund that
focuses on supporting environmental protection in China and helping the disadvantaged such as children born with
heart defects in underdeveloped areas of China.
Over RMB400 million. In fiscal year 2016, Alibaba Foundation made over RMB210 million in donations to
support various charitable causes and initiatives. We have also leveraged our platform to facilitate other charitable
organizations to raise over RMB190 million in donations.
Over 60 projects. In fiscal year 2016, Alibaba Foundation supported more than 60 charitable projects,
including those hosted by The Nature Conservancy, National Geographic Air and Water Conservation Fund,
82