Amendment of Alibaba Partnership Agreement
Pursuant to the partnership agreement, amendment of the partnership agreement requires the approval of
75% of the partners in attendance at a meeting of the partners at which not less than 75% of all the partners are
in attendance, except that the general partner may effect certain administrative amendments. In addition, certain
amendments relating to the purposes of the Alibaba Partnership or the manner in which it exercises its nomination
rights with respect to our directors require the approval of a majority of our independent directors not nominated
or appointed by the Alibaba Partnership.
Alibaba Group Equity Interest Holding Requirements for Partners
Each of the partners holds his or her equity interests in our company directly as an individual or through his
or her affiliates. We have entered into share retention agreements with each partner. These agreements provide
that a period of three years from the date on which such person becomes a partner, or for 27 of the existing
partners, from January 1, 2014, three of the existing partners, from August 26, 2014, and four of the existing
partners, from December 8, 2015, we require that each partner retain at least 60% of the equity interests
(including unvested shares and shares underlying vested and unvested awards) that he or she held on the starting
date of such three-year period. Following the initial three-year holding period and for so long as he or she remains
a partner, we require that the partner retain at least 40% of the equity interests (including unvested shares and
shares underlying vested and unvested awards) that he or she held on the starting date of the initial three-year
holding period. Exceptions to the holding period rules described in the share retention agreements must be
approved by a majority of the independent directors.
B. Compensation
Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers
For fiscal year 2016, we paid and accrued aggregate fees, salaries and benefits (excluding equity—based grants)
of up to approximately RMB435 million to our directors and executive officers as a group and granted options to
purchase an aggregate of 4,100,000 ordinary shares and 6,231,000 RSUs to our directors and executive officers.
The board, acting on the recommendation of our compensation committee, may determine the remuneration
to be paid to non-employee directors. Employee directors will not receive any additional remuneration for serving
as directors other than their remuneration as employees of us or our related entities. Pursuant to our service
agreements with our directors, neither we nor our subsidiaries provide benefits to directors upon termination of
employment. We do not separately set aside any amounts for pensions, retirement or other benefits for our
executive officers, other than pursuant to relevant statutory requirements. Management members who are partners
of the Alibaba Partnership may receive retirement payments from the deferred portion of the annual cash bonus
pool available to the Alibaba Partnership.
Mr. Chee Hwa Tung has indicated to us his intention to donate all cash compensation and equity-based
awards he receives from us as an independent director to one or more non-profit or charitable organizations to be
designated by him.
For information regarding equity-based grants to directors and executive officers, see “— Equity Incentive
Plans.”
Employment Agreements
We have entered into employment agreements with each of our executive officers. We may terminate their
employment at any time, with cause, and we are not required to provide any prior notice of such termination. We
may also terminate their employment in circumstances prescribed under and in accordance with the requirements
of applicable labor law, including notice and payment in lieu. Executive officers may terminate their employment
with us at any time upon written notice. Although our employment agreements with our executive officers do not
provide for severance pay, where severance pay is mandated by law, our executive officers will be entitled to such
161