° Brand identity. Brands use their Tmall storefronts as a platform to distinguish their own brands and build
brand proposition and awareness. They leverage the multi-media capabilities of our platforms, such as social
media, videos and dynamic graphics, to tell their unique brand story. Brand companies, such as Starbucks
and P&G, are increasingly recognizing the power of our China retail marketplaces as a top marketing
platform, where the life-time value of customers can be built to benefit their businesses both online
and ofﬂine. For example, the Starbucks T mall store is designed to enhance its brand value of building
people connections through e-gifting.
° Customer acquisition, retention and engagement. In March 2016, the various mobile apps that consumers use
to access our China retail marketplaces had 410 million mobile MAUs. Consumers come to our platform
with strong commercial intent, which drives high conversion rates and effective return on investment (ROI)
for merchants and brands. The consumer behavior data from our platform enables merchants and brands to
acquire, retain and engage their customers effectively, through targeted marketing and a personalized
user interface.
0 Eﬁ‘icient operations. In addition to customer facing storefronts and product catalogues, merchants use the
software offered on our merchant service platform to improve the operation of their planning, marketing
and sales activities, as well as our cloud computing services to lower their technology costs.
° Omni-channel opportunities. Brands and retailers that have retail outlets can leverage our omni-channel
retailing software and services, including a data standardization service for warehouse management and a
CRM exchange.
A description of the various aspects of our China commerce retail business follows.
Taobao Marketplace
Taobao means “search for treasure” in Chinese. Through the website at www.taobao.com and the Taobao App,
Taobao Marketplace is positioned as the starting point and destination portal for the shopping journey. In addition,
consumers use Taobao Marketplace as a commerce-oriented social and community platform where they can
acquire product knowledge, converse with other consumers, receive real-time updates from merchants, and use
interactive media to connect with each other and with their favorite brands and retailers.
Taobao Marketplace provides a top-level traffic funnel that directs users to the various marketplaces, channels
and features within our China retail marketplaces. For example, a search result on Taobao Marketplace display
listings not only from Taobao Marketplace merchants but also from Tmall merchants, thereby generating traffic for
T mall.
Taobao Marketplace reaches a vast consumer base, including and beyond consumers from large cities. In the
twelve months ended March 31, 2016, approximately 65% of active buyers on our China retail marketplaces were
located outside of tier 1 and tier 2 cities.
62