ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
(r) Loan and VAT receivables (Continued)
relation to the allowance for doubtful accounts relating to micro loans and VAT receivables were also
insignificant.
(s) Investment securities
The classification of investment securities is based on the Company’s intent, which is re-evaluated at each
balance sheet date, with respect to those securities. Investment securities classified as trading securities,
comprising of listed equity securities and financial derivatives such as warrants and equity swaps used as
market access products to invest in listed equity securities in the PRC, are carried at fair value with realized
or unrealized gains and losses recorded in the consolidated income statements. The securities that the
Company has positive intent and ability to hold to maturity are classified as held-to-maturity securities and
stated at amortized cost. The maturities of the held-to-maturity securities held by the Company generally
range from one to ten years. Other investment securities classified as available-for-sale are carried at fair value
with unrealized gains and losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a component
of shareholders’ equity. Realized gains and losses and provision for decline in value judged to be other than
temporary, if any, are recognized in the consolidated income statements. In computing realized gains and
losses on available-for-sale securities, the Company determines cost based on amounts paid, including direct
costs such as commissions to acquire the security, using the average cost method. Other than the above, the
Company has applied the fair value option for convertible bonds subscribed. Such fair value option permits
the irrevocable fair value option election on an instrument-by-instrument basis at initial recognition of an asset
or liability or upon an event that gives rise to a new basis of accounting for that instrument.
The convertible bonds accounted for under the fair value option is carried at fair value with realized or
unrealized gains and losses recorded in the consolidated income statements. Interest income is recognized
using the effective interest rate method which is reviewed and adjusted periodically based on changes in
estimated cash ﬂows. Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive the payment is established.
(t) Investment in equity investees
Equity investments represent the Company’s investments in privately held companies and listed securities. The
Company applies the equity method to account for an equity investment, in common stock or in-substance
common stock, according to ASC 323 “Investment — Equity Method and Joint Ventures,” over which it has
significant inﬂuence but does not own a majority equity interest or otherwise control.
An investment in in-substance common stock is an investment in an entity that has risk and reward
characteristics that are substantially similar to that entity’s common stock. The Company considers
subordination, risks and rewards of ownership and obligation to transfer value when determining whether an
investment in an entity is substantially similar to an investment in that entity’s common stock.
For other equity investments that are not considered as debt securities or equity securities that have readily
determinable fair values and over which the Company neither has significant inﬂuence nor control through
investment in common stock or in-substance common stock, the cost method is used.
Under the equity method, the Company’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the equity investee
is recognized in the consolidated income statements and its share of post-acquisition movements in
accumulated other comprehensive income is recognized in shareholders’ equity. The Company records its
F-26