On October 28, 2011, the SARFT issued the Administrative and Operational Requirements for Licensed
Internet TV Organizations, commonly known as Circular 181, which came into effect as of the same date.
Circular 181 requires that Smart T Vs must be exclusively connected to a specific licensed Internet TV organization
and must not have access to the public Internet or network operators’ databases. Up to now, there are only seven
licensed Internet TV organizations and all are state-owned companies.
On September 2, 2014, the GAPPRFT promulgated a Notice on Further Implementing the Relevant
Provisions for the Administration of Broadcasting Foreign Films and TV dramas. The notice stresses that any
foreign film or TV drama must have a License for Film Publication or a TV drama Issuance License before being
broadcast online, and that the annual total number of foreign films and TV dramas broadcast by a website must
not exceed 30% of the total amount of domestic films and TV dramas broadcast by such website in the preceding
year. Furthermore, online video operators are required to report their annual plans for the import of foreign films
and TV dramas to the GAPPRFT before the end of the preceding year. If the online video operators’ import plans
are approved, the samples, contracts, copyright certificates, plot summaries and other materials relevant to the
foreign films and TV dramas are subject to further content examination before the issuance of Licenses for Film
Publication or the TV drama Issuance Licenses. The notice also requires these online video operators to upload
information about the foreign films and TV dramas to be broadcast to a unified platform for registration before
March 31, 2015. Since April 1, 2015, unregistered foreign films and TV dramas are no longer allowed to be
broadcast online.
Regulations on Internet Publication
The GAPP is responsible for nationwide supervision and administration of publishing activities in China. On
June 27, 2002, the GAPP and the MIIT jointly promulgated the Internet Publication Tentative Administrative
Measures, or the Internet Publication Measures, which took effect on August 1, 2002. Pursuant to the Internet
Publication Measures, any entity engaged in Internet publishing activities must obtain the Internet Publication
License from the GAPP before conducting any Internet publication activities. The term “Internet publication” is
defined as Internet transmission activity by which Internet information service providers publish on the Internet or
transmit to end-users via the Internet works that they or others have created, after selection and editing, for
browsing, reading, use or downloading by the general public. The works in question primarily include content
that has already been published formally, such as books, newspapers, periodicals, audio/video products and
electronic publications, or that has been made public via other media; and (ii) edited works of literature and art or
works concerning natural science, social science, engineering or other topics.
On February 4, 2016, the GAPPRFT and the MIIT jointly promulgated the Online Publication Service
Administration Rules, or the Online Publication Rules, which took effect on March 10, 2016 and replaced the
Internet Publication Measures. Pursuant to the Online Publication Rules, an online publication service provider
must obtain the Online Publication Service License from the GAPPRFT The term “online publication service” is
defined as the provision of online publications to the public through information networks. The term “online
publications” is defined as digital works characteristic of publishing such as editing, production or processing
provided to the public through information networks, and primarily include:
0 original digital works such as texts, pictures, maps, games, cartoons and audio-visual reading materials in the
fields of literature, art, science, etc., which are of knowledge or ideology;
0 digital works, the content of which is the same as that of books, newspapers, periodicals, electronic
publication, etc., which have already been published;
0 digital works such as online document databases formed by way of selecting, compiling or collecting the
abovementioned works; and
° other types of digital works determined by the GAPPRFT
The Online Publication Rules expressly prohibit the foreign invested enterprises from providing online
publication services. In addition, if an online publication service provider intends to cooperate for an online
89