Taxation of Capital Gains
For United States federal income tax purposes, you will recognize taxable gain or loss on any sale or exchange
of ADSs or ordinary shares in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized for the ADSs or
ordinary shares and your tax basis in the ADSs or ordinary shares. Subject to the discussion under “— Passive
Foreign Investment Company” above, such gain or loss will generally be capital gain or loss. Capital gains of
individuals derived with respect to capital assets held for more than one year are eligible for reduced rates of
taxation. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. Any gain or loss recognized by you will
generally be treated as United States source gain or loss. However, if we were treated as a PRC resident enterprise
for EIT Law purposes and PRC tax were imposed on any gain, and if you are eligible for the benefits of the
Treaty, you may elect to treat such gain as PRC source gain under the Treaty. If you are not eligible for the
benefits of the Treaty or you fail to make the election to treat any gain as PRC source, then you may not be able
to use the foreign tax credit arising from any PRC tax imposed on the disposition of our ADSs or ordinary shares
unless such credit can be applied (subject to applicable limitations) against tax due on other income derived from
foreign sources. You will be eligible for the benefits of the Treaty if, for purposes of the Treaty, you are a resident
of the United States, and you meet other requirements specified in the Treaty. Because the determination of
whether you qualify for the benefits of the Treaty is fact-intensive and depends upon your particular circumstances,
you are specifically urged to consult your tax advisors regarding your eligibility for the benefits of the Treaty. You
are also urged to consult your tax advisor regarding the tax consequences in case any PRC tax is imposed on gain
on a disposition of our ADSs or ordinary shares, including the availability of the foreign tax credit and the election
to treat any gain as PRC source, under your particular circumstances.
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding
In general, information reporting will apply to dividends in respect of our ADSs or ordinary shares and the
proceeds from the sale, exchange or redemption of our ADSs or ordinary shares that are paid to you within the
United States (and in certain cases, outside the United States), unless you are an exempt recipient. A backup
withholding tax may apply to such payments if you fail to provide a taxpayer identification number or certification
of other exempt status or, in the case of dividend payments, if you fail to report in full dividend and interest
income.
Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a refund or a credit against your
United States federal income tax liability provided the required information is furnished to the Internal Revenue
Service in a timely manner.
Under the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010, certain United States Holders are required
to report information relating to ADSs or ordinary shares, subject to certain exceptions (including an exception for
ADSs or ordinary shares held in accounts maintained by certain financial institutions), by attaching a complete
Internal Revenue Service Form 8938, Statement of Specified Foreign Financial Assets, with their tax return for
each year in which they hold ADSs or ordinary shares. You are urged to consult your own tax advisors regarding
information reporting requirements relating to your ownership of the ADSs or ordinary shares.
F. Dividends and Paying Agents
Not applicable.
G. Statement by Experts
Not applicable.
197