named as a defendant in certain purported shareholder class action lawsuits described in “Item 8. Financial
Information — A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information — Legal and Administrative
Proceedings.” The litigation process may utilize a material portion of our cash resources and divert management’s
attention from the day-to-day operations of our company, all of which could harm our business. If adversely
determined, the class action suits may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations.
Substantial future sales or perceived potential sales of our ADSs, ordinary shares or other equity or equity-linked securities
in the public market could cause the price of our ADSs to decline significantly.
Sales of our ADSs, ordinary shares or other equity or equity-linked securities in the public market, or the
perception that these sales could occur, could cause the market price of our ADSs to decline significantly. As of
March 31, 2016, we had 2,473,927,859 ordinary shares outstanding, and 1,183,920,615 of our ordinary shares were
represented by ADSs. All of our ordinary shares represented by ADSs were freely transferable by persons other
than our affiliates without restriction or additional registration under the Securities Act. The ordinary shares held
by our affiliates are no longer subject to any lock-up arrangements and will be available for sale subject to volume
and other restrictions as applicable under Rules 144 and 701 under the Securities Act, under sales plans adopted
pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 or otherwise. Concurrent with the completion of our investment in Suning Commerce
Group Co., Limited, or Suning, Suning will subscribe for approximately 26.3 million of our newly issued ordinary
shares, which will be subject to lock-up arrangements.
Certain major holders of our ordinary shares will have the right to cause us to register under the Securities
Act the sale of their shares. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in ADSs
representing these shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act immediately upon
the effectiveness of the registration. Sales of these registered shares in the form of ADSs in the public market
could cause the price of our ADSs to decline significantly.
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our
business, the market price for our ADSs and trading volume could decline.
The trading market for our ADSs will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry
analysts publish about us or our business. If research analysts do not establish and maintain adequate research
coverage or if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our ADSs or publishes inaccurate or
unfavorable research about our business, the market price for our ADSs would likely decline. If one or more of
these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in
the financial markets, which, in turn, could cause the market price or trading volume for our ADSs to decline
significantly.
As a foreign private issuer; we are permitted to, and we will, rely on exemptions from certain New York Stock Exchange
corporate governance standards applicable to domestic U.S. issuers. This may aﬁord less protection to holders of our
ordinary shares and the ADSs.
We are exempted from certain corporate governance requirements of the New York Stock Exchange by virtue
of being a foreign private issuer. We are required to provide a brief description of the significant differences
between our corporate governance practices and the corporate governance practices required to be followed by
domestic US. companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The standards applicable to us are considerably
different than the standards applied to domestic U.S. issuers. For instance, we are not required to:
0 have a majority of the board be independent (although all of the members of the audit committee must be
independent under the US. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act);
0 have a compensation committee or a nominating or corporate governance committee consisting entirely of
independent directors;
° have regularly scheduled executive sessions for non-management directors; or
° have executive sessions of solely independent directors each year.
51