We may suﬁer reputational harm and the price of our ADSs may decrease significantly due to business dealings or
connections of merchants or consumers on our marketplaces with sanctioned countries or persons.
The US. government imposes broad economic and trade restrictions on certain countries and regions, or the
Sanctioned Countries, including Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria, and numerous individuals and entities,
including those designated as having engaged in activities relating to terrorism, drug trafficking, proliferation of
weapons of mass destruction or human rights violations, or the Sanctioned Persons. The United Nations, the
European Union, or the EU, the United Kingdom, or the UK, and other countries also impose economic and
trade restrictions, including on certain of the Sanctioned Countries and Sanctioned Persons. We do not have
employees or operations in the Sanctioned Countries, and, although our websites are open and available
worldwide, we do not actively solicit business from the Sanctioned Countries or Sanctioned Persons.
As a Cayman Islands company, we are generally not required to comply with US, UK, and EU sanctions to
the same extent as US, UK or EU entities. However, our US, UK, and EU subsidiaries, our employees who are
US. persons or UK or EU nationals, activities in the US, UK, or EU, activities involving U.S.-origin goods or
services, and certain Iran-related activities, may be subject to applicable sanctions requirements. In the case of
Alibaba.com, our aggregate cash revenue from members in these Sanctioned Countries in fiscal year 2016
accounted for less than 0.04% of our international wholesale commerce cash revenue. In the case of AliEXpress
and Taobao Marketplace, an insignificant percentage of orders have been placed by consumers from the
Sanctioned Counties, with an aggregate GMV settled of approximately US$102 million in the twelve months
ended March 31, 2016. As all transaction fees on AliEXpress and Taobao Marketplace are paid by merchants,
primarily based in China, we do not earn any fees or commission from consumers in Sanctioned Countries in
respect of transactions conducted on these platforms.
We cannot assure you that current or future economic and trade sanctions regulations or developments will
not have a negative impact on our business or reputation. International economic and trade sanctions are complex
and subject to frequent change, including jurisdictional reach and the lists of countries, entities, and individuals
subject to the sanctions. Hence, we may incur significant costs related to current, new, or changing sanctions
programs, as well as investigations, fines, fees or settlements, which may be difficult to predict. We also could face
increased sanctions-related compliance costs and risks as we expand globally and into additional businesses, such as
cloud computing and data hosting. In addition, our expanding network of global business partners, joint venture
partners or other parties that have collaborative relationships with us or our affiliates may engage in activities in or
with Sanctioned Countries or Sanctioned Persons, which might result in negative publicity, governmental
investigations and reputational harm. Any of the above may cause the price of our ADSs to decline significantly,
and thus materially reduce the value of your investment in our ADSs.
Certain institutional investors, including state and municipal governments in the United States and universities,
as well as financial institutions, have proposed or adopted divestment or similar initiatives regarding investments in
companies that do business with Sanctioned Countries. Accordingly, as a result of activities on our marketplaces
involving users based in the Sanctioned Countries, certain investors may not wish to invest, and certain financial
institutions may not wish to lend or extend credit and may divest their investment in, or seek early repayment of
loans to us. These divestment initiatives may negatively impact our reputation and investor sentiment with respect
to our ADSs may be materially and adversely affected.
We may be subject to liability for content available in our ecosystem that is alleged to be socially destabilizing, obscene,
defamatory, libelous or otherwise unlawful.
Under PRC law and the laws of certain other jurisdictions in which we operate, we are required to monitor
our websites and the websites hosted on our servers and mobile interfaces for items or content deemed to be
socially destabilizing, obscene, superstitious or defamatory, as well as for items, content or services that are illegal
to sell online or otherwise in other jurisdictions in which we operate our marketplaces, and promptly take
appropriate action with respect to the relevant items, content or services. We may also be subject to potential
liability in China or other jurisdictions for any unlawful actions of our customers or users of our websites or mobile
31