our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises
or other assets attributed to a PRC establishment or a place of business of a non-PRC company, or other assets
attributable to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company.”
Where the payers fail to withhold any or sufficient tax, the non-PRC residents, as the transferors, are required
to declare and pay such taxes to the tax authorities on their own within the statutory time limit. Failure to comply
with the tax payment obligations by the non-PRC residents will result in penalties, including full payment of taxes
owed, and interest on those taxes.
PRC Business Tax and Value-Added Tax
Before August 2013 and pursuant to applicable PRC tax regulations, any entity or individual conducting
business in the service industry is generally required to pay a business tax at the rate of 5% on the revenues
generated from providing such services. However, if the services provided are related to technology development
and transfer, such business tax may be exempted subject to approval by the relevant tax authorities.
In November 2011, the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation promulgated the Pilot
Plan for Imposition of Value-Added Tax to Replace Business Tax. In May and December 2013, April 2014 and
March 2016, the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation promulgated Circular 37,
Circular 106, Circular 43 and Circular 36 to further expand the scope of services which are to be subject to Value-
Added Tax, or VAT, instead of business tax. Pursuant to these tax rules, from August 1, 2013, a VAT was imposed
to replace the business tax in certain service industries, including technology services and advertising services, and
from May 1, 2016, VAT replaced business tax in all industries, on a nationwide basis. A VAT rate of 6% applies to
revenue derived from the provision of certain services. Unlike business tax, a taxpayer is allowed to offset the
qualified input VAT paid on taxable purchases against the output VAT chargeable on the revenue from services
provided. Accordingly, although the 6% VAT rate is higher than the previously applicable 5% business tax rate, no
materially different tax cost to us has resulted nor do we expect to result from the replacement of the business tax
with a VAT on our services.
PRC Import Tax
Consumer goods imported through cross-border e-commerce platforms were originally classified as “personal
baggage or postal articles” under the Notice on Pilot Bonded Area Import Pattern of Cross-Border Trade
E-Commerce Services issued by PRC General Administration of Customs on March 4, 2014. A personal baggage
or postal articles tax was levied on such goods before the online retailors could deliver the same to buyers. The
personal baggage or postal articles tax were exempted if the payable amount was lower than RMB50. The rate of
personal baggage or postal articles tax was respectively 10%, 20%, 30% and 50% for different categories of
products imported. Under this tax pattern, a quota of RMB1,000 for each purchase order was imposed on online
buyers, otherwise the imported goods were classified as normal goods, which are subject to value-added tax,
consumption tax and tariff.
The above-mentioned pilot bonded area import pattern of cross-border e-commerce was abolished pursuant to
the Notice on Tax Policies of Cross-Border E-commerce Retail Importation, effective on April 8, 2016, or the
New Cross-Border E-commerce Tax Notice. The goods imported through cross-border e-commerce platforms are
now treated as normal goods rather than “personal baggage or postal articles” and subject to the usual
value-added tax, consumption tax and tariff. Normally, a 17% value-added tax will be levied on most products sold
on the cross-border e-commerce platform and a 30% consumption tax will be levied on cosmetics and perfumes,
while no consumption tax will be levied on skin care products, maternity and baby care products. However, the
New Cross-Border E-commerce Tax Notice provides that, if the goods imported through cross-border e-commerce
platforms are within the quota of RMB2,000 for each purchase order or RMB20,000 per year for each buyer, the
payable amount for the value-added tax and the consumption tax will be reduced to 70% of the payable tax, and
the tariff will be waived.
96