transfer or exchange, merger, division or other material event. In the event that a PRC shareholder holding
interests in a special purpose vehicle fails to fulfill the required SAFE registration, the PRC subsidiaries of that
special purpose vehicle may be prohibited from making profit distributions to the offshore parent and from
carrying out subsequent cross-border foreign exchange activities, and the special purpose vehicle may be restricted
in its ability to contribute additional capital into its PRC subsidiary. Moreover, failure to comply with the various
SAFE registration requirements described above could result in liability under PRC law for evasion of foreign
exchange controls.
We have notified substantial beneficial owners of ordinary shares who we know are PRC residents of their
filing obligation, and we have periodically filed SAFE Circular 75 reports prior to the promulgation of SAFE
Circular 37 on behalf of certain employee shareholders who we know are PRC residents. However, we may not be
aware of the identities of all of our beneficial owners who are PRC residents. We do not have control over our
beneficial owners and cannot assure you that all of our PRC-resident beneficial owners will comply with SAFE
Circular 37 and subsequent implementation rules. The failure of our beneficial owners who are PRC residents to
register or amend their SAFE registrations in a timely manner pursuant to SAFE Circular 37 and subsequent
implementation rules, or the failure of future beneficial owners of our company who are PRC residents to comply
with the registration procedures set forth in SAFE Circular 37 and subsequent implementation rules, may subject
such beneficial owners or our PRC subsidiaries to fines and legal sanctions. On February 13, 2015, SAFE
promulgated a Notice on Further Simplifying and Improving Foreign Exchange Administration Policy on Direct
Investment, or SAFE Notice 13, which became effective on June 1, 2015. Pursuant to SAFE Notice 13, entities and
individuals are required to apply for foreign exchange registration of foreign direct investment and overseas direct
investment, including those required under the SAFE Circular 37, with qualified banks, instead of SAFE. The
qualified banks, under the supervision of SAFE, will directly review the applications and conduct the registration.
Furthermore, since it is unclear how those new SAFE regulations, and any future regulation concerning
offshore or cross-border transactions, will be interpreted, amended and implemented by the relevant PRC
government authorities, we cannot predict how these regulations will affect our business operations or future
strategy. Failure to register or comply with relevant requirements may also limit our ability to contribute additional
capital to our PRC subsidiaries and limit our PRC subsidiaries’ ability to distribute dividends to our company.
These risks may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Any failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding our employee equity incentive plans may subject the PRC
participants in the plans, us or our overseas subsidiaries to ﬁnes and other legal or administrative sanctions.
Pursuant to SAFE Circular 37, PRC residents who participate in share incentive plans in overseas
non-publicly-listed companies may submit applications to SAFE or its local branches for the foreign exchange
registration with respect to offshore special purpose companies. In the meantime, our directors, executive officers
and other employees who are PRC citizens or who are non-PRC residents residing in the PRC for a continuous
period of not less than one year, subject to limited exceptions, and who have been granted restricted shares, RSUs
or options by us or our overseas listed subsidiaries may follow the Notice on Issues Concerning the Foreign
Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating in Stock Incentive Plan of Overseas Publicly Listed
Company, issued by SAFE in February 2012, to apply for the foreign exchange registration. According to those
regulations, employees, directors, supervisors and other management members participating in any stock incentive
plan of an overseas publicly listed company who are PRC citizens or who are non-PRC citizens residing in China
for a continuous period of not less than one year, subject to limited exceptions, are required to register with SAFE
through a domestic qualified agent, which could be a PRC subsidiary of such overseas listed company, and
complete certain other procedures. Failure to complete the SAFE registrations may subject them to fines and legal
sanctions and may also limit the ability to make payment under the relevant equity incentive plans or receive
dividends or sales proceeds related thereto, or our ability to contribute additional capital into our wholly-foreign
owned enterprises in China and limit our wholly-foreign owned enterprises’ ability to distribute dividends to us. We
also face regulatory uncertainties under PRC law that could restrict our ability or the ability of our overseas listed
subsidiaries to adopt additional equity incentive plans for our directors and employees who are PRC citizens or
who are non-PRC residents residing in the PRC for a continuous period of not less than one year, subject to
limited exceptions.
43