ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
(g) Revenue recognition (Continued)
Membership and storefront fees
The Company earns membership revenue from wholesale sellers in respect of the sale of membership
packages and subscriptions which allow them to host premium storefronts on the Company’s wholesale
marketplaces. The Company also earns revenue from merchants who subscribe to Wangpu, the Company’s
storefront software that includes a suite of tools that assist merchants in upgrading, decorating and managing
their storefronts on retail marketplaces. These service fees are paid in advance for a specific contracted service
period. All these fees are initially deferred when received and revenue is recognized ratably over the term of
the respective service contracts as the services are provided.
Cloud computing
The Company earns revenue from cloud computing from the provision of services such as elastic computing,
database services and storage and large scale computing services, as well as web hosting and domain name
registration. Revenue is recognized at the time when the services are provided or ratably over the term of the
service contracts as appropriate.
Interest and other income
Interest income on micro loans (Note 2(r)) is recognized as other revenue using the effective interest rate
method which is reviewed and adjusted periodically based on changes in estimated cash ﬂows. The Company
disposed of certain equity interests and assets primarily relating to the micro loan business and related services
and ceased to generate interest income on micro loans upon the completion of the restructuring of Payment
Services during the year ended March 31, 2015 (Note 4(b)). Other interest income is recognized on a
time-proportion basis using the effective interest method, and is classified as “interest and investment income”
in the consolidated income statements. Other than the above, receipts of fees in respect of all other incidental
services provided by the Company, including mobile value-added services, are recognized when services are
delivered and the amounts relating to such incidental services are not material to the Company’s
total revenue.
(h) Cost of revenue
Cost of revenue consists primarily of staff costs and share-based compensation expense, payment processing
fees, expenses associated with the operation of the Company’s websites, such as bandwidth and co-location
fees, depreciation and maintenance costs for computers, servers, call centers and other equipment, traffic
acquisition costs, logistics costs and other related incidental expenses that are directly attributable to the
Company’s principal operations.
(i) Product development expenses
Product development expenses consist primarily of staff costs and share-based compensation expense and
other related incidental expenses that are directly attributable to the development, maintenance and
enhancement of the infrastructure, applications, operating systems, software, database and network for the
Company’s marketplaces, mobile products as well as transaction and service platforms. In addition, royalty fees
accrued and paid to Yahoo up to the closing of the Company’s initial public offering in September 2014 are
recorded as part of product development expenses (Note 23).
F-22