° a trust if it (1) is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and one or more
United States persons has or have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (2) has a
valid election in effect under applicable United States Treasury regulations to be treated as a
United States person.
This summary does not represent a detailed description of the United States federal income tax consequences
applicable to you if you are subject to special treatment under the United States federal income tax laws, including
if you are:
0 a dealer in securities or currencies;
0 a financial institution;
0 a regulated investment company;
0 a real estate investment trust;
0 an insurance company;
0 a tax-exempt organization;
0 a person holding our ordinary shares or ADSs as part of a hedging, integrated or conversion transaction, a
constructive sale or a straddle;
0 a trader in securities that has elected the mark-to-market method of accounting for your securities;
0 a person liable for alternative minimum tax;
° a person who owns or is deemed to own 10% or more of our voting stock;
0 a partnership or other pass-through entity for United States federal income taX purposes; or
° a person whose “functional currency” is not the United States dollar.
The discussion below is based upon the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the
Code, and regulations, rulings and judicial decisions thereunder as of the date of this annual report, and such
authorities may be replaced, revoked or modified so as to result in United States federal income tax consequences
different from those discussed below. In addition, this summary is based, in part, upon representations made by the
depositary to us and assumes that the deposit agreement, and all other related agreements, will be performed in
accordance with their terms.
If a partnership holds our ordinary shares or ADSs, the tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon
the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. If you are a partner of a partnership holding our
ordinary shares or ADSs, you should consult your tax advisors.
This summary does not contain a detailed description of all the United States federal income tax
consequences to you in light of your particular circumstances and does not address the Medicare tax on net
investment income, or the effects of any state, local or non-United States tax laws. If you are considering the
purchase, ownership or disposition of our ordinary shares or ADSs, you should consult your own tax advisors
concerning the United States federal income tax consequences to you in light of your particular situation as well as
any consequences arising under the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction.
ADSS
If you hold ADSs, for United States federal income taX purposes, you generally will be treated as the owner of
the underlying ordinary shares that are represented by such ADSs. Accordingly, deposits or withdrawals of ordinary
shares for ADSs will not be subject to United States federal income tax.
193