shares (including shares for which they have voting power) in favor of the election of the SoftBank director
nominee at each annual general shareholders meeting in which the SoftBank nominee stands for election.
Moreover, subject to certain exceptions, pursuant to the voting agreement SoftBank and Yahoo have agreed to give
Jack and Joe a proxy over, with respect to SoftBank, any portion of its shareholdings exceeding 30% of our
outstanding shares and, with respect to Yahoo, all of its shareholdings up to a maximum of 121.5 million of our
ordinary shares. These proxies will remain in effect until Jack Ma owns less than 1% of our ordinary shares on a
fully diluted basis or we materially breach the voting agreement.
This governance structure and contractual arrangement limit the ability of our shareholders to inﬂuence
corporate matters, including any matters determined at the board level. In addition, the nomination right granted
to the Alibaba Partnership will remain in place for the life of the Alibaba Partnership unless our articles of
association are amended to provide otherwise by a vote of shareholders representing at least 95% of shares that
vote at a shareholders meeting. The nomination rights of the Alibaba Partnership will remain in place
notwithstanding a change of control or merger of our company and, for so long as SoftBank and Yahoo remain
substantial shareholders, we expect the Alibaba Partnership nominees will receive a majority of votes cast at any
meeting for the election of directors and will be elected as directors. These provisions and agreements could have
the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control, and could limit the opportunity of our
shareholders to receive a premium for their ADSs, and could also materially decrease the price that some investors
are willing to pay for our ADSs. As of the date of this annual report, the parties to the voting agreement and the
partners of the Alibaba Partnership held in aggregate more than 50% of our outstanding ordinary shares (including
unvested shares and shares underlying vested and unvested awards). See “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management
and Employees — A. Directors and Senior Management — Alibaba Partnership.”
The interests of the Alibaba Partnership may conﬂict with the interests of our shareholders.
The nomination and appointment rights of the Alibaba Partnership limits the ability of our shareholders to
inﬂuence corporate matters, including any matters to be determined by our board of directors. The interests of the
Alibaba Partnership may not coincide with the interests of our shareholders, and the Alibaba Partnership or its
director nominees may make decisions with which they disagree, including decisions on important topics such as
compensation, management succession, acquisition strategy and our business and financial strategy. For example,
because the Alibaba Partnership will continue to be largely comprised of members of our management team, the
Alibaba Partnership and its director nominees, consistent with our operating philosophy, may focus on the
long-term interests of our ecosystem participants at the expense of our short-term financial results, which may
differ from the expectations and desires of shareholders unaffiliated with the Alibaba Partnership. To the extent
that the interests of the Alibaba Partnership differ from the interests of any of our shareholders, such shareholder
may be disadvantaged by any action that the Alibaba Partnership may seek to pursue.
Our articles of association contain anti-takeover provisions that could adversely affect the rights of holders of our ordinary
shares and ADSs.
Our articles of association contain certain provisions that could limit the ability of third parties to acquire
control of our company, including:
0 a provision that grants authority to our board of directors to establish from time to time one or more series
of preferred shares without action by our shareholders and to determine, with respect to any series of
preferred shares, the terms and rights of that series;
0 a provision that grants the Alibaba Partnership the right to nominate a simple majority of our board of
directors notwithstanding a change of control or merger of our company; and
0 a classified board with staggered terms that will prevent the replacement of a majority of directors at
one time.
34