Fair Value Determination Related to Financial Instruments Accounted for at Fair Value
We have a significant amount of investments and liabilities that are classified as Level 2 and Level 3 according
to ASC 820 “Fair Value Measurement.” The valuations for the investments and liabilities classified as Level 2
relating to financial derivatives, interest rate swaps and forward exchange contracts are provided by independent
third parties such as the custodian banks. The valuation for the investments and liabilities classified as Level 3
relating to convertible bonds accounted for under the fair value option, contingent consideration and put liability
in relation to investments and acquisitions are determined based on unobservable inputs, such as historical
financial results and assumptions about future growth rates, which require significant judgment to determine the
future outcome of such contingencies.
Impairment Assessment on Goodwill and Intangible Assets
We test annually, or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of assets exceeds the
recoverable amounts, whether goodwill and intangible assets have suffered any impairment in accordance with the
accounting policy stated in note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
annual report. For the impairment assessment on goodwill, we have elected to perform a qualitative assessment to
determine whether the two-step impairment testing of goodwill is necessary. In this assessment, we consider
primary factors such as industry and market considerations, overall financial performance of the reporting unit, and
other specific information related to the operations. Based on the qualitative assessment, if it is more likely than
not that the fair value of each reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test
is performed.
For the quantitative assessment of goodwill impairment, we identify the reporting units and compare the fair
value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair value of each reporting unit
exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered to be impaired and the second step will not be required.
If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step compares the implied fair
value of goodwill to the carrying value of a reporting unit’s goodwill. For intangible assets, we perform an
impairment assessment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may
not be recoverable. These assessments primarily use cash ﬂow projections based on financial forecasts prepared by
management and an estimated terminal value. The expected growth in revenues and operating margin, timing of
future capital expenditures, an estimate of weighted average cost of capital and terminal growth rate are based on
actual and prior year performance and market development expectations. The periods of the financial forecasts
generally range from three to five years or a longer period if necessary. Judgment is required to determine key
assumptions adopted in the cash ﬂow projections and changes to key assumptions can significantly affect these cash
ﬂow projections and the results of the impairment tests.
Impairment of Investments in Equity Investees
We continually review our investments in equity investees to determine whether a decline in fair value below
the carrying value is other than temporary. The primary factors that we consider include the length of time that
the fair value of the investment is below its carrying value; post-balance sheet date fair value of the investment; the
financial condition, operating performance, strategic collaboration with and the prospects of the investee; the
economic or technological environment in which the investee operates; and other entity specific information such
as recent financing rounds completed by the investee companies. Fair value of the listed securities is subject to
volatility and may be materially affected by market ﬂuctuations. Judgment is required to determine the weighting
and impact of the aforementioned factors and changes to such determination can significantly affect the results of
the impairment tests.
Depreciation and Amortization
The costs of property and equipment and intangible assets are charged ratably as depreciation and
amortization expenses, respectively, over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets using the straight-line
146