We may face challenges in expanding our international and cross-border operations.
As we plan to continue expanding our operations into existing and other markets, we will face risks associated
with expanding into markets in which we have limited or no experience and in which our company may be less
well-known. We may be unable to attract a sufficient number of customers and other participants, fail to anticipate
competitive conditions or face difficulties in operating effectively in these new markets. The expansion of our
international and cross-border business will also expose us to risks inherent in transacting business globally,
including:
0 inability to recruit international talent and challenges in replicating or adapting our company policies and
procedures to operating environments different than that of China;
0 lack of acceptance of our service offerings;
0 challenges and increased expenses associated with staffing and managing international and cross-border
operations and managing an organization spread over various jurisdictions;
° trade barriers such as import and export restrictions, high custom duties and other taxes, competition law
regimes and other trade restrictions;
0 differing and potentially adverse tax consequences;
0 increased and conﬂicting regulatory compliance requirements;
0 challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences;
° increased costs to protect intellectual property and personal data security;
0 availability and reliability of international and cross-border payment systems;
° exchange rate ﬂuctuations; and
0 political instability and general economic or political conditions in particular countries or regions.
As we expand further into new regions and markets, these risks could intensify. One or more of these factors could
adversely impact our international and cross-border operations. Accordingly, any efforts we make to expand our
international and cross-border operations may not be successful. Failure to expand our international and cross—
border operations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Transactions conducted through our international and cross-border marketplaces may be subject to different
customs, taxes and import/export rules and regulations. For example, the Notice on Tax Policies of Cross-Border
E-Commerce Retail Importation effective as of April 8, 2016, or the New Cross-Border E-commerce Tax Notice,
replaced the previous system for taxing imported consumer goods into the PRC and introduced a 17% VAT on
most products sold through e-commerce platforms and a 30% consumption tax on cosmetics and perfumes, but no
consumption taxes on skin care products, maternity and baby care products, in the event that the prescribed quotas
are exceeded. See “Item 4. Information on the Company — B. Business Overview — Regulation — Tax
Regulations.” The change of regulation pattern regarding the import tax on consumer goods imported through
cross-border e-commerce platforms, as well as limitation on the import categories, may substantially increase
import tax imposed on buyers and thus raise the price of goods sold on our cross-border platforms, which may
impair our competitive advantage and could adversely affect the growth of our cross-border e-commerce operation,
our financial condition and results of operations.
These customs and import/export rules and regulations are complex, and customs and tax authorities in the
relevant jurisdictions may challenge our interpretation of applicable customs and import/export rules relating to
product shipments under their respective customs and import/export laws and treaties. In addition, we will also
face the challenge of complying concurrently with the compliance rules and regulations of multiple jurisdictions,
27