° Taobao Services Platform. We offer Taobao Services Platform where qualified retail operation partners and
ISVs offer product planning, supply chain management and fulfillment services to merchants. In addition,
merchants can find service providers in marketing, fashion modeling and photography, as well as third-party
software tools for storefront and customer relations management on the platform.
° Financing. Through Ant Financial Services, merchants doing business on our platforms have access to credit
financing. Ant Financial Services designs credit products and evaluates and monitors the credit risks of
merchants through its proprietary model based on real—time data from sales transactions, customer
feedbacks, customer service indicators and other factors. The availability of high-value commerce data
unique to our China retail marketplaces enables Ant Financial Services to provide tailored financing services
that we believe are unmatched by other Internet peers.
Wholesale Commerce in China
1 688.com China domestic wholesale marketplace
1688.com is our online wholesale marketplace that connects buyers and sellers in China who trade in general
merchandise, apparel, electronics, raw materials, industrial components, and agricultural and chemical products,
among others. A significant number of merchants on our retail marketplaces source their inventory on 1688.com.
Listing items on 1688.com is free. Sellers may purchase a China TrustPass membership for an annual subscription
fee to host premium storefronts with access to data-analytics applications and upgraded storefront management
tools. Paying members may also pay for additional services, such as premium data analytics and online marketing
services. As of March 31, 2016, 1688.com had over 930,000 paying members.
International and Cross-border Commerce
AliExpress
AliExpress is a global marketplace targeting consumers from around the world to buy directly from
manufacturers and distributors in China. In addition to the global English-language site, AliExpress operates
fifteen local language sites, including Russian, Spanish and French. Consumers can access the marketplace through
its websites or the AliExpress App. Top consumer markets where AliExpress is popular are Russia, the
United States, Spain, Brazil, France and the United Kingdom.
Merchants on AliExpress pay a transaction commission, which is typically 5% of transaction value. We also
generate revenue on AliExpress from merchants who participate in the third-party marketing affiliate program and
those who purchase P4P marketing services. In the twelve months ended March 31, 2016, AliExpress generated
US$84 billion in GMV, US$54 billion of which was settled through Alipay.
Tmall Global
Through Tmall Global, an extension of Tmall, we address the increasing Chinese consumer demand for
international products and brands. Tmall Global is the premier platform for overseas brands and retailers to reach
Chinese consumers and build brand awareness in China without the need for physical operations in China. Tmall
Global also enables brands to cater to niche demands, reduce time to market to test new products with consumers,
and gain valuable consumer insights in forming their overall China strategy. For example, Costco, Macy’s, Chemist
Warehouse, LG Household & Health Care and Matsumoto Kiyoshi have storefronts on Tmall Global.
Alibaba.com global trade marketplace
Alibaba.com is a leading English language wholesale marketplace for global trade. Sellers on Alibaba.com may
pay for an annual Gold Supplier membership to host a premium storefront with product listings on the
marketplace. Sellers may also purchase an upgraded membership package to receive value-added services such as
upgraded storefront management tools and P4P marketing services. Buyers on Alibaba.com are located in over
71