revenue sharing basis; expenses associated with the operation of our websites, such as bandwidth and co-location
fees, and depreciation and maintenance expenses for our computers, servers, call centers and other equipment;
salary, bonuses, benefits and share-based compensation expense relating to customer service and web operation
personnel and payment processing consultants; logistics costs relating to fulfillment services provided to us by our
affiliate Cainiao Network, primarily related to Tmall Supermarket; rebates and subsidies mainly relating to our new
business initiatives; business taxes and related surcharges; and allowance for doubtful accounts in relation to the
micro loans and VAT receivables.
Product Development Expenses
Product development expenses primarily include salaries, bonuses, benefits and share-based compensation
expense for our employees engaged in the development, maintenance and enhancement of the infrastructure,
applications, operating systems, software, databases and networks for our marketplaces, mobile products and
service platforms. In addition, product development expenses include royalty fees paid to Yahoo pursuant to the
Yahoo TIPLA. This royalty fee arrangement was terminated upon completion of our initial public offering in
September 2014. We expense all of our product development costs as they are incurred.
Sales and Marketing Expenses
Sales and marketing expenses primarily consist of online and ofﬂine advertising expenses, promotion expenses,
sales commissions paid for membership acquisition for our wholesale marketplaces, and salaries, bonuses, benefits
and share-based compensation expense for our employees engaged in sales and marketing functions.
General and Administrative Expenses
General and administrative expenses consist mainly of salaries, bonuses, benefits and share-based
compensation expense for our management and administrative employees, professional services fees, office
facilities, other support overhead costs and charitable contributions. In fiscal year 2014, these expenses included an
equity-settled donation expense of RMB1,269 million relating to the grant of options to purchase 50,000,000 of our
ordinary shares to a non-profit organization designated by Jack Ma and Joe Tsai. As there are no vesting
conditions attached to the above share options, equity-settled donation expense of RMB1,269 million was
recognized in full. See note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for the years ended March 31, 2014, 2015
and 2016 included elsewhere in this annual report for further information on this expense.
Interest and Investment Income, Net
Interest and investment income, net consists of interest income, investment gain or loss related to our treasury
management activities and gain or loss on deemed disposals, disposals and revaluation of our long term equity
investments. Our interest and investment income, net became more significant in fiscal year 2015 as a result of a
net gain of RMB6,535 million recognized with respect to the revaluation of previously held equity interests,
relating primarily to the step acquisitions of UCWeb, OneTouch and AutoNavi. In fiscal year 2016, we also
recognized a deemed disposal gain of RMB24,734 million (US$3,836 million) arising from the deconsolidation of
Alibaba Pictures and a gain of RMB18,603 million (US$2,885 million) from the revaluation of our previously held
equity interest in Alibaba Health.
Interest Expense
Our interest expense is comprised of interest payments and amortization of upfront fees and incidental
charges associated with our bank borrowings and unsecured senior notes issued in November 2014 to refinance our
previous syndicated loan arrangements. In addition, we obtained a US$30 billion revolving credit facility in
August 2014 and a five-year term loan facility of US$30 billion in March 2016, which has been subsequently
upsized to US$40 billion, both of which we have not yet drawn as of March 31, 2016.
113