Failure to deal eﬁectively with any fraud perpetrated and ﬁctitious transactions conducted on our marketplaces and other
sources of customer dissatisfaction would harm our business.
We face risks with respect to fraudulent activities on our marketplaces and periodically receive complaints
from consumers who may not have received the goods that they had purchased, as well as complaints from
merchants who have not received payment for the goods that a consumer had contracted to purchase. Although we
have implemented various measures to detect and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent activities on our
marketplaces, there can be no assurance that such measures will be effective in combating fraudulent transactions
or improving overall satisfaction among our merchants, consumers and other participants. Additional measures that
we take to address fraud could also negatively affect the attractiveness of our marketplaces to consumers or
merchants. In addition, merchants on our marketplaces contribute to a fund to provide consumer protection
guarantees. If our merchants do not perform their obligations under these programs, then we may use funds that
have been deposited by merchants in a consumer protection fund to compensate consumers. If the amounts in the
fund are not sufficient, we may choose to compensate consumers for such losses although we are not legally
obligated to do so. Although we have recourse against our merchants for any amounts we incur, there is no
assurance that we would be able to collect from our merchants.
In addition to fraudulent transactions with legitimate consumers, merchants may also engage in fictitious or
“phantom” transactions with themselves or collaborators in order to artificially inﬂate their own ratings on our
marketplaces, reputation and search results rankings, an activity sometimes referred to as “brushing”. This activity
may harm other merchants by enabling the perpetrating merchant to be favored over legitimate merchants, and
may harm consumers by deceiving them into believing that a merchant is more reliable or trusted than the
merchant actually is.
Moreover, illegal, fraudulent or collusive activities by our employees could also subject us to liability or
negative publicity. In the past, we have discovered cases in which certain of our employees had accepted payments
from merchants or other service providers in order to receive preferential treatment on our marketplaces.
Although we dismiss the employees responsible for any such incidents and have implemented internal controls and
policies with regard to the review and approval of merchant accounts, sales activities and other relevant matters,
we cannot assure you that such controls and policies will prevent fraud or illegal activity by our employees or that
similar incidents will not occur in the future. Any such illegal, fraudulent or collusive activity could severely
damage our brand and reputation as an operator of trusted marketplaces, which could drive users and consumers
away from our marketplaces, and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations.
In January 2015, the SAIC discussed alleged fraudulent and fictitious transactions on our China retail
marketplaces in its self-described “white paper.” Although the SAIC withdrew the so-called “white paper” the
same day it was released and later clarified that the document carried no legal force, the negative publicity and
user sentiment generated as a result of this document or other allegations of fraudulent or deceptive conduct on
our platforms could severely diminish consumer confidence in and use of our services, reduce our ability to attract
new or retain current merchants, consumers and other participants, damage our reputation, result in shareholder
or other litigation and diminish the value of our brand names, and materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations.
We may increasingly become a target for public scrutiny, including complaints to regulatory agencies, negative media
coverage, including social media and malicious reports, all of which could severely damage our reputation and materially
and adversely aﬁect our business and prospects.
We process an extremely large number of transactions on a daily basis on our marketplaces, and the high
volume of transactions taking place on our marketplaces and publicity about our business creates the possibility of
heightened attention from the public, regulators, the media and our participants. Heightened regulatory and public
concern over consumer protection and consumer safety issues may subject us to additional legal and social
23