Cooperation Agreement
We and Ant Financial Services entered into a SME loan cooperation framework agreement dated August 12,
2014, pursuant to which each party agreed to cooperate with, and provide certain services with respect to, the
other party’s enforcement of certain rights of such other party against users of its platforms and services and with
respect to the provision of certain financial services to our customers and merchants. In particular, we agreed,
upon request, to close down or suspend online storefronts and restrict marketing activities on our platforms of
persons defaulting on loans made by Ant Financial Services and persons in violation of Alipay rules and
regulations, and to publish notices on our platforms and provide information regarding such persons, in each case
in a manner to be further agreed from time to time. Ant Financial Services agreed, upon request, to make loans
and/or extensions of credit and related financial services available to our users, freeze and pay over to us funds in
accounts of users violating our rules and regulations or agreements with us, accelerate loans and terminate credit
facilities of such users, restrict marketing activities on its platforms by such users, and provide information
regarding such users, in each case in a manner to be further agreed from time to time. Neither party is required to
pay any fees in consideration for the services provided by the other party, and apart from the provision of these
services, there will be no other exchange of value in connection with this agreement. The cooperation agreement
has an initial term of five years, with automatic renewals upon expiry for additional five year periods. From time to
time, we expect to enter into similar commercial arrangements with respect to cooperation matters and the
provision of services between us and Ant Financial Services and to our respective customers.
Trademark Agreement
We and Ant Financial Services entered into a trademark agreement dated August 12, 2014, pursuant to which
we granted Ant Financial Services a non-transferable, non-assignable and non-sublicensable (except to its
subsidiaries) license for it and its sublicensed subsidiaries to continue to use certain trademarks and domain names
based on trademarks owned by us, in connection with their payment services business and the SME loan business
transferred by us to them, and in the same manner of such uses as of August 12, 2014, and a non-transferable,
non-assignable and non-sublicensable (except to its subsidiaries) license to use such other trademarks and domain
names based on trademarks owned by us, and in such manner, as we may agree to allow in the future. Pursuant to
the trademark agreement, each of the parties further agreed to the rights and limitations that each would have to
use the “Ali” name or prefix and the “ecommerce” (and its Chinese equivalent) name, prefix or logo as part of a
trademark or domain name in each party’s and its subsidiaries’ respective businesses. Neither party is required to
pay any fees under this agreement, and apart from the licenses and rights set forth in the agreement, there will be
no other exchange of value in connection with this agreement.
Shared Services Agreement with Ant Financial Services
We and Ant Financial Services have entered into a shared services agreement, which was amended and
restated as of August 12, 2014, in connection with the 2014 SAPA, pursuant to which we and Ant Financial
Services provide certain administrative and support services to each other and our respective affiliates.
Ant Financial Services paid us RMB46 million, RMB158 million and RMB670 million (US$104 million) in
fiscal years 2014, 2015 and 2016, respectively, for the services we provided to it under the agreement. We paid Ant
Financial Services nil, RMB58 million and RMB56 million (US$9 million) in fiscal years 2014, 2015 and 2016,
respectively, for services Ant Financial Services provided to us under the agreement.
Other Commercial Arrangements with Ant Financial Services
We have also entered into other commercial arrangements with Ant Financial Services, its subsidiaries and
affiliates, such as online marketing services, treasury management and other services. In fiscal years 2014, 2015 and
2016, the amounts generated and receivable from Ant Financial Services under these arrangements were nil, nil
and RMB416 million (US$65 million), respectively. During the same periods, the amounts incurred and payable by
us to Ant Financial Services under these arrangements were RMB21 million, RMB248 million and
RMB243 million (US$38 million), respectively.
181