ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
25. Commitments (Continued)
(d) Investment commitments
The Company was obligated to pay up to RMB5,364 million and RMB65,597 million for the acquisition of
investment securities and equity investees under various arrangements as of March 31, 2015 and 2016,
respectively. The commitment balance as of March 31, 2016 primarily includes the considerations for the
acquisitions of Youku Tudou (Note 4(t)) and Suning (Note 4(aa)).
(e) Commitments for licenses and copyrights
The Company has entered into non-cancellable licensing agreements with third-party vendors to acquire
certain licenses and copyrights for mobile media and entertainment business. The future aggregate minimum
payments under non-cancellable licensing agreements are as follows:
As of
March 31,
2015 2016
(in millions of
RMB)
No later than 1 year 280 885
Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years 2 2,885
Total 282 3,770
26. Risks and contingencies
(a) The Company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands and considered as a foreign entity under PRC laws.
Due to the restrictions on foreign investment and ownership on the business related to Internet content
provision, telecom value-added services, financial services and others, the Company conducts its business
through various contractual arrangements with VIEs that are generally owned and controlled by certain
management members or founders of the Company. The VIEs hold the licenses and approvals that are
essential for their business operations in the PRC and the Company has entered into various agreements
with the VIEs and their equity holders such that the Company has the right to benefit from their licenses
and approvals and generally has control of the VIEs. In the Company’s opinion, the current ownership
structure and the contractual arrangements with the VIEs and their equity holders as well as the
operations of the VIEs are in substantial compliance with all existing PRC laws, rules and regulations.
However, there may be changes and other developments in PRC laws, rules and regulations. Accordingly,
the Company gives no assurance that PRC government authorities will not take a view in the future that
is contrary to the opinion of the Company. If the current ownership structure of the Company and its
contractual arrangements with the VIEs and their equity holders were found to be in violation of any
existing or future PRC laws or regulations, the Company’s ability to conduct its business could be
impacted and the Company may be required to restructure its ownership structure and operations in the
PRC to comply with the changes in the PRC laws which may result in deconsolidation of the VIEs.
(b) The PRC market in which the Company operates poses certain macro-economic and regulatory risks and
uncertainties. These uncertainties extend to the ability of the Company to operate or invest in online and
mobile commerce or other Internet related businesses, representing the principal services provided by the
Company, in the PRC. The information and technology industries are highly regulated. Restrictions are
currently in place or are unclear regarding what specific segments of these industries foreign owned
F-85