years or your holding period for the ADSs or ordinary shares will be treated as excess distributions. Under these
special tax rules:
° the excess distribution or gain will be allocated ratably over your holding period for the ADSs or ordinary
shares;
° the amount allocated to the current taxable year, and any taxable year prior to the first taxable year in
which we were a PFIC, will be treated as ordinary income; and
° the amount allocated to each other year will be subject to tax at the highest tax rate in effect for that year
and the interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will be imposed on the resulting tax
attributable to each such year.
In addition, non-corporate United States Holders will not be eligible for reduced rates of taxation on any
dividends received from us if we are a PFIC in the taxable year in which such dividends are paid or in the
preceding taxable year. You will generally be required to file Internal Revenue Service Form 8621 if you hold our
ADSs or ordinary shares in any year in which we are classified as a PFIC.
If we were a PFIC for any taxable year during which you hold our ADSs or ordinary shares and any of our
non-United States subsidiaries was also a PFIC, a United States Holder would be treated as owning a
proportionate amount (by value) of the shares of the lower-tier PFIC for purposes of the application of these
rules. You are urged to consult your tax advisors about the application of the PFIC rules to any of our subsidiaries.
In certain circumstances, in lieu of being subject to the excess distribution rules discussed above, you may
make an election to include gain on the stock of a PFIC as ordinary income under a mark-to-market method,
provided that such stock is regularly traded on a qualified exchange. Under current law, the mark-to-market
election may be available to United States Holders of ADSs if the ADSs are listed on the New York Stock
Exchange, which constitutes a qualified exchange, and are “regularly traded” for purposes of the mark-to—market
election (for which no assurance can be given). It should also be noted that it is intended that only the ADSs and
not the ordinary shares will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Consequently, if you are a United States
Holder of ordinary shares that are not represented by ADSs, you generally will not be eligible to make a
mark-to-market election if we are or were to become a PFIC.
If you make an effective mark-to-market election, you will include in each year that we are a PFIC as ordinary
income the excess of the fair market value of your ADSs at the end of the year over your adjusted tax basis in the
ADSs. You will be entitled to deduct as an ordinary loss in each such year the excess of your adjusted tax basis in
the ADSs over their fair market value at the end of the year, but only to the extent of the net amount previously
included in income as a result of the mark-to—market election. If you make an effective mark-to-market election, in
each year that we are a PFIC any gain you recognize upon the sale or other disposition of your ADSs will be
treated as ordinary income and any loss will be treated as ordinary loss, but only to the extent of the net amount
previously included in income as a result of the mark-to-market election.
Your adjusted tax basis in the ADSs will be increased by the amount of any income inclusion and decreased
by the amount of any deductions under the mark-to-market rules. If you make a mark-to-market election it will be
effective for the taxable year for which the election is made and all subsequent taxable years unless the ADSs are
no longer regularly traded on a qualified exchange or the Internal Revenue Service consents to the revocation of
the election. You are urged to consult your tax advisor about the availability of the mark-to-market election, and
whether making the election would be advisable in your particular circumstances.
Alternatively, you can sometimes avoid the rules described above by electing to treat a PFIC as a “qualified
electing fund” under Section 1295 of the Code. However, this option is not available to you because we do not
intend to comply with the requirements necessary to permit you to make this election.
You are urged to consult your tax advisors concerning the United States federal income tax consequences of
holding ADSs or ordinary shares if we are considered a PFIC in any taxable year.
196