ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
4. Signiﬁcant equity transactions, restructuring transactions, mergers and acquisitions and equity investments
(Continued)
(b) Restructuring of Payment Services (Continued)
As part of the restructuring, the loan extended for the funding of paid-in capital of Zhejiang Ant Small and
Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ltd. (“Ant Financial Services”) that held the equity interests of Alipay
was repaid by the management members in full to the Company. Certain agreements entered into between the
Company and Ant Financial Services, such as the loan agreement, the pledge agreement for the same equity
interests held by certain management members of the Company, the option agreement to acquire the equity
interests in Ant Financial Services when permitted by the PRC laws, among others (the “Agreements”), which
allowed the Company to control Ant Financial Services, were also terminated.
Following the restructuring during the year ended March 31, 2011, the Company has not consolidated or
equity accounted for the entities engaging in Payment Services because the Company has no direct and
indirect investment in and does not control or have significant inﬂuence over Ant Financial Services, Alipay
and their subsidiaries.
During the year ended March 31, 2012, the Company entered into the following commercial arrangements,
among others, with APN Ltd., a company owned by two directors of the Company, Yahoo, SoftBank, Alipay,
Ant Financial Services, and Ant Financial Services’ equity holders, setting out the mechanism for the future
collaboration among the relevant parties relating to the Payment Services:
(i) Framework Agreement
Pursuant to the terms of the Framework Agreement, the Company will receive from Ant Financial
Services an amount equal to 37.5% of the equity value of Alipay less US$500 million
(RMB3,100 million), being the face value of the Promissory Note payable, upon a Liquidity Event as
defined in this agreement (the “Liquidity Payment”). Under no circumstances will the amount of the
Liquidity Payment plus US$500 million be less than US$20 billion (RMB12.4 billion) or more than
US$60 billion (RMB37.2 billion), subject to certain increases and additional payments if a Liquidity
Event does not occur by the sixth anniversary of the agreement. If a Liquidity Event does not occur by
the tenth anniversary of this agreement, the Company will have a right to demand Ant Financial Services
and Alipay to effect a Liquidity Event as soon as practicable, provided that the equity value or enterprise
value of Alipay at such time exceeds US$10 billion (RMB6.2 billion). If the Liquidity Event is demanded
by the Company, the minimum amount of US$20 billion (RMB12.4 billion) described above will not
apply to the Liquidity Payment, unless the Liquidity Event is effected by means of a transfer of more than
37.5% of the securities of Alipay. Upon payment of the Liquidity Payment, certain assets and intellectual
property related to the operations of Payment Services, which were retained by the Company
(the “Retained Business Assets”), will be transferred to Alipay.
“Liquidity Event” means the earliest to occur of: (a) a qualified initial public offering of Alipay; (b) a
transfer of 37.5% or more of the securities of Alipay; or (c) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets
of Alipay.
In addition, the Company received a non-interest bearing promissory note (the “Promissory Note”) in the
principal amount of US$500 million (RMB3,100 million) with a seven-year maturity from APN Ltd. The
Promissory Note was secured by a pledge of 50 million ordinary shares of the Company, which were
contributed by two directors of the Company to APN Ltd. The Promissory Note formed part of the
consideration for the transfer of the Retained Business Assets upon the Liquidity Event and the
F-36