the relevant merchant’s product listings at the bottom in search ranking results, closing down storefronts and
permanently banning the merchant from opening any accounts on our platforms.
Consumer Protection
We believe every consumer has the right to safety and protection from false and misleading claims. We
encourage our merchants to make product quality a priority and have set up various programs to this end. In
addition, all Tmall merchants are required to contribute to and maintain a consumer protection fund for the
benefit of consumers. Consumer protection fund deposit requirements vary by product category and typically range
from RMB50,000 to RMB150,000 per storefront. For Tmall Global merchants, the consumer protection fund
deposit requirement is typically RMB150,000 for standard storefronts. The majority of Taobao Marketplace
merchants maintain individual consumer protection funds whose minimum amounts range from RMB1,000 to
RMB10,000. All Tmall and Taobao Marketplace merchants are required to sign agreements with us authorizing us
to make deductions from their Alipay accounts in the event of confirmed consumer claims. Many merchants on
both Tmall and Taobao Marketplace fulfill more than our basic requirements to demonstrate their confidence in
the quality of their services and products. They provide a larger deposit than required and make additional service
commitments, such as expedited shipment, free maintenance for electronics and installation services for furniture
purchases. We incentivize merchants to set up customer protection funds by programming our search results to
prioritize the rankings of product listings for merchants who have established these funds. In addition, the
consumer protection fund amounts are displayed on the merchant’s information page. As of March 31, 2016,
consumer protection funds deposited in the Alipay accounts of merchants on our China retail marketplaces in
aggregate totaled over RMB17 billion. If the amount in a merchant’s consumer protection fund is insufficient, we
may still choose to compensate consumers ourself for any losses, although we are not legally obligated to do so.
Our Technology
Technology is key to our success in achieving efficiency for our business, improving the user experience, and
enabling innovation. As of March 31, 2016, we employed a team of over 18,000 research and development
personnel engaged in building our technology platform and developing new online and mobile products. Key
components of our technology include those described below:
Cloud Computing
Our cloud computing platform, called Apsara, is a general purpose distributed computing platform built with
proprietary technology that enable server clusters to perform with enhanced computing power. Apsara offers a
suite of cloud services including elastic computing, database storage and services, and large-scale data processing
services through web-based API.
Content Delivery Network
The technology underlying AliCDN, our content delivery network, accelerates the loading of product
photographs on web pages delivered to users and offers them a fast and smooth experience.
Data Science
Our data science technology serves various types of data-intensive computational needs, including deep
learning, high-volume batch processing and multi-variable and multi-dimensional real-time analytics. The data
mining and transaction, payment and behavioral data science capabilities are used extensively in numerous
applications such as search and online marketing on our marketplaces.
80