ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
3. Recent accounting pronouncements (Continued)
the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure for financial instruments. With respect to the
Company’s consolidated financial statements, the most significant impact relates to the accounting for equity
investments. It will impact the disclosure and presentation of financial assets and liabilities. The new guidance
is effective for the Company for the year ending March 31, 2019 and interim reporting periods during the year
ending March 31, 2019. Early adoption is permitted only for certain provisions. The Company is evaluating the
effects, if any, of the adoption of this revised guidance on the Company’s financial position, results of
operations or cash ﬂows.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 “Leases” to increase transparency and comparability among
organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet and disclosing
key information about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 creates a new ASC 842 “Leases” to replace the
previous ASC 840 “Leases.” ASU 2016-02 affects both lessees and lessors, although for the latter the
provisions are similar to the previous model, but updated to align with certain changes to the lessee model
and also the new revenue recognition provisions contained in ASU 2014-09. The new guidance is effective for
the Company for the year ending March 31, 2020 and interim reporting periods during the year ending
March 31, 2020. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the effects, if any, of the adoption of
this revised guidance on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-05 “Derivatives and Hedging: Effect of Derivative Contract
Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships,” which clarifies that a change in the counterparty to a
derivative instrument that has been designated as the hedging instrument under ASC 815 “Derivatives and
hedging,” does not, in and of itself, require designation of that hedging relationship provided that all other
hedge accounting criteria continue to be met. The new guidance is effective for the Company for the year
ending March 31, 2018 and interim reporting periods during the year ending March 31, 2018. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company is evaluating the effects, if any, of the adoption of this revised guidance on the
Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-06 “Derivatives and Hedging: Contingent Put and Call Options in
Debt Instruments” to clarify the requirements for assessing whether contingent call (put) options that can
accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. An
entity performing the assessment under the amendments is required to assess the embedded call (put) options
solely in accordance with the four-step decision sequence. The amendments apply to all entities that are
issuers of or investors in debt instruments (or hybrid financial instruments that are determined to have a debt
host) with embedded call (put) options. The new guidance is effective for the Company for the year ending
March 31, 2018 and interim reporting periods during the year ending March 31, 2018. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company is evaluating the effects, if any, of the adoption of this revised guidance on the
Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07 “Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of
Accounting,” to simplify the accounting for equity method investments, which eliminates the requirement in
ASC 323 “Investments — equity method and joint ventures” that an entity retroactively adopt the equity
method of accounting if an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the
level of ownership or degree of inﬂuence. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the
cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor’s previously held
interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity
method accounting. The new guidance is effective for the Company for the year ending March 31, 2018 and
interim reporting periods during the year ending March 31, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
F-34