logistics service providers, such as inclement weather, natural disasters, transportation disruptions or labor unrest.
These logistics services could also be affected or interrupted by industry consolidation, insolvency or government
shut-downs. The merchants on our marketplaces may not be able to find alternative logistics service providers to
provide logistics services in a timely and reliable manner, or at all. We do not have agreements with logistics
service providers that require them to offer services to our merchants. If the logistics data platform operated by
Cainiao Network were to fail for any reason, the logistics service providers would be severely hindered from or
unable to connect with our merchants, and their services and the functionality of our ecosystem could be severely
affected. If the products sold on our marketplaces are not delivered in proper condition, on a timely basis or at
shipping rates that marketplace participants are willing to bear, our business and prospects, as well as our financial
condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
If other third-party service providers on our ecosystem fail to provide reliable or satisfactory services, our business,
ﬁnancial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely aﬁected.
In addition to the services provided to our ecosystem by Ant Financial Services, Cainiao Network and logistics
service providers, a number of other third-party participants, including retail operating partners, logistics service
providers, mobile app developers, ISVs, cloud developers, marketing affiliates and various professional service
providers, also provide services to users on our platforms, including merchants, brands, consumers and users of our
cloud computing services. To the extent these third-party service providers are unable to provide satisfactory
services to our users on commercially acceptable terms or at all or if we fail to retain existing or attract new
quality service providers to our platforms, our ability to retain, attract or engage our users may be severely limited,
which may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In
addition, certain of these third-party services providers on our ecosystem have access to our user data to a limited
extent in order to provide their services. If such third-party participants engage in activities that are negligent,
illegal or otherwise harm the trustworthiness and security of our ecosystem, including the leak or negligent use of
data, or users are otherwise dissatisfied with their service quality, we could suffer reputational harm, even if these
activities are not related to, attributable to or caused by us.
We depend on key management as well as experienced and capable personnel generally, and any failure to attract, motivate
and retain our staff could severely hinder our ability to maintain and grow our business.
Our future success is significantly dependent upon the continued service of our key executives and other key
employees. If we lose the services of any member of management or key personnel, we may not be able to locate
suitable or qualified replacements, and may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new staff, which could
severely disrupt our business and growth. In particular, Jack Ma, our lead founder, executive chairman and one of
our principal shareholders, has been crucial to the development of our culture and strategic direction.
As our business develops and evolves, it may become difficult for us to continue to retain such employees. A
number of our employees, including many members of management, may choose to pursue other opportunities
outside of our company. If we are unable to motivate or retain these employees, our business may be severely
disrupted and our prospects could suffer.
The size and scope of our ecosystem also require us to hire and retain a wide range of effective and
experienced personnel who can adapt to a dynamic, competitive and challenging business environment. We will
need to continue to attract and retain experienced and capable personnel at all levels as we expand our business
and operations. Competition for talent in the PRC Internet industry is intense, and the availability of suitable and
qualified candidates in China is limited. Competition for these individuals could cause us to offer higher
compensation and other benefits to attract and retain them. Even if we were to offer higher compensation and
other benefits, there is no assurance that these individuals will choose to join or continue to work for us. Any
failure to attract or retain key management and personnel could severely disrupt our business and growth.
19