Mobile Media and Entertainment
Based on the strength of our relationship with consumers and our capability to leverage commerce data that
can be applied to serve the broader interests of consumers, we have developed an emerging business in mobile
media and entertainment through three distribution platforms, UCWeb mobile media, game publishing and multi-
screen entertainment, and content creation and production companies in film, music and sports.
Distribution Platforms
UCWeb mobile media
UCWeb operates UC Browser, the second largest mobile browser in the world after Chrome by page view
market share as of April 2016, according to StatCounter (data available at: http://gs.statcounter.com). UCWeb also
provides mobile value-added services to users including news feeds, mobile web navigation and mobile search. Its
mobile search business, Shenma (EZEF 3), was the second largest mobile search engine in China in the three months
ended March 31, 2016, according to BigData-Research.
Game publishing
We operate a game publishing platform for Android-based mobile games that also serves as an online
community and media platform for gamers. We cooperate with upstream and downstream players across the game
industry value chain, as a partner, exclusive licensee and developer of mobile games.
Multi-screen entertainment
Youku Tudou, a leading multi-screen entertainment and media company in China, enables users to search,
view and share high-quality video content quickly and easily across multiple devices. The Youku Tudou brand is
among the most recognized online video brands in China. In March 2016, monthly active users on Youku Tudou
PC platforms reached 344 million and monthly active users of Youku App and Tudou App combined reached over
167 million, according to iResearch. The total user time spent on Youku Tudou PC platforms, and the two mobile
apps combined reached over 2.9 billion hours in March 2016, according to iResearch. Through licensed operators,
we also offer over-the-top TV services, such as the delivery of a variety of video content over the Internet through
set-top boxes developed by us and set-top boxes and smart televisions developed by third parties, of which some
are powered by YunOS, our proprietary operating system.
Content Creation and Production
Film
Alibaba Pictures is our equity method investee company that produces and invests in movies and television
programs. It has built a pipeline of upcoming releases including Ferry Man (EWEA), Three Lives Three Worlds
Ten Miles of Peach Blossom (EiElﬁ—I‘El‘ililja), The Heroic Age (Ej‘ﬁiﬂ) and Return of the Pearl Princess
(ﬁﬁkﬁlg‘). In addition to content production, Alibaba Pictures also promotes and distributes films including
blockbusters such as Mission: Impossible — Rogue Nation and Tiny Times 4 (/J\ BULK; 4). It also operates one of
the largest suppliers of cinema ticketing systems in China, an online ticketing platform and a CZB financing
platform for entertainment projects and merchandising.
Music
We operate Xiami (time), which offers music streaming services through websites and mobile apps. We also
operate online music platform Alibaba Planet (WEE???) that connects fans, artists and other music industry
participants.
73