Meet @ Alibaba. We enable hundreds of millions of commercial and social interactions among our users,
between consumers and merchants, and among businesses every day.
Work @ Alibaba. We empower our customers with the fundamental infrastructure for commerce and data
technology, so that they can build businesses and create value that can be shared among our ecosystem
participants.
Live @ Alibaba. We strive to expand our products and services to become central to the everyday lives of
our customers.
102 Years. For a company that was founded in 1999, lasting at least 102 years means we will have spanned
three centuries, an achievement that few companies can claim. Our culture, business models and systems are
built to last, so that we can achieve sustainability in the long run.
Our Values
Our values are fundamental to the way we operate and how we recruit, evaluate and compensate our people.
Our six values are:
° Customer First — The interests of our community of consumers and merchants must be our first priority.
° Teamwork — We believe teamwork enables ordinary people to achieve extraordinary things.
° Embrace Change — In this fast-changing world, we must be ﬂexible, innovative and ready to adapt to new
business conditions in order to survive.
° Integrity — We expect our people to uphold the highest standards of honesty and to deliver on their
commitments.
° Passion — We expect our people to approach everything with fire in their belly and never give up on doing
what they believe is right.
° Commitment — Employees who demonstrate perseverance and excellence are richly rewarded. Nothing
should be taken lightly as we encourage our people to “work happily and live seriously.”
Company Overview
To fulfill our mission “to make it easy to do business anywhere,” we enable businesses to transform the way
they market, sell and operate. We provide the fundamental technology infrastructure and marketing reach to help
merchants, brands and other businesses that provide products, services and digital content to leverage the power of
the Internet to engage with their users and customers.
Our businesses are comprised of core commerce, cloud computing, mobile media and entertainment, and
other innovation initiatives. Through investee affiliates, Cainiao Network and Koubei (III Ei’l'i), respectively, we
participate in the logistics and local services sectors. In addition, we have a profit sharing interest in Ant Financial
Services, the financial services group that operates through Alipay, the leading third-party online payment platform
in China.
Core Commerce
Retail Commerce in China
We are the largest retail commerce company in the world in terms of GMV in the twelve months ended
March 31, 2016, compared with others on the basis of publicly available comparable transaction value data for the
most recent fiscal year.
We operate Taobao Marketplace, China’s largest mobile commerce destination, and T mall, China’s largest
third-party platform for brands and retailers, in each case by monthly active users in 2015, according to iResearch.
57