ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
(ac) Deferred revenue and customer advances
Deferred revenue and customer advances represent service fees received from customers that relate to services
to be provided in the future. Deferred revenue, mainly relating to membership and storefront fees, is stated at
the amount of service fees received less the amount previously recognized as revenue upon the provision of
the respective services over the terms of the respective service contracts.
(ad) Commitments and contingencies
In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to contingencies, such as legal proceedings and
claims arising out of its business, that cover a wide range of matters. Liabilities for such contingencies are
recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be
reasonably estimated.
Certain conditions may exist as of the date the consolidated financial statements are issued, which may result
in a loss to the Company, but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to
occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of
judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or
unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel,
evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of
the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein.
If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the
amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the consolidated
financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable,
but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability,
together with an estimate of the range of the reasonably possible loss, if determinable and material, would
be disclosed.
Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case
the nature of the guarantee would be disclosed.
(ae) Ti“easury shares
The Company accounts for treasury shares using the cost method. Under this method, the cost incurred to
purchase the shares is recorded in the treasury shares account on the consolidated balance sheets. At
retirement, the ordinary shares account is charged only for the aggregate par value of the shares. The excess
of the acquisition cost of treasury shares over the aggregate par value is allocated between additional paid-in
capital (up to the amount credited to the additional paid-in capital upon original issuance of the shares) and
retained earnings. The treasury shares account includes 28,245,662 and 24,393,569 ordinary shares issued at
par to subsidiaries of the Company for the purpose of certain equity investment plans for management as of
March 31, 2015 and 2016, respectively.
F-31