ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
4. Signiﬁcant equity transactions, restructuring transactions, mergers and acquisitions and equity investments
(Continued)
(b) Restructuring of Payment Services (Continued)
Services up to a 33% equity interest, or such lesser equity interest as may be permitted by the regulatory
approvals. If the liquidity event payment described above has not become payable upon a Qualified IPO of
Ant Financial Services, the Company’s right to acquire equity interests up to the full 33% equity interest will
continue after such Qualified IPO. However, the maximum equity interest that the Company is entitled to
acquire will be reduced in proportion to any dilutive equity issuances by Ant Financial Services in and
following such Qualified IPO. If the Company acquires an equity interest in Ant Financial Services pursuant
to this arrangement which is below 33%, the liquidity event payment amount and the profit sharing
arrangement under the amended Alipay IPLA will be proportionately reduced based on the amount of equity
interests acquired by the Company.
Concurrently with the 2014 SAPA, the Company entered into other ancillary agreements, including a data
sharing agreement, an SME loan cooperation agreement, a trademark agreement, and an amended and
restated shared services agreement. The Company also entered into a binding term sheet in respect of a
technology services agreement, pursuant to which the Company agreed to provide certain cloud computing,
database service and storage, large-scale computing services and certain other services to Ant Financial
Services on a cost-plus basis. In addition, the existing Alipay Commercial Agreement will continue as currently
in effect.
The terms of the 2014 SAPA, the amended Alipay IPLA and other ancillary agreements took effect
immediately upon their execution in August 2014. The transfer of the Transferred Business was completed in
February 2015, a gain on disposal of RMB306 million was recorded in interest and investment income, net of
the consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2015. Certain assets and liabilities, such as
restricted cash and escrow receivables of RMB3,495 million, loan receivables, net of RMB23,363 million,
secured borrowings of RMB15,417 million and escrow money payable of RMB3,495 million were derecognized
from the consolidated balance sheet of the Company upon the completion of the transfer of the Transferred
Business.
For accounting purposes, the fair value of the restructured arrangement exceeded the fair value of the
pre-existing arrangement with Ant Financial Services by RMB1.3 billion. As Ant Financial Services is
controlled by a director and major shareholder of the Company, the excess value provided to the Company in
this related party transaction is accounted for as an equity contribution by the shareholder as restructuring
reserve in the statement of changes in shareholders’ equity. Given the nature of this transaction, the
corresponding asset representing the excess value receivable by the Company is accounted for as a deduction
from equity and amortized as an expense in the consolidated income statements over the expected term of the
restructured arrangement which is estimated to be 5 years. The amortization of the excess value of
RMB166 million and RMB264 million were recorded in the other income, net in the consolidated income
statements for the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2016, respectively. Furthermore, the Company accounts for
the Profit Share Payments and the SME Annual Fee in the periods when the services are provided, where
such payments are expected to approximate the estimated fair values of the services provided.
F-39