of Haier that is engaged in the logistics business in China, or RRS, and a subscription for a convertible and
exchangeable bond which is either convertible into an approximately 2.6% equity interest in Haier or exchangeable
into an approximately 24% equity interest in RRS. We paid a total purchase price of HK$2,821 million upon the
closing of the transactions. Our investment in Haier and RRS has enabled our China retail marketplaces to gain a
competitive advantage in the large home appliance category through high quality delivery, installation and
after-sale services.
YTO Express (Logistics) Co., Ltd., or YTO Express, one of the leading express courier companies in China. In
May 2015, we invested RMB1,500 million in YTO Express representing an equity interest of 12% in the company.
YTO Express is one of the fifteen strategic express courier partners participating in the data platform of Cainiao
Network to fulfill orders from our core commerce business. We invested in YTO Express so that we can leverage
our shareholding relationship to establish delivery service standards and new service offerings for online shopping.
Once implemented and tested, such standards and offerings may be rolled out to other delivery partners of
Cainiao Network, enhancing the overall consumer experience. In January 2016, a company listed on the Shanghai
Stock Exchange filed an application to purchase all of the equity interest in YTO Express through an asset swap
and share issue, resulting in a reverse takeover of that company by YT 0 Express. The completion of the reverse
takeover is subject to the approval by the shareholders of that company and certain regulatory authorities.
Best Logistics Technologies Ltd., or Best Logistics, a provider of comprehensive supply-chain solutions and
services including express delivery, freight delivery, inventory management, warehouse fulfillment, software
development, financing, business consulting to cross-border logistics services. Since fiscal year 2009, we have
participated in several rounds of equity financing of Best Logistics, including one in January 2015, and have
acquired an aggregate of approximately 22% equity interest in Best Logistics for an aggregate investment cost of
US$256 million. In 2016, Cainiao Network also participated in a round of equity financing of Best Logistics in
which it invested US$165 million for an approximately 5% equity interest in Best Logistics.
E-commerce and Related Services
Suning Commerce Group Co., Ltd., or Suning, one of the largest consumer electronics retail chains in China
with over 1,600 retail stores and over 60 national and regional distribution centers as of December 2015 that is
listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. In August 2015, we entered into definitive agreements to establish a
comprehensive collaboration with Suning. Under our agreements, we will invest RMB28.2 billion for 19.99% of the
enlarged equity capital of Suning. These transactions are expected to be completed during the quarter ending
June 30, 2016. We have formed a strategic alliance with Suning to build on synergies in e-commerce, logistics and
incremental business through joint omni-channel initiatives. We believe these transactions will bring significant
strategic benefits, including improved product selection, competitive pricing, and better customer experience
through reliable delivery and after-sale services.
International Expansion
Lazada Group S.A., or Lazada, a company that operates e-commerce platforms in Indonesia, Malaysia, the
Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam, with local language websites and mobile apps in each of the six
markets. In April 2016, we completed an acquisition of a controlling stake in Lazada for a total cash consideration
of US$1.0 billion. Lazada offers third-party brands and merchants a marketplace solution with simple and direct
access to consumers in these six countries through one retail channel. Lazada also sells products owned by its retail
operations. It has developed its own logistics infrastructure with warehouses and a last-mile delivery ﬂeet to offer
quick and reliable delivery to its customers. We intend that Lazada will be our vehicle for expansion into the
Southeast Asia consumer market, including potential cross-border opportunities introducing Chinese merchants and
international brands to Southeast Asian consumers.
Others
Beijing Shiji Information Technology Co., Ltd., or Shiji, a developer and provider of hotel information
management system software, system integration and technical service that is listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
In November 2015, we completed an investment in newly issued ordinary shares, representing approximately 13%
120