ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
12. Investment securities and fair value disclosure (Continued)
to RMB4,929 million and RMB1,751 million as of March 31, 2015 and 2016, respectively. The carrying
amounts of available-for-sale securities that were in a loss position over twelve months were insignificant as of
the same dates.
The carrying amount of long-term held-to-maturity investments approximates their fair value due to the fact
that the related interest rates approximate rates currently offered by financial institutions for similar debt
instruments of comparable maturities.
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. To increase the comparability of fair
value measures, the following hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation methodologies used to measure
fair value:
Level 1 - Valuations based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets.
Level 2 - Valuations based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as
quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or
similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or
can be corroborated by observable market data.
Level 3 - Valuations based on unobservable inputs reﬂecting assumptions, consistent with reasonably
available assumptions made by other market participants. These valuations require significant
judgment.
Fair value of short-term investments and listed equity securities are based on quoted prices in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities. All other financial instruments, such as derivative instruments and forward
exchange contracts, are valued based on quoted market prices of similar instruments and other significant
inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. Convertible bonds are valued using binomial
model with unobservable inputs including risk-free interest rate, expected volatility and dividend yield.
Contingent consideration is valued using an expected cashﬂow method with unobservable inputs including the
probability to achieve the operating and financial targets, which is assessed by the Company, in connection
with the contingent consideration arrangements.
F-68