and such rules or regulations could conﬂict or interact with each other in complex ways. Our globalization strategy
may be adversely affected by the complexity and development of customs and import/export laws, rules and
regulations, including the change of PRC regulation pattern regarding the import tax on consumer goods imported
through cross-border e-commerce platforms.
Our brand name and our business may be harmed by aggressive marketing and communications strategies of our
competitors.
Due to intense competition in our industry, we have been and may be the target of incomplete, inaccurate and
false statements about our company and our products and services that could damage our and our management’s
reputation and our brand and materially deter consumers from making purchases on our marketplaces. Our ability
to respond to our competitors’ misleading marketing efforts may be limited during our self—imposed quiet periods
around quarter ends or due to legal prohibitions on permissible public communications by us during certain
other periods.
Our results of operations ﬂuctuate signiﬁcantly from quarter to quarter which may make it difﬁcult to predict our future
performance.
Our results of operations ﬂuctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. In addition, our business is
characterized by seasonal ﬂuctuations, which may cause further ﬂuctuations. The fourth quarter of each calendar
year generally contributes the largest portion of our annual revenues due to a number of factors, such as
merchants allocating a significant portion of their online marketing budgets to the fourth calendar quarter,
promotions, such as Singles Day on November 11 of each year and the impact of seasonal buying patterns in
respect of certain categories such as apparel. The first quarter of each calendar year generally contributes the
smallest portion of our annual revenues, primarily due to a lower level of allocation of online marketing budgets
by merchants at the beginning of the calendar year and the Chinese New Year holiday, during which time
consumers generally spend less and businesses in China are generally closed. We may also introduce new
promotions or change the timing of our promotions in ways that further cause our quarterly results to ﬂuctuate
and differ from historical patterns. In addition, seasonal weather patterns may affect the timing of buying
decisions. For example, unexpectedly long periods of warm weather could delay the purchase of heavier clothing
items that have higher average selling prices. The performance of our equity investees and of businesses in which
we have made investments, may also result in ﬂuctuations in our results of operations. Fluctuations in our results
of operations related to our investments may also result from the accounting implication of re-measurement of fair
values of certain financial instruments, share-based awards and previously held equity interests upon disposal or
step acquisitions. Given that the fair value movements of the underlying equities of financial instruments, share-
based awards or equity interests are beyond the control of our management, the magnitude of the related
accounting impact is unpredictable and may affect our results of operations significantly. Our results of operations
will likely ﬂuctuate due to these and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. In addition, our growth
in the past may have masked the seasonality that might otherwise be apparent in our results of operations. As the
rate of growth of our business declines in comparison to prior periods, we expect that the seasonality in our
business may become more pronounced. Moreover, as our business grows, we expect that our fixed costs and
expenses, such as payroll and benefits, bandwidth and co-location fees, will continue to increase, which will result
in operating leverage in seasonally strong quarters but can significantly pressure operating margins in seasonally
weak quarters.
Our quarterly and annual financial results will likely differ from our historical performance. To the extent our
results of operations are below the expectations of public market analysts and investors in the future, or if there
are significant ﬂuctuations in our financial results, the market price of our ADSs could decline materially.
28