profitability. Our ability to maintain our position as a trusted platform for online and mobile commerce is based in
large part upon:
0 the reliability and security of our platforms (including the reliability and security of the various service
providers on our platforms), as well as the commitment to high levels of service and data protection by the
merchants, developers, logistics providers, service providers and other participants in our ecosystem;
° the quality, breadth and functionality of products, services and functions and the quality, variety and appeal
of content available through our platforms;
° the effectiveness and perceived fairness of rules governing our marketplaces and other platforms and overall
ecosystem;
° the strength of our consumer protection measures; and
0 our ability to provide reliable and trusted payment and escrow services through our arrangements
with Alipay.
Increased investments in our business, strategic acquisitions and investments as well as our focus on long-term
performance and maintaining the health of our ecosystem may negatively aﬁect our margins and our net income.
We have experienced significant growth in our profit margins and net income. Our operating profit and net
income grew 26% and 193%, respectively, from fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2016. However, we cannot assure you
that we will be able to maintain our growth at these levels, or at all. Our operating profit declined by 7% and net
income only grew 4% from fiscal year 2014 to fiscal year 2015. Consistent with our focus on the long-term interests
of our ecosystem participants, we may take actions that fail to generate positive short-term financial results, and we
cannot assure you that these actions will produce long-term benefits.
We continue to increase our spending and investment in our business to support our future growth, including
in improving our technological infrastructure and cloud computing capacities. All of these initiatives are crucial to
the success of our business but will have the effect of increasing our costs and lowering our margins and profit,
and such effect may be significant, at least in the short-term. Moreover, many of our business initiatives emphasize
expanding our user base and enhancing user experience, rather than initially prioritizing monetization.
Furthermore, we have made, and intend to continue to make, strategic investments and acquisitions to expand
our user base and geographic coverage and add complementary offerings and technologies to further strengthen
our ecosystem. For example, we expect to continue to make strategic investments and acquisitions relating to
entertainment, international expansion, cloud computing and big data, logistics services, local commerce, category
expansion, e-commerce marketplaces, healthcare and new technologies. Our strategic investments and acquisitions
may adversely affect our future financial results, including by decreasing our margins and net income. For example,
our acquisitions, including those of UCWeb and AutoNavi, have negatively impacted our financial results
historically. We also believe that our expansion into the mobile media and entertainment sectors, including our
recent acquisition of Youku Tudou and our international expansion through our recent acquisition of a controlling
stake in Lazada, are important to our overall business but will have a negative effect on our financial results, at
least in the short-term. In addition, the performance of minority investments we make that are accounted for
under the equity method investments may also adversely affect our net income. There can be no assurance that we
will be able to sustain our net income growth rates or our margins.
9