equity holders could be increased, which could increase our overall tax liabilities. In addition, the PRC tax
authorities may impose late payment interest. Our net income may be materially reduced if our tax liabilities
increase.
Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s Republic of China
Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government may materially and adversely aﬁect our business,
ﬁnancial condition and results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and expansion
strategies.
Most of our operations are conducted in the PRC and substantially all of our revenue is sourced from the
PRC. Accordingly, our financial condition and results of operations are affected to a significant extent by
economic, political and legal developments in the PRC.
The PRC economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the
extent of government involvement, level of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of
resources. Although the PRC government has implemented measures emphasizing the utilization of market forces
for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership of productive assets, and the establishment of improved
corporate governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of productive assets in China is still owned by
the government. In addition, the PRC government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry
development by imposing industrial policies. The PRC government also exercises significant control over China’s
economic growth by allocating resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting
monetary policy, regulating financial services and institutions and providing preferential treatment to particular
industries or companies.
While the PRC economy has experienced significant growth in the past three decades, growth has been
uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. The PRC government has implemented
various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures
may benefit the overall PRC economy, but may also have a negative effect on us. Our financial condition and
results of operation could be materially and adversely affected by government control over capital investments or
changes in tax regulations that are applicable to us. In addition, the PRC government has implemented in the past
certain measures, including interest rate increases, to control the pace of economic growth. These measures may
cause decreased economic activity. While the PRC government started easing its monetary policy in 2015, there
have been signs of continuing economic slowdown in China. Any prolonged slowdown in the Chinese economy
could lead to a reduction in demand for our services and consequently have a material adverse effect on our
businesses, financial condition and results of operations.
There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations.
Most of our operations are conducted in the PRC, and are governed by PRC laws, rules and regulations. Our
PRC subsidiaries are subject to laws, rules and regulations applicable to foreign investment in China. The PRC
legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions
may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value.
In 1979, the PRC government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws, rules and regulations
governing economic matters in general. The overall effect of legislation over the past three decades has
significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investment in China. However, China
has not developed a fully integrated legal system, and recently enacted laws, rules and regulations may not
sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities in China or may be subject to significant degree of
interpretation by PRC regulatory agencies and courts. In particular, because these laws, rules and regulations are
relatively new, and because of the limited number of published decisions and the non-precedential nature of such
decisions, and because the laws, rules and regulations often give the relevant regulator significant discretion in how
to enforce them, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations involve uncertainties and
can be inconsistent and unpredictable. Therefore, it is possible that our existing operations may be found not to be
41