To the extent that the amount of any distribution exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits
for a taxable year, as determined under United States federal income tax principles, the distribution will first be
treated as a tax-free return of capital, causing a reduction in the adjusted basis of the ADSs or ordinary shares
(thereby increasing the amount of gain, or decreasing the amount of loss, to be recognized by you on a subsequent
disposition of the ADSs or ordinary shares), and the balance in excess of adjusted basis will be taxed as capital
gain recognized on a sale or exchange, as described below under “— Taxation of Capital Gains.” Consequently,
such distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would generally not give rise to
foreign source income and you would generally not be able to use the foreign tax credit arising from any PRC
withholding tax imposed on such distributions unless such credit can be applied (subject to applicable limitations)
against United States federal income tax due on other foreign source income in the appropriate category for
foreign tax credit purposes. However, we do not expect to keep earnings and profits in accordance with
United States federal income tax principles. Therefore, you should expect that a distribution will generally be
treated as a dividend (as discussed above).
Distributions of ADSs, ordinary shares or rights to subscribe for ordinary shares that are received as part of a
pro rata distribution to all of our shareholders generally will not be subject to United States federal income tax.
Consequently, such distributions generally will not give rise to foreign source income and you generally will not be
able to use the foreign tax credit arising from any PRC withholding tax imposed on such distributions unless such
credit can be applied (subject to applicable limitations) against United States federal income tax due on other
foreign source income in the appropriate category for foreign tax credit purposes.
Passive Foreign Investment Company
Based on the projected composition of our income and valuation of our assets, including goodwill, we do not
expect to be a PFIC for our current taxable year, and we do not expect to become one in the future, although
there can be no assurance in this regard.
In general, we will be a PFIC for any taxable year in which:
0 at least 75% of our gross income is passive income; or
0 at least 50% of the value (determined on a quarterly basis) of our assets is attributable to assets that
produce or are held for the production of passive income.
For this purpose, passive income generally includes dividends, interest, royalties and rents (other than royalties
and rents derived in the active conduct of a trade or business and not derived from a related person). If we own at
least 25% (by value) of the stock of another corporation, we will be treated, for purposes of the PFIC tests, as
owning our proportionate share of the other corporation’s assets and receiving our proportionate share of the
other corporation’s income. Although we do not expect to be a PFIC, it is not entirely clear how the contractual
arrangements between us and our variable interest entities will be treated for purposes of the PFIC rules. If it
were determined that we do not own the stock of our variable interest entities for United States federal income tax
purposes (for instance, because the relevant PRC authorities do not respect these arrangements), we may be
treated as a PFIC.
The determination of whether we are a PFIC is made annually. Accordingly, it is possible that we may become
a PFIC in the current or any future taxable year due to changes in our asset or income composition. Because we
have valued our goodwill based on the projected market value of our equity, a decrease in the price of our ADSs
may also result in our becoming a PFIC. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which you hold our ADSs
or ordinary shares, you will be subject to special tax rules discussed below.
If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which you hold our ADSs or ordinary shares, you will be subject
to special tax rules with respect to any “excess distribution” received and any gain realized from a sale or other
disposition, including a pledge, of ADSs or ordinary shares. Distributions received in a taxable year that are
greater than 125% of the average annual distributions received during the shorter of the three preceding taxable
195