The Alimama technology platform supports marketing delivered through personal computers and mobile
devices. Under Alimama’s bidding system, marketers may set a higher or lower bid price for mobile marketing
than the bid price for marketing on personal computers. Alimama also has an affiliate marketing program to place
marketing displays on third-party websites and mobile apps, thereby enabling marketers, if they so choose, to
extend their marketing and promotional reach to properties and users beyond our own marketplaces.
We believe we have one of the largest online marketing affiliate networks in China in terms of revenue shared
with third-party website properties and mobile apps. Our affiliate marketing program not only provides additional
traffic to our core commerce marketplaces, but also generates revenue to us. Under the Taobaoke program,
merchants on Taobao Marketplace and Tmall can generate additional traffic and transactions from third—party
websites and mobile apps, and the marketer pays commissions based on a percentage of transaction value sourced
from such third—party affiliates. We share a significant portion of that commission with our third—party affiliate
partners.
Alimama operates the Taobao Ad Network and Exchange, or TANX, one of the largest real-time bidding
online marketing exchanges in China. TANX helps publishers to monetize their media inventories both on web
properties and mobile apps. TANX automates the buying and selling of billions of marketing impressions on a
daily basis. Participants on TANX include publishers, marketers and demand side platforms operated by agencies.
Alimama also offers a data management platform through TANX, or DMP, for marketers that wish to execute
their campaigns with proprietary and tailored data. DMP helps the marketer to identify targeted audience groups
by mapping their own proprietary data set to the data captured in our ecosystem. By customizing and tagging the
attributes of consumers, the marketer is able to reach and expand its targeted audiences.
UCWeb Mobile Marketing System
Our mobile search engine, Shenma 02$ £5), monetizes through a keyword bidding system that enables
marketers to reach users who search for information related to their products or services. We engage third-party
distributors to sell some of our mobile marketing services to marketers. UC Browser monetizes primarily through
time-based display marketing where marketers place icons that link to their webpage or apps in UC Browser. Its
news feed feature UC Headline enables marketers to place marketing messages in news feed on cost-per-click
(CPC) basis or impressions on time basis. Our mobile marketing platform enables marketers to launch targeted
marketing for apps, games, web pages and services on mobile media including UC Browser, UC Headline and
third-party media partners, leveraging our deep consumer insights.
Youku Tudou Advertising System
Youku Tudou monetizes primarily through brand advertising. Its online advertising services include in-video,
display, sponsorship and other forms of advertisements. In-video advertisements appear at certain times during the
playback of a video. These video advertisements can be pre-roll, post-roll, mid-roll or pause advertisements.
Display advertisements can be delivered alongside a video and may take the form of graphical banners or text
hyperlinks. Other forms of advertisements include product placements in the web video series produced in-house,
sponsored live events or viral videos produced in-house. Youku Tudou’s advertising solutions present brand
advertisers with attractive opportunities to combine the visual impact and engagement of traditional television-like
multimedia formats with the interactivity and precise targeting capabilities of the Internet.
Other Major Elements of our Ecosystem
Logistics
Cainiao Network is a joint venture that we formed in May 2013 with other shareholders who are engaged in
logistics, retail, and real estate, including four major express courier companies in China. Cainiao Network does
not deliver packages itself. It operates a logistics data platform that leverages the capacity and capabilities of
logistics partners to fulfill transactions between merchants and consumers at a large scale. Cainiao Network uses
75