ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
(e) Segment reporting
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
operating decision-maker, which is a strategic committee comprised of members of the Company’s
management team. In the respective periods presented, the Company had one single operating and reportable
segment, namely the provision of online and mobile commerce and related services. Although the online and
mobile commerce and related services consist of different business units of the Company, information
provided to the chief operating decision-maker is at the revenue level and the Company does not allocate
operating costs or assets across business units, as the chief operating decision-maker does not use such
information to allocate resources or evaluate the performance of the business units. Details of the Company’s
revenue are set out in Note 5. As the Company’s long-lived assets are substantially all located in the PRC and
substantially all of the Company’s revenue is derived from within the PRC, no geographical information
is presented.
(f) Foreign currency translation
The functional currency of the Company is U83? and reporting currency of the Company is RMB. The
Company’s subsidiaries and VIEs with operations in the PRC, Hong Kong, United States and other
jurisdictions use their respective currencies as their functional currencies. The financial statements of the
Company’s subsidiaries and VIEs, other than the subsidiaries and VIEs with the functional currency of RMB,
are translated into RMB using the exchange rate as of the balance sheet date for assets and liabilities and
average exchange rate for the year for income and expense items. Translation gains and losses are recorded in
accumulated other comprehensive income or loss as a component of shareholders’ equity.
In the financial statements of the Company’s subsidiaries and VIEs, transactions in currencies other than the
functional currency are measured and recorded in the functional currency using the exchange rate in effect at
the date of the transaction. At the balance sheet date, monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in
currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency using the exchange
rate at the balance sheet date. All gains and losses arising from foreign currency transactions are recorded in
the determination of net income or loss during the year in which they occur.
(g) Revenue recognition
Revenue principally represents online marketing services revenue, commissions on transactions, membership
and storefront fees and cloud computing services revenue. Revenue comprises the fair value of the
consideration received or receivable for the provision of services in the ordinary course of the Company’s
activities and is recorded net of value-added tax (“VAT”). Consistent with the criteria of ASC 605 “Revenue
Recognition” (“ASC 605”), the Company recognizes revenue when the following four revenue recognition
criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred or services have
been provided, (iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.
F-19