Pictures completed its purchase of our online movie ticketing business and financing and investment platform for
the production of movie and other media content for a cash consideration of US$350 million plus certain
reimbursement amounts in December 2015. With these transactions, Alibaba Pictures has created a comprehensive
platform that integrates valuable assets in the production and distribution value chain for movies and TV dramas.
Wasu Media Holding Co., Ltd, or Wasu, a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and engaged in
the business of digital media broadcasting and distribution in China. In April 2015, Simon Xie, who is one of our
founders and an equity holder in certain of our variable interest entities, was granted a financing with an aggregate
principal of up to RMB6.9 billion by a major financial institution in the PRC, which was used to fund a minority
investment in Wasu via a PRC limited partnership. A company controlled by Jack Ma serves as one of the general
partners of the limited partnership. Yuzhu Shi, the founder, chairman and a principal shareholder of Giant
Interactive, a China-based online game company that was previously listed on the New York Stock Exchange, and
an entrepreneur with significant experience in and knowledge of the media industry in China, serves as the other
general partner. Jack, through his control of one of the general partners, and Mr. Shi, as the other general partner
and the executive partner, jointly control this PRC limited partnership. The interest of the general partner
controlled by Jack in the limited partnership is limited to the return of its RMB10,000 contributed capital. The
financing is secured by a pledge of Wasu shares acquired by the PRC limited partnership and a pledge of certain
wealth management products we purchased. In addition, we entered into a loan agreement with a principal amount
of up to RMB2.0 billion with Simon Xie in April 2015 to finance the repayment by Simon of the interest under
the above-mentioned financing. Our loan to Mr. Xie will be made at an interest rate equal to SHIBOR as
specified by us and is repayable in five years. The loan is secured by a pledge of Mr. Xie’s limited partnership
interest in the limited partnership, and is available for draw—down starting from January 1, 2016 but it has not yet
been drawn. These arrangements have facilitated our entering into strategic business arrangements with Wasu to
enhance our entertainment strategy.
Healthcare
Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited, or Alibaba Health, a company primarily engaged in the
business of developing the technology for product identification, authentication and tracking system for
pharmaceutical and medical products in China that is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In April 2014, we
completed an acquisition of newly issued ordinary shares representing an effective equity interest of approximately
38% in Alibaba Health for a total purchase price of HK$932 million. Subsequent to March 31, 2016, we and
Alibaba Health entered into a services agreement under which Alibaba Health will provide outsourced services in
relation to product categories related to T mall’s online pharmacy business. Alibaba Health is the ﬂagship vehicle
for us to execute our data-driven healthcare strategy.
Logistics
We have made investments in a number of logistics-related companies as part of our strategy to enhance the
customer experience in our core commerce business through predictable, speedy and high quality logistics services.
Below is a description of the major investments in this area.
Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited, or Cainiao Network, a logistics data platform that leverages a
network of logistics partners’ capacity and capabilities to fulfill the logistics needs of our core commerce business.
In May 2013, we took part in establishing Cainiao Network together with other parties with significant operational
experience in logistics, retail and real estate in China. In March 2016, Cainiao Network completed a new equity
financing round, after which our aggregate investment in Cainiao Network increased to RMB7.0 billion. Currently
our equity interest in Cainiao Network is approximately 47%. See “Item 4. Information on the Company —
B. Business Overview — Other Major Elements of Our Ecosystem — Logistics.”
Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd., or Haier, a company that is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and
principally engaged in the research, development, manufacture and sale of electrical appliances, especially large
home appliances such as refrigerators and air conditioners. In March 2014, as part of our strategy for providing
better delivery and installation services to consumers, we completed an acquisition of ordinary shares representing
an approximately 2% equity interest in Haier, an acquisition of a 9.9% equity interest in a wholly-owned subsidiary
119