° the increasing need to develop expertise in new areas of business that affect us; and
0 the integration of new personnel and businesses from acquisitions.
If we are not able to maintain our culture or if our culture fails to deliver the long-term results we expect to
achieve, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely
affected.
We may not be able to maintain or grow our revenue or our business.
We primarily derive our revenue from online marketing services, commissions based on transaction value
derived from certain of our marketplaces, fees from the sale of memberships on our wholesale marketplaces and
cloud service fees, and we have experienced significant growth in revenue in recent years. In particular, our
revenue grew 45% from fiscal year 2014 to fiscal year 2015 and 33% from fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2016. Our
ability to continue to generate and grow our revenue depends on a number of factors. See “Item 5. Operating and
Financial Review and Prospects — A. Operating Results — Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations — Our
Ability to Create Value for Our Users and Generate Revenue” and “— Our Monetization Model.”
Our future revenue growth also depends on our ability to expand into new geographic regions, including our
expansion into international markets, and grow our other businesses, including our cloud computing business and
the businesses we have acquired or invested in and new business initiatives we may explore in the future. In
particular, we face risks associated with expanding into sectors or geographies in which we have limited or no
experience. For example, as we expand our entertainment business, we may be unable to produce or license quality
content on commercially reasonable terms or at all, fail to anticipate or keep up with changes in user preferences,
user behavior and technological developments or fail to gain access to content distribution channels. In addition, as
we expand into the online video industry following the acquisition of Youku Tudou, we may not be able to acquire
and retain users, attract marketers to purchase online marketing services on our video websites, obtain
professionally produced content at competitive prices or at all, encourage more user-generated content, or grow
user acceptance and the popularity of our online video content. Our expansion into new sectors and geographic
regions will subject us to additional regulatory risks, such as permit requirements and regulations over content in
the PRC. If we are unable to successfully monetize and expand these businesses in our target markets, our future
revenue growth may be adversely affected.
In addition, our revenue growth may slow or our revenues may decline for other reasons, including decreasing
consumer spending, increasing competition and slowing growth of the China retail or China online retail industry
and changes in government policies or general economic conditions. In addition, as our revenue grows to a higher
base level, that rate of growth of our revenue has slowed and may further slow in the future.
We rely on Alipay to conduct substantially all of the payment processing and all of the escrow services on our
marketplaces. If Alipay ’s services are limited, restricted, curtailed or degraded in any way or become unavailable to us or
our users for any reason, our business may be materially and adversely affected.
Through contractual arrangements with us, Alipay provides convenient payment processing and escrow services
to us on preferential terms. These services are critical to our platforms and the development of our ecosystem. In
the twelve months ended March 31, 2016, approximately 75% of GMV on our China retail marketplaces were
settled through Alipay’s escrow and payment processing services. We rely on the convenience and ease of use that
Alipay provides to our users. If the quality, utility, convenience or attractiveness of Alipay’s services declines for
any reason, the attractiveness of our marketplaces could be materially and adversely affected.
Alipay’s business is subject to a number of risks that could materially and adversely affect its ability to provide
payment processing and escrow services to us, including:
0 increasing costs to Alipay, including fees charged by banks to process funds through Alipay, which would
also increase our cost of revenues;
12