the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The primary beneficiary has both (i) the power to direct the activities of the
VIE that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance, and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or
the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE.
For the entities that we invested in or associated with but in which the usual conditions of consolidation
mentioned above do not apply, we continuously reassess whether these entities possess any of the characteristic of
a VIE and whether we are the primary beneficiary.
We consolidate our subsidiaries and the VIEs of which we are the primary beneficiary. On a periodic basis, we
reconsider the initial determination of whether a legal entity is a consolidated entity upon certain events listed in
ASC 810-10-35-4 occurred and also continuously reconsider whether we are the primary beneficiaries of our
affiliated entities as facts and circumstances change.
Recognition of Revenue
Revenue principally represents online marketing services revenue, commissions on transactions, membership
and cloud computing revenue. Revenue comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the
provision of services in our ordinary course activities and is recorded net of VAT. Consistent with the criteria of
ASC 605 “Revenue Recognition,” we recognize revenue when the following four revenue recognition criteria are
met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred or services have been provided,
(iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.
The application of various accounting principles related to the measurement and recognition of revenue
requires us to make judgments and estimates. Specifically, complex arrangements with non-standard terms and
conditions may require significant contract interpretation to determine the appropriate accounting treatment,
including whether the deliverables specified in a multiple element arrangement should be treated as separate units
of accounting. Other significant judgments include determining whether we are acting as the principal or the agent
from an accounting perspective in a transaction.
For multiple element arrangements with customers, which primarily relate to the sale of membership packages
and online marketing services on our international wholesale marketplace, the arrangement consideration is
allocated at the inception of the arrangement to each element based on their relative fair values for revenue
recognition purposes. The consideration is allocated to each element using vendor-specific objective evidence or
third-party evidence of the standalone selling price for each deliverable, or if neither type of evidence is available,
using management’s best estimate of selling price. Significant judgment is required in assessing the fair values of
these elements by considering standalone selling price and other observable data. Changes in the estimated fair
values may cause the revenue recognized for each element to change but not the total amount of revenue allocated
to a contract. We periodically re-assess the fair value of the elements as a result of changes in market conditions.
These multiple element arrangements are currently not significant to our operations. Revenue recognition for P4P
marketing service and display marketing on our marketplaces does not require our management to exercise
significant judgment or estimate.
For other arrangements, we apply significant judgment in determining whether we are acting as the principal
or agent in a transaction; we record P4P marketing services revenue and display marketing revenue generated
through third-party marketing affiliate programs on a gross basis; and revenue relating to the Taobaoke program
generated through third-party marketing affiliate partners’ websites where we do not take inventory risks on a net
basis. In addition, revenue generated from certain platforms in which we operate as a primary obligor is reported
on a gross basis while such revenue was insignificant for each of the periods presented. Generally, when we are
primarily obligated in a transaction and are subject to inventory risk or have latitude in establishing prices, or have
several but not all of these indicators, we record revenue on a gross basis. We record the net amount as revenue
share earned if we are not primarily obligated and do not have inventory risk or latitude in establishing prices.
These judgments could have significant implications on the amount of revenue we recognize.
141