ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
(b) Use of estimates
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with US. GAAP requires the Company
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The
Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be
reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities.
(c) Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company, its subsidiaries,
including the wholly-foreign owned enterprises (“WFOEs”), and VIEs for which the Company is the primary
beneficiary. All transactions and balances among the Company, its subsidiaries and VIEs have been eliminated
upon consolidation. The results of subsidiaries and VIEs acquired or disposed of are recorded in the
consolidated income statements from the effective date of acquisition or up to the effective date of disposal,
as appropriate.
A subsidiary is an entity in which the Company directly or indirectly controls more than 50% of the voting
power; or (ii) the Company has the power to appoint or remove the majority of the members of the board of
directors or to cast a majority of votes at the meeting of the board of directors or to govern the financial and
operating policies of the investee pursuant to a statute or under an agreement among the shareholders or
equity holders. A VIE entity is required to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary of the entity if the
equity holders in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have
sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support
from other parties.
To comply with the PRC legal restrictions on foreign ownership of companies that operate Internet content
and other restricted businesses, the Company operates its websites and engages in such restricted services in
the PRC through certain PRC domestic companies, whose equity interests are held by certain management
members or founders of the Company. The registered capital of these PRC domestic companies was funded
by the Company through loans extended to certain management members or founders of the Company. The
Company has entered into certain exclusive technical services agreements with these PRC domestic companies,
which entitle it to receive a majority of their residual returns and make it obligatory for the Company to
absorb a majority of the risk of losses from their activities. In addition, the Company has entered into certain
agreements with those management members or founders, including loan agreements that require them to
contribute registered capital to those PRC domestic companies, exclusive call option agreements to acquire the
equity interests in these companies when permitted by the PRC laws, rules and regulations, equity pledge
agreements of the equity interests held by those management members or founders, and proxy agreements
that irrevocably authorize individuals designated by the Company to exercise the equity owner’s rights over
these PRC domestic companies.
F-14