our subscription for up to the full 33% equity interest. This payment will result in our acquiring equity interests in
Ant Financial Services with effectively no cash impact to us, subject to applicable taxes.
The amended Alipay IPLA will terminate, and the remainder (if any) of the intellectual property exclusively
related to the business of Ant Financial Services will be transferred to Ant Financial Services after the termination
of the amended Alipay IPLA, (i) after our total equity interest ownership in Ant Financial Services has reached
the full 33%, when either the full funding of funded payments under the 2014 SAPA is completed or a qualified
IPO of Ant Financial Services or Alipay occurs; (ii) after a qualified IPO of Ant Financial Services or Alipay has
occurred, when our total equity interest ownership in Ant Financial Services reaches the full 33%; (iii) when the
liquidity event payment as described above under “Share and Asset Purchase Agreement — Liquidity Event
Payment” becomes payable or (iv) upon transfer of certain intellectual property to Ant Financial Services as
required by the relevant stock exchange or securities authority in order to obtain approval for a qualified IPO of
either Ant Financial Services or Alipay.
In fiscal years 2014, 2015 and 2016, under the Alipay IPLA, we recognized royalty and software technology
services fee income, net of costs incurred by our company, amounting RMB1,764 million, RMB1,667 million and
RMB1,122 million (US$174 million), respectively, as other income.
The effect of the amended Alipay IPLA is that the base of profits of the financial services businesses that we
will share has been expanded, from the pre—tax income of only Alipay to the pre-tax income of the entire Ant
Financial Services, while the profit sharing percentage is reduced to align with the percentage that will be used to
calculate the liquidity event payment. In addition, our participation in the profits of Ant Financial Services, subject
to receipt of required regulatory approvals, including under applicable stock exchange listing rules, is perpetual
under the amended Alipay IPLA (unless we elect to receive the liquidity event payment under the 2014 SAPA
upon a qualified IPO of Ant Financial Services or Alipay or unless we acquire the full 33% equity interest in Ant
Financial Services), as opposed to automatic termination of the profit share upon a liquidity event under the 2011
framework agreement and Alipay IPLA.
Data Sharing Agreement
We and Ant Financial Services have entered into a data sharing agreement dated August 12, 2014.
Pursuant to the data sharing agreement, we, Ant Financial Services, and our controlled affiliates, which we
refer to hereinafter as full data participants, will contribute all data collected or generated as a result of the use by
users of our or their respective products or services (subject to applicable law, industry rules and contractual
requirements) to a data platform that we operate and maintain, and to which all of the full data participants will
have access. A data platform management committee established by us and Ant Financial Services may also
approve non-controlled affiliates of us and Ant Financial Services and unaffiliated third parties to have certain
access to and contribute data to the platform, subject to execution of a data platform participation agreement
containing the terms and restrictions on access to and use of the data sharing platform and shared data as the data
management committee shall determine. No fees or other compensation are required to be paid by any of the full
data participants for access to the data platform, other than the obligation for such participants to share in the
costs of the operation of the data platform on a fair and reasonable basis. The data sharing agreement provides
that none of the participants may reproduce any of the data on the data platform for transfer to their own servers,
except that a participant may retain its own data that it has contributed to the data platform. As of the date of this
annual report, Cainiao Network, Koubei and Alibaba Pictures have entered into data platform participation
agreements with us.
The data sharing agreement initially had a minimum term of 10 years. Pursuant to the data sharing
agreement, if we completed our initial public offering within five years from the date of the agreement, our board
could extend the term for up to a total of 50 years. In May 2015, our board approved the extension of the term of
the agreement to a total of 50 years.
180