ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
(c) Consolidation (Continued)
corresponding WFOEs to secure the outstanding amounts advanced under the relevant loan agreements
described above and to secure the performance of obligations by the VIEs and/or the equity holders
under the other structure contracts. Each WFOE is entitled to exercise its right to dispose of the VIEs
equity holders’ pledged interests in the equity of the VIE and has priority in receiving payment by the
application of proceeds from the auction or sale of such pledged interests, in the event of any breach or
default under the loan agreement or other structure contracts, if applicable. These equity pledge
agreements remain in force for the duration of the relevant loan agreement and other structure contracts.
These equity pledges have been registered with the relevant office of the Administrations for Industry and
Commerce in the PRC.
(ii) Contracts that enable the Company to receive substantially all of the economic benefits from the VIEs
Exclusive technical services agreements
Each relevant VIE has entered into an exclusive technical services agreement with the respective WFOE,
pursuant to which the relevant WFOE provides exclusive technical services to the VIE. In exchange, the
VIE pays a service fee to the WF OE which typically amount to what would be substantially all of the
VIE’s pre-tax profit, resulting in a transfer of substantially all of the profits from the VIE to the WFOE.
Other arrangements
The exclusive call option agreements described above also enable the Company to receive substantially all
of the economic benefits from the VIEs by typically entitling the WFOEs to all dividends and other
distributions declared by the VIEs and to any distributions or proceeds from the disposal by the VIEs
equity holders of their equity interests in the VIEs that are in excess of the original registered capital that
they contributed to the VIEs.
Based on these contractual agreements, the Company believes that the PRC domestic companies as described
above should be considered as VIEs because the equity holders do not have significant equity at risk nor do
they have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest and the Company is the primary beneficiary of
these PRC domestic companies. Accordingly, the Company believes that these VIEs should be consolidated
based on the structure as described above.
F-16