publication services project with foreign invested enterprises, overseas organizations or overseas individuals, it must
report to the GAPPRFT and obtain an approval in advance. Also, the online publication service provider is
prohibited from lending, leasing, selling or otherwise transferring the Online Publication Service License, or to
allow any other online information service provider to provide online publication services in its name.
Regulations on Internet Drug Information Service
The State Food and Drug Administration, or the SFDA, promulgated the Administrative Measures on
Internet Drug Information Service in July 2004 and certain implementing rules and notices thereafter. These
measures set out regulations governing the classification, application, approval, content, qualifications and
requirements for Internet drug information services. An ICP service operator that provides information regarding
drugs or medical equipment must obtain an Internet Drug Information Service Qualification Certificate from the
applicable provincial level counterpart of the SFDA.
Regulations on Internet News Publication
Publishing and disseminating news through the Internet are highly regulated in the PRC. On November 7,
2000, the State Council Information Office, or SCIO, and the MIIT jointly promulgated the Provisional Measures
for Administrating Internet Websites Carrying on the News Publication Business, or Internet News Measures.
These measures require an ICP operator (other than a government authorized news unit) to obtain the approval
from SCIO to publish news on its website or disseminate news through the Internet. Furthermore, any
disseminated news is required to be obtained from government-approved sources based on contracts between the
ICP operator and these sources. The copies of such contracts must be filed with relevant government authorities.
On September 25, 2005, the SCIO and the MIIT jointly issued the Provisions on the Administration of
Internet News Information Services, requiring Internet news information service organizations to provide services
as approved by the SCIO, subject to annual inspection under the new provisions. These Provisions also provide
that no Internet news information service organizations may take the form of a foreign invested enterprise,
whether jointly or wholly owned by the foreign investment, and no cooperation between Internet news information
service organizations and foreign invested enterprise is allowed before the SCIO completes the security evaluation.
Regulations on Internet Culture Activities
On February 17, 2011, the Ministry of Culture promulgated the Internet Culture Administration Tentative
Measures, or the Internet Culture Measures. The Internet Culture Measures require ICP operators engaging in
“Internet culture activities” to obtain a permit from the Ministry of Culture. The term “Internet culture activities”
includes, among other things, online dissemination of Internet cultural products (such as audio-video products,
gaming products, performances of plays or programs, works of art and cartoons) and the production, reproduction,
importation, publication and broadcasting of Internet cultural products.
On November 20, 2006, the Ministry of Culture issued Several Suggestions of the Ministry of Culture on the
Development and Administration of the Internet Music, or the Suggestions, which became effective on
November 20, 2006. The Suggestions, among other things, reiterate the requirement for the Internet service
provider to obtain an Internet culture business permit to carry on any business relating to Internet music products.
In addition, foreign investors are prohibited from operating Internet culture businesses. However, the laws and
regulations on Internet music products are still evolving, and there have not been any provisions stipulating
whether or how music video will be regulated by the Suggestions.
On August 18, 2009, the Ministry of Culture promulgated the Notice on Strengthening and Improving the
Content Review of Online Music. According to this notice, only “Internet culture operating entities” approved by
the Ministry of Culture may engage in the production, release, dissemination (including providing direct links to
music products) and importation of online music products. The content of online music must be reviewed by or
filed with the Ministry of Culture. Internet culture operating entities should establish a strict self-monitoring system
of online music content and set up a special department in charge of such monitoring.
90