Alipay also offers a mobile app, Alipay Wallet, which further facilitates mobile commerce and other consumer
services and digital transactions by making payment accessible and convenient through a mobile device. During the
twelve months ended March 31, 2016, there were over 450 million Alipay annual active users.
Local Services
Through investee companies, we are engaged in the online—to-ofﬂine, or 020, local services business involving
restaurants, food delivery, movie ticketing and retail stores, among others.
Koubei Restaurant and Local Services Guide
In 2015, we and Ant Financial Services set up the joint venture Koubei (E1 02?), one of the leading restaurant
and local services guide businesses in China. Koubei operates 020 services in conjunction with Alipay and
AutoNavi’s map navigation by generating demand to local establishments such as restaurants, supermarkets and
convenient stores by offering consumers a “closed loop” experience, from acquiring information on mobile to
finding the store to claiming discounts to payment. For the three months ended March 31, 2016, Koubei generated
RMB21 billion (US$3 billion) in GMV settled through Alipay with merchants.
Ele.Me Food Delivery
In March 2016, we jointly invested with Ant Financial Services in Ele.me (iii? /A), a leading food delivery
company in China. Consumers using the company’s food delivery app can order meals, snacks and beverages on a
mobile device. Through a delivery network of employed and outsourced personnel, the company’s service covered
over 300 cities in China as of March 31, 2016. Under a cooperation agreement with the company, food orders
generated from the Taobao App and Alipay Wallet are fulfilled by Ele.me.
Movie Ticketing
Alibaba Pictures, our equity investee and the ﬂagship unit of our movie business, operates an online movie
ticketing platform. In May 2016, the platform raised RMB1.7 billion Series A financing from a group of investors
led by CDH Investments, Ant Financial Services and Sina.com.
Customer Service for China Retail Marketplaces
Merchants on our platforms serve their customers with tools we provide. In addition, our customer service
representatives serve consumers and merchants on our marketplaces through telephone hotlines, real-time instant
messaging and online inquiry systems. Our dispute resolution system’s adjudication panel of experienced consumers
and merchants provides an easy way for consumers and merchants to resolve their disputes, while other more
complicated disputes are referred to our customer service representatives. In the twelve months ended March 31,
2016, we received dispute cases representing approximately 0.04% of annual orders placed on our China retail
marketplaces.
With certain exceptions, consumers on our China retail marketplaces may return the purchased goods within
seven days from their receipt. Alipay’s payment escrow services ensure efficient refunds. In addition, for qualified
buyers with good credit history, we may accelerate refund procedure by making the refund payment directly to the
buyer upon the buyer’s refund application and providing of proof of shipment for the return goods.
Transaction Platform Safety Programs
Preserving the integrity of our marketplaces is a top priority for us. We are committed to protecting
intellectual property rights and eradicating counterfeit merchandise and fictitious activities. Counterfeiting and
infringement of intellectual property, both online and offline, are industry—wide issues affecting brands and
merchants globally. We work with rights holders, trade associations and governments around the world.
78