Cloud Computing. We generate revenue from cloud computing services primarily from the time- and usage-
based provision of cloud computing services, such as elastic computing, database, storage and CDN, large scale
computing, security and management, and application services, as well as from web-hosting and domain name
registration.
Others. We generate revenue from mobile Internet services provided by UCWeb, as well as other businesses
such as AutoNavi, over—the-top TV services and YunOS. Other revenue also includes annual fees payable by Ant
Financial Services to us, calculated at 2.5% of the daily average book balance of the SME loans generated by the
SME loan business we transferred to Ant Financial Services upon the completion of the restructuring of our
relationship with Ant Financial Services in early February 2015. Prior to this sale, other revenue also included
interest income generated by the SME loan business.
Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations
Our Ability to Create Value for Our Users and Generate Revenue. Our ability to create value for our users and
generate revenue is driven by the factors described below:
° Number and engagement of consumers. Consumers are attracted to our marketplaces due to the breadth and
depth of product and service listings, relevant entertaining content and good customer experience. In
addition, our other businesses, for example, mobile media and entertainment businesses, and other
components of our ecosystem also drive the growth of number of consumers. The engagement of consumers
in our ecosystem is affected by our ability to continue to enhance and expand our product, service and
content offerings as well as user experience.
° Broader value oﬁered to merchants, brands and other businesses. The willingness of merchants, brands and
other businesses to pay us is affected by the efficiency and effectiveness of our products and services to help
them acquire and retain customers, build brand awareness and engagement, complete transactions, and
enhance their operating efficiency. We offer a complete suite of merchant services, including online software
tools, for customer relationship management, inventory and fulfillment management, storefront
management, mobile engagement, data insight, communication and productivity management. We also offer
third-party merchant services through our Taobao Services Platform.
° Empowering data and technology. Our ability to engage consumers and empower merchants, brands and
other businesses is affected by the breadth and depth of our data insights, such as the accuracy of our
shopping recommendations and of our targeted marketing, and our technology capabilities and
infrastructure, such as cloud computing, and our continued ability to develop scalable products and services
that adapt to the quickly evolving industry trends and consumer preferences.
Operating Leverage of Our Marketplace Business Model. Our business model has significant operating leverage
and our ecosystem enables us to realize structural cost savings. For example, Taobao Marketplace drives significant
traffic to Tmall as Tmall product listings also appear on Taobao Marketplace search result pages. In addition,
promotional slots purchased on Juhuasuan by Taobao Marketplace and Tmall merchants also drive consumers to
Taobao Marketplace and Tmall storefronts, thereby enabling merchants to introduce consumers to additional
product and service offerings beyond those featured on the particular Juhuasuan promotion and drive additional
user traffic. This network effect allows for lower traffic acquisition costs across our marketplaces. In addition, due
to the large number of consumers on our marketplaces, we are able to attract a large number of merchants, which
in turn provides a strong source of customers for our online marketing and storefront services. Merchants purchase
marketing services through a self-service platform on our China retail marketplaces. As a result, we do not rely on
a field sales force to generate revenue for our China retail marketplaces.
Our Investment in User Base, Technology, People and Infrastructure. We have made, and will continue to make,
significant investments in our platforms and ecosystem to attract consumers and merchants, enhance user
experience and expand the capabilities and scope of our platforms. We expect our investments will include
111