We may not have suﬁ‘icient insurance coverage to cover our business risks.
We have obtained insurance to cover certain potential risks and liabilities, such as property damage, business
interruptions and public liabilities. However, insurance companies in China offer limited business insurance
products. As a result, we may not be able to acquire any insurance for all types of risks we face in our operations
in China, and our coverage may not be adequate to compensate for all losses that may occur, particularly with
respect to loss of business or operations. We do not maintain product liability insurance, nor do we maintain
key-man life insurance. This could leave us exposed to potential claims and losses. Any business disruption,
litigation, regulatory action, outbreak of epidemic disease or natural disaster could also expose us to substantial
costs and diversion of resources. We cannot assure you that our insurance coverage is sufficient to prevent us from
any loss or that we will be able to successfully claim our losses under our current insurance policy on a timely
basis, or at all. If we incur any loss that is not covered by our insurance policies, or the compensated amount is
significantly less than our actual loss, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially
and adversely affected.
An occurrence of a natural disaster; widespread health epidemic or other outbreaks could have a material adverse eﬁect on
our business, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
Our business could be materially and adversely affected by natural disasters, such as snowstorms, earthquakes,
fires or ﬂoods, the outbreak of a widespread health epidemic, such as swine ﬂu, avian inﬂuenza, severe acute
respiratory syndrome, or SARS, Ebola or other events, such as wars, acts of terrorism, environmental accidents,
power shortage or communication interruptions. The occurrence of such a disaster or a prolonged outbreak of an
epidemic illness or other adverse public health developments in China or elsewhere in the world could materially
disrupt our business and operations. These events could also significantly impact our industry and cause a
temporary closure of the facilities we use for our operations, which would severely disrupt our operations and have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations could be
disrupted if any of our employees or employees of our business partners were suspected of having the swine ﬂu,
avian inﬂuenza, SARS, Ebola, or other epidemical diseases, since this could require us or our business partners to
quarantine some or all of these employees or disinfect the facilities used for our operations. In addition, our
revenue and profitability could be materially reduced to the extent that a natural disaster, health epidemic or other
outbreak harms the global or PRC economy in general. Our operations could also be severely disrupted if our
consumers, merchants or other participants were affected by natural disasters, health epidemics or other outbreaks.
Risks Related to our Corporate Structure
The Alibaba Partnership and related voting agreements limit the ability of our shareholders to nominate and elect
directors.
Our articles of association allow the Alibaba Partnership to nominate or, in limited situations, appoint a
simple majority of our board of directors. If at any time our board of directors consists of less than a simple
majority of directors nominated or appointed by the Alibaba Partnership for any reason, including because a
director previously nominated by the Alibaba Partnership ceases to be a member of our board of directors or
because the Alibaba Partnership had previously not exercised its right to nominate or appoint a simple majority of
our board of directors, the Alibaba Partnership will be entitled (in its sole discretion) to nominate or appoint such
number of additional directors to the board as necessary to ensure that the directors nominated or appointed by
the Alibaba Partnership comprise a simple majority of our board of directors.
In addition, we have entered into a voting agreement pursuant to which SoftBank, Yahoo, Jack Ma and Joe
Tsai have agreed to vote their shares in favor of the Alibaba Partnership director nominees at each annual general
shareholders meeting for so long as SoftBank owns at least 15% of our outstanding ordinary shares. Furthermore,
the voting agreement provides that SoftBank has the right to nominate one director to our board until SoftBank
owns less than 15 % of our outstanding ordinary shares, and that right is also reﬂected in our articles of
association. In addition, pursuant to the voting agreement, Yahoo, Jack Ma and Joe Tsai have agreed to vote their
33