ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
1. Organization and principal activities
Alibaba Group Holding Limited (the “Company,” and where appropriate, the term “Company” also refers to
its subsidiaries and variable interest entities as a whole), was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on June 28,
1999. The Company is a holding company and conducts its businesses primarily through its subsidiaries and
variable interest entities (“VIEs”). The Company is principally engaged in online and mobile commerce
through offering of products, services and technology that enable merchants, brands and other businesses to
transform the way they market, sell and operate in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC” or “China”)
and internationally. Major shareholders of the Company include SoftBank Corp. (“SoftBank”) and
Yahoo! Inc. (“Yahoo”).
The Company’s core commerce business is comprised of marketplaces operating in retail commerce in China,
wholesale commerce in China and international and cross-border commerce. Retail commerce in China
operated by the Company includes the China online commerce destination (“Taobao Marketplace”);
(ii) the China third-party platform for brands and retailers (“Tmall”) and (iii) the sales and marketing
platform for ﬂash sales (“Juhuasuan”). Wholesale commerce in China operated by the Company includes the
China domestic wholesale marketplace (“1688.com”). International and cross-border commerce operated by
the Company includes the global marketplace targeting consumers from around the world to buy directly
from manufacturers and distributors in China (“AliExpress”); (ii) a platform within the Tmall for overseas
brands and retailers to reach Chinese consumers without the need for physical operations in China (“Tmall
Global”) and (iii) the wholesale marketplace for global trade (‘iAlibabacom”).
In addition, the Company is a provider of public cloud services which offers a complete suite of cloud services:
including elastic computing, database, storage and content delivery network, large scale computing, security
and management and application services, to third-party customers (“Alibaba Cloud Computing”). The
Company also operates business in mobile media and entertainment through three distribution platforms,
UCWeb mobile media, game publishing and multi-screen entertainment as well as content creation and
production companies in film, music and sports. The Company also participates in the logistics and local
services sectors through investments in Cainiao Network (Note 4(w)) and Koubei (Note 4(n)), respectively. In
addition, the Company has a profit sharing interest in Ant Financial Services (Note 4(b)), the financial
services group that operates through Alipay.com Co., Ltd. (“Alipay”), a third-party online payment platform in
China. The Company makes available online payment processing services (“Payment Services”) on its
marketplaces through an arrangement with Alipay.
The Company derives substantially all of its revenue from the PRC.
2. Summary of significant accounting policies
(a) Basis of presentation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (“US GAAP”).
Translations of balances in the consolidated balance sheet, consolidated income statement, consolidated
statement of comprehensive income and statement of cash ﬂows from Renminbi (“RMB”) into the United
States Dollar (“USES”) as of and for the year ended March 31, 2016 are solely for the convenience of the
readers and were calculated at the rate of US$1.00=RMB6.4480, representing the exchange rate set forth in
the H10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board on March 31, 2016. No representation is made that
the RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted, realized or settled into US$ at that rate on
March 31, 2016, or at any other rate.
F-13