Regulations on Broadcasting Audio/Video Programs through the Internet
On July 6, 2004, the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television, or the SARFT, promulgated the
Rules for the Administration of Broadcasting of Audio/Video Programs through the Internet and Other
Information Networks, or the Audio/Video Broadcasting Rules. The Audio/Video Broadcasting Rules apply to the
launch, broadcasting, aggregation, transmission or download of audio/video programs via the Internet and other
information networks. Anyone who wishes to engage in Internet broadcasting activities must first obtain an audio/
video program transmission license, with a term of two years, issued by the SARFT and operate pursuant to the
scope as provided in such license. Foreign invested enterprises are not allowed to engage in these businesses.
On April 13, 2005, the State Council announced Several Decisions on Investment by Non-state-owned
Companies in Culture-related Business in China. These decisions encourage and support non-state-owned
companies to enter certain culture-related business in China, subject to restrictions and prohibitions for investment
in audio/video broadcasting, website news and certain other businesses by non-state-owned companies. These
decisions authorize the SARFT, the Ministry of Culture and the General Administration of Press and Publication,
or the GAPP, to adopt detailed implementing rules according to these decisions.
On December 20, 2007, the SARFT and the MIIT jointly issued the Rules for the Administration of Internet
Audio and Video Program Services, commonly known as Circular 56, which came into effect as of January 31, 2008
and was amended on August 28, 2015. Circular 56 reiterates the requirement set forth in the Audio/Video
Broadcasting Rules that online audio/video service providers must obtain a license from the SARFT. Furthermore,
Circular 56 requires all online audio/video service providers to be either wholly state-owned or state-controlled.
According to relevant official answers to press questions published on the SARFT’s website dated February 3,
2008, officials from the SARFT and the MIIT clarified that online audio/video service providers that already had
been operating lawfully prior to the issuance of Circular 56 may re-register and continue to operate without
becoming state-owned or controlled, provided that such providers have not engaged in any unlawful activities. This
exemption will not be granted to online audio/video service providers established after Circular 56 was issued.
These policies have been reﬂected in the Application Procedure for Audio/Video Program Transmission License.
On March 17, 2010, the SARFT issued the Internet Audio/Video Program Services Categories (Provisional),
or the Provisional Categories, which classified Internet audio/video programs into four categories. Category I is
only open to state-owned broadcast media companies operating in the television section, and the other three
categories are open to privately held entities.
In 2009, the SARFT released a Notice on Strengthening the Administration of Online Audio/Video Content.
This notice reiterated, among other things, that all movies and television shows released or published online must
comply with relevant regulations on the administration of radio, film and television. In other words, these movies
and television shows, whether produced in the PRC or overseas, must be pre-approved by the SARFT, and the
distributors of these movies and television shows must obtain an applicable permit before releasing any such movie
or television show. In 2012, the SARFT and the State Internet Information Office of the PRC issued a Notice on
Improving the Administration of Online Audio/Video Content Including Internet Drama and Micro Films. In 2014,
the General Administration of Press and Publication, Radio, Film and Television, or GAPPRFT, formerly the
SARFT and the GAPP, released a Supplemental Notice on Improving the Administration of Online Audio/Video
Content Including Internet Drama and Micro Films. This notice stresses that entities producing online audio/video
content, such as Internet dramas and micro films, must obtain a permit for radio and television program
production and operation, and that online audio/video content service providers should not release any Internet
dramas or micro films that were produced by any entity lacking such permit. For Internet dramas or micro films
produced and uploaded by individual users, the online audio/video service providers transmitting such content will
be deemed responsible as the producer. Further, under this notice, online audio/video service providers can only
transmit content uploaded by individuals whose identity has been verified and such content must comply with the
relevant content management rules. This notice also requires that online audio/video content, include Internet
drama and micro films, be filed with the relevant authorities before release.
88