help of service center operators whom we call Rural Taobao Partners. Goods ordered online are delivered to
county-level stations and then distributed by local couriers to service centers in the villages for pick up. As of
March 31, 2016, we had service centers in over 14,000 rural villages. Coordinated by Cainiao Network, almost all
packages can be delivered from the county-level station to a village service center the next day.
Our Rural Taobao program also helps Chinese rural villages to create a production economy by enabling
village residents to sell items, such as agricultural products, directly to urban consumers. For example, the program
facilitated farmers in the southern part of Jiangxi province, to sell more than 250 tonnes of oranges during the
16-day Ali Chinese New Year Shopping Festival in 2016, helping the region establish its reputation for quality
oranges. The program also assisted rice farmers in Zhaoyuan, a small city in Heilongjiang province, with an
innovative pre-order campaign where consumers placed their orders six months ahead of harvest and delivery.
Despite the lack of e-commerce experience among the Zhaoyuan rice farmers, Zhaoyuan has since become a
top-selling region for rice on our China retail marketplaces in 2016, attracting large orders from corporations, such
as national airlines and state-owned enterprises.
Through our Rural Taobao program, we are pioneering a two-way distribution infrastructure to connect
commerce between cities and rural areas in China. We believe Rural Taobao brings significant benefits to rural
residents by improving their quality of life, and to brands and manufacturers who wish to extend their reach by
accessing China’s vast rural population.
Merchant services
While most users experience our China retail marketplaces as a consumer, we have also invested substantially
in our relationship with merchants and brands through development of merchant services, including online software
tools. These services enable merchants and brands to manage engagement with their customers and operate more
efficiently. We believe offering reliable and useful services to merchants and brands helps to enhance their loyalty
to our platform. These merchant services include:
° Customer relationship management. We provide online store owners the capability to tag and manage their
customers who have visited their storefronts by attributes such as demographic characteristics and shopping
preferences. This capability enables the store owner to personalize online storefront for each visitor.
° Inventory and fulﬁllment management. We provide a data standardization platform to aggregate inventory
data and facilitate data exchange between different enterprise systems efficiently, so that retailers can fulfill
their online orders from any of their warehouses or offline stores.
° Storefront management. We provide a suite of tools that assist storefront owners on Taobao Marketplace and
Tmall to manage their storefronts, free of charge. Advanced versions of storefront management software for
upgrades and decorations are available for a subscription fee. We also offer a free seller management “light
app” within our Taobao App that allows merchants to set up and manage their storefronts directly using
their mobile phones.
° Mobile engagement. We offer a multi-media news feed channel on Taobao App and Tmall App for
consumers to follow the latest news and videos posted by merchants and brands they have bookmarked.
This feature enables merchants and brands to engage and interact with consumers wherever they are.
0 Data insight. We offer a secured cloud data insight platform that offers sophisticated data analytic services
such as customer data aggregation, brand marketing and product cycle management services.
° Communication. Merchants can use our proprietary instant messenger to communicate with and provide
customer service to consumers. The instant messaging tool supports text, audio and video communication on
PC and mobile.
° Productivity management. We provide an integrated platform for productivity management that allows
merchants to access our suite of software tools in storefront management, communications and marketing
services through a unified interface.
70