ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
4. Signiﬁcant equity transactions, restructuring transactions, mergers and acquisitions and equity investments
(Continued)
Equity transactions and acquisitions that were not completed as of March 31, 2016
(X) Investment in Lazada Group SA. (“Lazada”)
In April 2016, the Company completed an acquisition of a controlling stake in Lazada for a total cash
consideration of US$10 billion (RMB6.5 billion). Lazada operates e-commerce platforms in Indonesia,
Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam, with local language websites and mobile apps in
each of the six markets.
Lazada offers third-party brands and merchants a marketplace solution with simple and direct access to
consumers in these six countries through one retail channel. It also sells products owned by its retail
operations and has developed its own logistics infrastructure with warehouses and a last-mile delivery ﬂeet to
offer quick and reliable delivery to its customers. The Company intends that Lazada will be the vehicle for
expansion into the Southeast Asia consumer market, including potential cross-border opportunities introducing
Chinese merchants and international brands to Southeast Asian consumers.
Lazada became a consolidated subsidiary of the Company after the completion of the transaction. In
connection with the transaction, the Company entered into a put and call arrangement with certain Lazada
shareholders, giving the Company the right to purchase, and the shareholders the right to sell collectively,
their remaining equity interest in Lazada at fair market value during a six-month period after the first
anniversary of the closing of the transaction. Upon the issuance of these consolidated financial statements, the
accounting for such business combination, including the purchase price allocation, has not been finalized.
(y) Investment in media business of SCMP Group Limited
In April 2016, the Company completed an acquisition of the media business of SCMP Group Limited, a
company that is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, at a cash consideration of PH<$2.1 billion
(RMB1.8 billion). Apart from the ﬂagship South China Morning Post, the premier English newspaper in Hong
Kong, the Company also acquired the magazine, recruitment, outdoor media, events and conferences,
education and digital media businesses of SCMP Group Limited. The acquired companies became wholly-
owned subsidiaries of the Company after the completion of the transaction. Upon the issuance of these
consolidated financial statements, the accounting for such business combination, including the purchase price
allocation, has not been finalized.
(2) Investment in AGTech Holdings Limited (“AGTech”)
In March 2016, an investment vehicle which is 60% owned by the Company and 40% owned by Ant Financial
Services, entered into a subscription agreement to subscribe for newly issued ordinary shares of AGTech
representing an approximately 51% equity interest in AGTech. AGTech is an integrated lottery technology and
services company in the PRC that is listed on the Hong Kong Growth Enterprise Market. The total cash
consideration is expected to approximate HK$1,675 million (RMB1,397 million). In addition, the investment
vehicle will subscribe for convertible bonds for a purchase price of approximately HK$713 million
(RMB595 million), which are convertible into ordinary shares of AGTech. Upon the conversion of the
convertible bonds, the investment vehicle’s equity interest in AGTech would be increased to approximately
59%. The completion of this transaction is subject to a number of customary closing conditions including the
approval by shareholders and certain regulatory authorities.
F-53