materially and adversely affect our results of operations. See “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and
Prospects — A. Operating Results — Taxation — PRC Income Tax.”
We and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises
or other assets attributed to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company, or other assets attributable to a PRC
establishment of a non-PRC company.
On February 3, 2015, the State Administration of Taxation issued the Bulletin on Issues of Enterprise Income
Tax on Indirect Transfers of Assets by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises, or Bulletin 7, which replaced or
supplemented certain previous rules under the Notice on Strengthening Administration of Enterprise Income Tax
for Share Transfers by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises, or Circular 698, issued by the State Administration of
Taxation, on December 10, 2009. Pursuant to this Bulletin, an “indirect transfer” of assets, including equity
interests in a PRC resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident enterprises may be recharacterized and treated as a
direct transfer of PRC taxable assets, if such arrangement does not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was
established for the purpose of avoiding payment of PRC enterprise income tax. As a result, gains derived from
such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax.
According to Bulletin 7, “PRC taxable assets” include assets attributed to an establishment or a place of
business in China, immoveable properties located in China, and equity investments in PRC resident enterprises, in
respect of which gains from their transfer by a direct holder, being a non-PRC resident enterprise, would be
subject to PRC enterprise income taxes. When determining whether there is a “reasonable commercial purpose” of
the transaction arrangement, factors to be taken into consideration include: whether the main value of the equity
interest of the relevant offshore enterprise directly or indirectly derives from PRC taxable assets; whether the
assets of the relevant offshore enterprise mainly consists of direct or indirect investment in China or if its income
mainly derives from China, directly or indirectly; whether the offshore enterprise and its subsidiaries directly or
indirectly holding PRC taxable assets have real commercial nature which is evidenced by their actual function and
risk exposure; the duration of existence of the business model and organizational structure; the foreign income tax
liabilities arising from the indirect transfer of PRC taxable assets; the replicability of the transaction by direct
transfer of PRC taxable assets; and the applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements. In respect of an indirect
offshore transfer of assets of a PRC establishment or place of business, the resulting gain is to be included with the
enterprise income tax filing of the PRC establishment or place of business being transferred, and would
consequently be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25%. Where the underlying transfer relates to
the immoveable properties located in China or to equity investments in a PRC resident enterprise, which is not
related to a PRC establishment or place of business of a non-resident enterprise, a PRC enterprise income tax at
10% would apply, subject to available preferential tax treatment under applicable tax treaties or similar
arrangements, and the party who is obligated to make the transfer payments has the withholding obligation. Where
the payor fails to withhold any or sufficient tax, the transferor shall declare and pay such tax to the tax authority
by itself within the statutory time limit. Late payment of applicable tax will subject the transferor to default
interest. Bulletin 7 does not apply to transactions of sale of shares by investors through a public stock exchange
where such shares were acquired from a transaction through a public stock exchange.
There are uncertainties as to the application of Bulletin 7. Bulletin 7 may be determined by the tax authorities
to be applicable to some of our offshore restructuring transactions or sale of the shares of our offshore subsidiaries
or investments where PRC taxable assets are involved. The transferors and transferees may be subject to the tax
filing and withholding or tax payment obligation, while our PRC subsidiaries may be requested to assist in the
filing. Furthermore, we, our non-resident enterprises and PRC subsidiaries may be required to spend valuable
resources to comply with Bulletin 7 or to establish that we and our non-resident enterprises should not be taxed
under Bulletin 7, for our previous and future restructuring or disposal of shares of our offshore subsidiaries, which
may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
The PRC tax authorities have the discretion under Circular 698/Bulletin 7 to make adjustments to the taxable
capital gains based on the difference between the fair value of the taxable assets transferred and the cost of
investment. If the PRC tax authorities make adjustments to the taxable income of the transactions under
47