Director Masayoshi Son, General Counsel and Secretary Timothy A. Steinert, and 34 separate underwriters of our
initial public offering. It alleges that our company, our senior officers who signed the registration statement, and
the underwriters made material misrepresentations in our initial offering materials similar to those alleged in the
above federal consolidated complaint.
We filed a demurrer for failure to state a claim and lack of subject matter jurisdiction in response to the
consolidated complaint on May 6, 2016. Briefing on the demurrer is expected to be complete in July 2016.
Regulatory Inquiry
Pending SEC Inquiry
Earlier this year, the SEC informed us that it was initiating an investigation into whether there have been any
violations of the federal securities laws. The SEC has requested that we voluntarily provide it with documents and
information relating to, among other things: our consolidation policies and practices (including our accounting for
Cainiao Network as an equity method investee), our policies and practices applicable to related party transactions
in general, and our reporting of operating data from Singles Day. We are voluntarily disclosing this SEC request
for information and cooperating with the SEC and, through our legal counsel, have been providing the SEC with
requested documents and information. The SEC advised us that the initiation of a request for information should
not be construed as an indication by the SEC or its staff that any violation of the federal securities laws has
occurred.
Concluded SEC Inquiry
On January 30, 2015, following the release of the so-called SAIC “white paper,” the SEC initiated a
non-public inquiry into whether any violations of the federal securities laws had occurred. The SEC advised us that
the existence of the inquiry should not be construed as an indication by the SEC or its Staff that we or any of our
officers or directors had violated any of the federal securities laws. As part of its inquiry, the SEC requested that
we voluntarily provide certain information. The SEC’s initial information request covered background facts and
other information related to our interaction with the SAIC, and related matters. In September 2015, the SEC
notified us that it had concluded its inquiry and, based on the information it had received, it did not intend to
recommend an enforcement action against us.
Kering Lawsuit
In May 2015, we were named as a defendant in a lawsuit filed in the Southern District of New York by Gucci
America Inc., Balenciaga S.A., Balenciaga America, Inc., Bottega Veneta S.A., Bottega Veneta Inc., Yves Saint
Laurent America, Inc., Luxury Goods International (L.G.I.) SA. and Kering SA. The case is captioned Gucci
America, Inc. et ol. v. Alibobo Group Holding Ltd. et al., No. 15-cv-03784-PKC (S.D.N.Y.). A second amended
complaint was filed in September 2015. The complaint generally alleges that merchants on our marketplaces sold
allegedly counterfeit or otherwise trademark infringing merchandise, purportedly with our actual or constructive
knowledge, and that we purportedly supported such merchants and merchandise. In their complaint, the plaintiffs
assert multiple claims against our company and seek unspecified damages. We filed a motion to dismiss Plaintiffs’
Racketeer Inﬂuenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, or RICO, claims in October 2015 and this motion is pending
before the Court. Discovery on other claims is proceeding.
188