The audit report included in this annual report is prepared by auditors who are not inspected fully by the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board and, as such, our shareholders are deprived of the beneﬁts of such inspection.
As an auditor of companies that are publicly traded in the United States and a firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board, or PCAOB, PricewaterhouseCoopers is required under the laws of the
United States to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB. However, because we have substantial operations
within the People’s Republic of China, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections
without the approval of the Chinese government authorities, our auditor and its audit work is not currently
inspected fully by the PCAOB.
Inspections of other auditors conducted by the PCAOB outside of China have at times identified deficiencies
in those auditors’ audit procedures and quality control procedures, which may be addressed as part of the
inspection process to improve future audit quality. The lack of PCAOB inspections of audit work undertaken in
China prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our auditor’s audits and its quality control procedures. As a
result, shareholders may be deprived of the benefits of PCAOB inspections, and may lose confidence in our
reported financial information and procedures and the quality of our financial statements.
Restrictions on the direct production of audit work papers to foreign regulators could result in our ﬁnancial statements
being determined to not be in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act.
In late 2012, the SEC commenced administrative proceedings under Rule 102(e) of its Rules of Practice and
also under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 against the mainland Chinese affiliates of the “big four” accounting
firms, including the affiliate of our auditor, and also against Dahua, the former BDO affiliate in China. The
Rule 102(e) proceedings initiated by the SEC related to the failure of these firms to produce documents, including
audit work papers, in response to the request of the SEC pursuant to Section 106 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, as the auditors located in China are not in a position lawfully to produce documents directly to the SEC
because of restrictions under PRC law and specific directives issued by the CSRC. The issues raised by the
proceedings are not specific to the Chinese affiliate of our auditor or to us, but potentially affect equally all
PCAOB-registered audit firms based in China and all businesses based in China (or with substantial operations in
China) with securities listed in the United States. In addition, auditors based outside of China are subject to
similar restrictions under PRC law and CSRC directives in respect of audit work that is carried out in China which
supports the audit opinions issued on financial statements of entities with substantial China operations.
In February 2015, each of the “big four” accounting firms agreed to a censure and to pay a fine to the SEC to
settle the dispute with the SEC. The settlement stays the current proceeding for four years, during which time the
firms are required to follow detailed procedures to seek to provide the SEC with access to Chinese firms’ audit
documents via the CSRC. If a firm does not follow the procedures, the SEC would impose penalties such as
suspensions, or commence a new, expedited administrative proceeding against the non-compliant firm or it could
restart the administrative proceeding against all four firms. In addition, the limitations imposed by the PRC on the
production of workpapers reﬂecting audit work performed in the PRC could likewise result in penalties, such as
suspensions of our audit firm’s ability to practice before the SEC.
If our independent registered public accounting firm, or the affiliate of our independent registered public
accounting firm, were denied, even temporarily, the ability to practice before the SEC, we would need to consider
alternate support arrangements for the audit of our operations in China. If our auditor, or an affiliate of that firm,
were unable to address issues related to the production of documents, and we were unable to timely find another
independent registered public accounting firm to audit and issue an opinion on our financial statements, our
financial statements could be determined to not be in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act. Such
a determination could ultimately lead to delisting of our ADSs from the New York Stock Exchange or
deregistration from the SEC, or both. This would materially and adversely affect the market price of our ADSs
and substantially reduce or effectively terminate the trading of our ADSs in the United States.
49