0 a track record of contribution to the business of Alibaba Group; and
° being a “culture carrier” who shows a consistent commitment to, and traits and actions consonant with, our
mission, vision and values.
We believe the criteria and process of the Alibaba Partnership applicable to the election of new partners, as
described above, promote accountability among the partners as well as to our customers, employees and
shareholders. In order to align the interests of partners with the interests of our shareholders, we require that each
partner maintain a meaningful level of equity interests in our company during such individual’s tenure as a partner.
Since a partner nominee must have been our employee or an employee of one of our related companies or
affiliates for at least five years, as of the time he or she becomes a partner, he or she will typically already own or
have been awarded a personally meaningful level of equity interest in our company through our equity incentive
and share purchase plans.
Duties of Partners
The main duty of partners in their capacity as partners is to embody and promote our mission, vision and
values. We expect partners to be evangelists for our mission, vision and values, both within our organization and
externally to customers, business partners and other participants in our ecosystem.
Partnership Committee
The partnership committee must consist of at least five partners and is currently comprised of Jack Ma, Joe
Tsai, Jonathan Lu, Lucy Peng and Ming Zeng. The partnership committee is responsible for administering partner
elections and allocating the relevant portion of the annual cash bonus pool for all partner members of
management, with any amounts payable to partners who are our executive officers or directors or members of the
partnership committee subject to approval of the compensation committee of our board of directors. Partnership
committee members serve for a term of three years and may serve multiple terms. Elections of partnership
committee members are held once every three years. Prior to each election, the partnership committee will
nominate a number of partners equal to the number of partnership committee members that will serve in the next
partnership committee term plus three additional nominees. Each partner votes for a number of nominees equal to
the number of partnership committee members that will serve in the next partnership committee term and all
except the three nominees who receive the least votes from the partners are elected to the partnership committee.
Director Nomination and Appointment Rights
Pursuant to our articles of association, the Alibaba Partnership has the exclusive right to nominate or, in
limited situations, appoint up to a simple majority of the members of our board of directors.
The election of each director nominee of the Alibaba Partnership will be subject to the director nominee
receiving a majority vote from our shareholders voting at an annual general meeting of shareholders. If an Alibaba
Partnership director nominee is not elected by our shareholders or after election departs our board of directors for
any reason, the Alibaba Partnership has the right to appoint a different person to serve as an interim director of
the class in which the vacancy exists until our next scheduled annual general meeting of shareholders. At the next
scheduled annual general meeting of shareholders, the appointed interim director or a replacement Alibaba
Partnership director nominee (other than the original nominee) will stand for election for the remainder of the
term of the class of directors to which the original nominee would have belonged.
If at any time our board of directors consists of less than a simple majority of directors nominated or
appointed by the Alibaba Partnership for any reason, including because a director previously nominated by the
Alibaba Partnership ceases to be a member of our board of directors or because the Alibaba Partnership had
previously not exercised its right to nominate or appoint a simple majority of our board of directors, the Alibaba
Partnership will be entitled (in its sole discretion and without the need for any additional shareholder action) to
157