Distributed Relational Database
OceanBase, our proprietary distributed relational database management system, plays a critical role in
supporting transaction processing on our marketplaces in a cost-efficient manner.
Search and Online Marketing
Our standard product unit database, or SPU database, is built on the vast amount of items listed on Taobao
Marketplace and Tmall. The comprehensive transactional and user behavior data generated on our marketplaces
enable us to construct a powerful search engine that generates personalized results.
Our online marketing technology platform supports millions of online marketers and delivers tens of billions
of online marketing impressions every day. Our online marketing technology enables us to continuously improve
the effectiveness of our online marketing services for our merchants through the use of aggregated behavioral
targeting data and analytics.
Deep Learning
Alimama utilizes cloud-based deep learning extensively to enhance the consumer targeting efficiency and
return on investments for online marketers of our P4P marketing, display marketing and DMP service offerings.
Supported by our Apsara cloud computing system, Alimama operates a cluster of servers that is capable of
analyzing terabytes of data points for the modeling of tens of billions online marketing impressions.
Security
We are committed to maintaining a secure e-commerce ecosystem. Our back-end security system handles
hundreds of millions of instances of malicious attacks each day to safeguard the security of our e-commerce and
cloud platforms.
Multi-Region Availability
Compared to social media platforms, the data availability and security requirement for transactions platforms
are higher. Our transaction system is kept live and available in data centers in multiple regions in China. This
configuration provides more scalability, stability and redundancy than the traditional redundancy configurations.
YunOS
Our YunOS is a cloud-based mobile operating system for smartphones, Internet of Things devices, set-top
boxes, smart televisions and smart cars, among others. With YunOS, users can conveniently and securely
synchronize data, such as call data, text messages and photos, across their devices through the cloud. System level
based HS/Web, dynamic service linking and unified data technologies, as well as a multi-level security framework
enable developers to deliver location-based and contextual Internet services with a focus on the data needs
of users.
Sales and Marketing
As Taobao Marketplace is China’s largest online shopping destination, we enjoy significant organic traffic
through word-of—mouth and general awareness of our brand and platform. We believe word-of-mouth, and the
reputation and ubiquitous awareness of our brand and platforms in China and, increasingly, abroad, provide us
with the best and most cost-efficient marketing channel. We employ a variety of methods to attract potential
merchants and consumers, paying members, online marketers and other ecosystem participants and to promote
our brands.
81