° Alibaba.com Investment Holding Limited, a company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of
the British Virgin Islands, which is the direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba.com Limited and a lower
level holding company of the PRC subsidiaries relating to our Alibaba.com, 1688.com and AliExpress
businesses.
0 Alibaba Investment Limited, a company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the British
Virgin Islands, which is our wholly-owned subsidiary and the principal holding company for our strategic
investments.
The principal executive offices of our main operations are located at 969 West Wen Yi Road, Yu Hang
District, Hangzhou 311121, People’s Republic of China. Our telephone number at this address is
+86-571-8502-2077. Our registered office in the Cayman Islands is located at the offices of Trident Trust Company
(Cayman) Limited, Fourth Floor, One Capital Place, PO. Box 847, George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands.
Our agent for service of process in the United States is Corporation Service Company located at 1180 Avenue of
the Americas, Suite 210, New York, New York 10036. Our corporate website is www.czlibabagroupcom.
We have a demonstrated track record of successful organic business creation. In addition to organic growth,
we have made, or have entered into agreements to make strategic investments, acquisitions and alliances that are
intended to increase our service offerings and expand our capabilities. See “Item 5. Operating and Financial
Review and Prospects — A. Operating Results — Recent Investment, Acquisition and Strategic Alliance Activities”
for more information.
Initial Public Offering
In September 2014, we completed our initial public offering, in which we and certain selling shareholders
offered and sold an aggregate of 368,122,000 ordinary shares in the form of ADSs. We received approximately
US$10 billion in proceeds before expenses. Our ADSs are listed on the NYSE under the symbol “BABA.”
Share Repurchase Program
On August 12, 2015, we announced the implementation of a share repurchase program in an aggregate
amount of up to US$4 billion over a period of two years, or the Share Repurchase Program. We have repurchased
ADSs representing our ordinary shares on the open market under purchase plans adopted to implement the Share
Repurchase Program. In addition, Jack Ma, our executive chairman, and Joe Tsai, our executive vice chairman,
have jointly entered into our plans as affiliated purchasers. See “Item 16E. Purchases of Equity Securities by the
Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers.”
B. Business Overview
Our Mission
Our mission is to make it easy to do business anywhere.
Our founders started our company to champion small businesses, in the belief that the Internet would level
the playing field by enabling small enterprises to leverage innovation and technology to grow and compete more
effectively in the domestic and global economies. We believe that concentrating on customer needs and solving
their problems — whether those customers are consumers or merchants — ultimately will lead to the best outcome
for our business. We have developed a large ecosystem for online and mobile commerce that enables participants
to create and share value on our platform. Our decisions are guided by how they serve our mission over the
long-term, not by the pursuit of short-term gains.
Our Vision
We aim to build the future infrastructure of commerce. We envision that our customers will meet, work and
live at Alibaba, and that we will be a company that lasts at least 102 years.
56