° dissatisfaction with Alipay’s services or lower use of Alipay by consumers and merchants;
° changes to rules or practices applicable to payment card systems that link to Alipay;
° breach of customers’ personal information and concerns over the use and security of any collected
information;
° service outages, system failures or failure to effectively scale the system to handle large and growing
transaction volumes; and
0 failure to manage funds accurately or loss of funds, whether due to employee fraud, security breaches,
technical errors or otherwise.
In addition, certain commercial banks in China impose limits on the amounts that may be transferred by
automatic payment from customers’ bank accounts to their linked accounts with third-party payment services.
Although we believe the impact of these restrictions has not been and will not be significant in terms of the overall
volume of payments processed for our China retail marketplaces, and automatic payment services linked to bank
accounts represent only one of many payment mechanisms that consumers may use to settle transactions, we
cannot predict whether these and any additional restrictions that could be put in place would have a material
adverse effect on our marketplaces.
In addition, Alipay’s business is highly regulated. Alipay is required to comply with numerous complex and
evolving laws, rules and regulations and faces the risk of failure to manage its regulatory risks. In particular,
regulators and third parties in China have been increasing their focus on online and mobile payment services, and
recent regulatory and other developments could reduce the convenience or utility of Alipay users’ accounts. See
“— We and Ant Financial Services are subject to a broad range of laws and regulations, and future laws and
regulations may impose additional requirements and other obligations on our business or otherwise that could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations,” and “Item 4.
Information on the Company — B. Business Overview — Regulation — Regulation Applicable to Alipay.”
If we needed to migrate to another third-party payment service, the transition would require significant time
and management resources, and the third-party payment service may not be as effective, efficient or well-received
by consumers and merchants on our marketplaces. These third-party payment services also may not provide escrow
services, and we may not be able to receive commissions based on GMV transacted through these systems. We
would also no longer have the benefit of the commercial agreement with Ant Financial Services and Alipay and
would likely be required to pay more for payment processing and escrow services than we currently pay. There can
be no assurance that we would be able to reach an agreement with an alternative online payments service on
acceptable terms or at all.
We do not control Alipay or its parent entity, Ant Financial Services, over which Jack Ma effectively controls a majority of
the voting interests. If conﬂicts that could arise between us and Alipay or Ant Financial Services are not resolved in our
favor; they could have a negative effect on our ecosystem and materially and adversely aﬁect our business, ﬁnancial
condition, results of operations and prospects.
Although we rely on Alipay to conduct substantially all of the payment processing and all of the escrow
services on our marketplaces, we do not have any control over Alipay. Alipay provides payment services to us on
preferential terms pursuant to our long-term commercial agreement with Ant Financial Services and Alipay.
Following the divestment and subsequent equity holding restructuring related to Ant Financial Services, an entity
controlled by Jack Ma, our executive chairman, became the general partner of Hangzhou Junhan Equity
Investment Partnership, or Junhan, a PRC limited partnership, and Junao Equity Investment Partnership, or Junao,
a PRC limited partnership, which are two major equity holders of Alipay’s parent, Ant Financial Services.
Accordingly, Jack has an economic interest in Ant Financial Services and is able to exercise the voting power of
the major shareholders of Ant Financial Services. We understand that through the exercise of this voting power,
Jack continues to control a substantial majority of the voting interests in Ant Financial Services.
13