We cannot assure you that these individuals will always act in the best interests of our company should any
conﬂicts of interest arise, or that any conﬂicts of interest will always be resolved in our favor. We also cannot
assure you that these individuals will ensure that the variable interest entities will not breach the existing
contractual arrangements. If we cannot resolve any such conﬂicts of interest or any related disputes, we would have
to rely on legal proceedings to resolve these disputes and/or take enforcement action under the contractual
arrangements. There is substantial uncertainty as to the outcome of any such legal proceedings. See “— Any
failure by our variable interest entities or their equity holders to perform their obligations under the contractual
arrangements would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.”
Furthermore, a company controlled by Jack serves as one of the general partners of a PRC limited partnership
that made a minority investment in Wasu. Yuzhu Shi, the founder, chairman and a principal shareholder of Giant
Interactive, a China-based online game company that was previously listed on the New York Stock Exchange, and
an entrepreneur with significant experience in and knowledge of the media industry in China, serves as the other
general partner and the executive partner. The interest of the general partner controlled by Jack in the limited
partnership is limited to a return of its RMB10,000 capital contribution. In addition, Simon Xie, a former
employee who is one of our founders and an equity holder in certain of our variable interest entities, is a limited
partner in this PRC limited partnership. To fund this investment, in April 2015 Simon was granted a financing with
an aggregate principal of up to RMB6.9 billion by a major financial institution in the PRC. The financing is
secured by a pledge of the Wasu shares acquired by the PRC limited partnership, and a pledge of certain wealth
management products we purchased. In addition, we entered into a loan agreement for a principal amount of up
to RMB2.0 billion with Simon in April 2015 to finance the repayment by Simon of the interest under the above
financing. We expect that these arrangements will strengthen our strategic business arrangements with Wasu to
pursue our strategy of expanding entertainment offerings to consumers. See “Item 5. Operating and Financial
Review and Prospects — A. Operating Results — Recent Investment, Acquisition and Strategic Alliance
Activities — Digital Entertainment — Wasu” and “Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions —
B. Related Party Transactions — Pledge for the Benefit of and Loan Arrangement with a Related Party.”
We cannot assure you that Jack Ma will act in our interest given his ability to control one of the general
partners of the PRC limited partnership invested in Wasu, nor can we assure you that he will not breach his
obligations to us as our director, including obligations not to compete with us. In addition, the interests of Mr. Shi,
as an independent third—party, may not coincide with those of Jack as the other general partner in the PRC limited
partnership, or with our interests in pursuing our entertainment strategy. If any such conﬂicts arise between Jack
and Mr. Shi in conducting the business of the PRC limited partnership, it could potentially have a material adverse
effect on our relationship with the shareholder of Wasu and, consequently, on our ability to achieve the strategic
objectives of our alliance with Wasu. Furthermore, there is no assurance that Simon will have sufficient resources
to repay the loans in a timely manner or at all. The loan that we provided to Simon is secured by a pledge of
Simon’s limited partnership interest in the PRC limited partnership. However, if Simon fails to repay the loan, our
enforcement of such secured interests could be costly and time-consuming and would be subject to the
uncertainties in the PRC legal system.
The contractual arrangements with our variable interest entities may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities.
Any adjustment of related party transaction pricing could lead to additional taxes, and therefore substantially reduce our
consolidated net income and the value of your investment.
The tax regime in China is rapidly evolving and there is significant uncertainty for taxpayers in China as PRC
tax laws may be interpreted in significantly different ways. The PRC tax authorities may assert that we or our
subsidiaries or the variable interest entities or their equity holders are required to pay additional taxes on previous
or future revenue or income. In particular, under applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations, arrangements and
transactions among related parties, such as the contractual arrangements with our variable interest entities, may be
subject to audit or challenge by the PRC tax authorities. If the PRC tax authorities determine that any contractual
arrangements were not entered into on an arm’s length basis and therefore constitute a favorable transfer pricing,
the PRC tax liabilities of the relevant subsidiaries and/or variable interest entities and/or variable interest entity
40