ITEM 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT
Our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Walter Kwauk, an independent director within the meaning
of Section 303A of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual and a member of our audit committee,
qualifies as “audit committee financial expert” as defined in Item 16A of Form 20-F.
ITEM 16B. CODE OF ETHICS
Our board of directors has adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our directors, executive officers and
employees. We have filed our code of ethics as an exhibit to our registration statement on Form F—1 (File
Number 333-195736), as amended, initially filed with the Commission on May 6, 2014. The code is also available
on our official website under the investor relations section at www.czlibabagroupcom.
ITEM 16C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
The following table sets forth the aggregate fees by categories specified below in connection with certain
professional services rendered by PricewaterhouseCoopers, our principal external auditors, for the periods
indicated. We did not pay any other fees to our auditors during the periods indicated below.
Year ended
March 31,
2015 2016
(in thousands of RMB)
66,956* 38,000
Audit-relatedFees(2) 5,422 5,958
TaxFees(3) 5,060 480
AllOtherFees(4)..................................................... 111 967
77,549 45,405
* Includes audit fees relating to our initial public offering completed in September 2014.
(1) “Audit Fees” represents the aggregate fees billed for each of the fiscal years listed for professional services rendered by our principal auditors
for the audit of our annual financial statements and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC and other statutory and
regulatory filings.
(2) “Audit-related Fees” represents the aggregate fees billed for each of the fiscal years listed for the assurance and related services rendered by
our principal auditors that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and not reported
under “Audit Fees.”
(3) “Tax Fees” represents the aggregate fees billed for each of the fiscal years listed for the professional tax services rendered by our principal
auditors.
(4) “All Other Fees” represents the aggregate fees for services rendered by our principal auditors other than services reported under “Audit
Fees,” “Audit-related Fees” and “Tax Fees.”
The policy of our audit committee is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by
PricewaterhouseCoopers, including audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services as described
above, other than those for de minimus services which are approved by the audit committee prior to the
completion of the audit.
ITEM 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEE
Not applicable.
ITEM 16E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE IS SUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS.
On August 12, 2015, we announced the implementation of a share repurchase program in an aggregate
amount of up to US$4 billion over a period of two years. We have repurchased ADSs representing our ordinary
shares on the open market under purchase plans adopted to implement the Share Repurchase Program. In
203