claims could result in the expenditure of funds and management time and resources and could materially reduce
our net income and profitability.
We may be subject to material litigation and regulatmy proceedings.
We have been involved in litigation relating principally to third-party and principal intellectual property
infringement claims, contract disputes involving merchants and consumers on our platform, consumer protection
claims, employment related cases and other matters in the ordinary course of our business. As our ecosystem
expands, including across jurisdictions and through the addition of new businesses, and as litigation becomes more
common in China, we may face an increasing number of such claims, including those involving higher amounts of
alleged damages. We have acquired and may acquire companies, such as Youku Tudou, that are subject to or may
become subject to litigation, including shareholder class action lawsuits in the case of companies we acquire that
are or were publicly-listed companies.
As a publicly-listed company, we may face additional exposure to claims and lawsuits inside and outside China.
We will need to defend against such lawsuits, including any appeals should our initial defense be successful. The
litigation process may utilize a material portion of our cash resources and divert management’s attention from the
day-to-day operations of our company, all of which could harm our business. There can be no assurance that we
will prevail in any such cases, and any adverse outcome of these cases could have a material adverse effect on our
reputation, business and results of operations. In particular, we have been named as a defendant in certain
purported shareholder class action lawsuits described in “Item 8. Financial Information — A. Consolidated
Statements and Other Financial Information — Legal and Administrative Proceedings.” We are currently unable to
estimate the possible loss or possible range of loss, if any, associated with the resolution of these lawsuits. An
unfavorable outcome from the lawsuits, including any plaintiff’s appeal of the judgment in these lawsuits, could
have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash ﬂows in the
future. In addition, although we have obtained directors and officers liability insurance, the insurance coverage may
not be adequate to cover our indemnification obligations.
Earlier this year, the US. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, informed us that it was initiating an
investigation into whether there have been any violations of the federal securities laws. The SEC has requested
that we voluntarily provide it with documents and information relating to, among other things: our consolidation
policies and practices (including our accounting for Cainiao Network as an equity method investee), our policies
and practices applicable to related party transactions in general, and our reporting of operating data from Singles
Day. We are voluntarily disclosing this SEC request for information and cooperating with the SEC and, through
our legal counsel, have been providing the SEC with requested documents and information. The SEC advised us
that the initiation of a request for information should not be construed as an indication by the SEC or its staff that
any violation of the federal securities laws has occurred. This matter is ongoing, and, as with any regulatory
proceeding, we cannot predict when it will be concluded.
The existence of litigation, claims, investigations and proceedings may harm our reputation and adversely
affect the trading price of our ADSs. The outcome of any claims, investigations and proceedings is inherently
uncertain, and in any event defending against these claims could be both costly and time-consuming, and could
significantly divert the efforts and resources of our management and other personnel. An adverse determination in
any litigation, investigation or proceeding could cause us to pay damages as well as legal and other costs, limit our
ability to conduct business or require us to change the manner in which we operate.
30