assets from time to time. Specifically, we will be classified as a PFIC for United States federal income tax purposes
if either: (1) 75% or more of our gross income in a taxable year is passive income, or (2) the average percentage
of our assets by value in a taxable year which produce or are held for the production of passive income (which
includes cash) is at least 50%. The calculation of the value of our assets will be based, in part, on the quarterly
market value of our ADSs, which is subject to change. See “Item 10. Additional Information — E. Taxation —
Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations — Passive Foreign Investment Company.”
Although we do not believe we were or will become a PFIC, it is not entirely clear how the contractual
arrangements between us and our variable interest entities will be treated for purposes of the PFIC rules. If it
were determined that we do not own the stock of our variable interest entities for United States federal income tax
purposes (for instance, because the relevant PRC authorities do not respect these arrangements), we may be
treated as a PFIC. See “Item 10. Additional Information — E. Taxation — Material United States Federal Income
Tax Considerations — Passive Foreign Investment Company.”
If we were or were to become a PFIC, such characterization could result in adverse United States federal
income tax consequences to our shareholders that are United States investors. For example, if we are a PFIC, our
United States investors will become subject to increased tax liabilities under United States federal income tax laws
and regulations and will become subject to burdensome reporting requirements. We cannot assure you that we
were not or will not become a PFIC for any taxable year. You are urged to consult your own tax advisors
concerning United States federal income tax consequence on the application of the PFIC rules. See “Item 10.
Additional Information — E. Taxation — Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations — Passive
Foreign Investment Company.”
ITEM 4 INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY
A. History and Development of the Company
Alibaba Group Holding Limited is a Cayman Islands holding company established on June 28, 1999, and we
conduct our business in China through our subsidiaries and variable interest entities.
Our significant subsidiaries, as that term is defined under Section 1-02 of Regulation S-X under the Securities
Act, include the following entities:
° Taobao Holding Limited, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the
Cayman Islands, which is our wholly-owned subsidiary and the indirect holding company of the PRC
subsidiaries relating to our Taobao Marketplace and Tmall platform.
0 Taobao China Holding Limited, a Hong Kong limited liability company, which is the direct wholly-owned
subsidiary of Taobao Holding Limited and the direct holding company of the PRC subsidiaries relating to
our Taobao Marketplace and Tmall platform and operating entity for the overseas business of our Taobao
Marketplace and T mall Global.
0 Taobao (China) Software Co., Ltd., a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the PRC,
which is an indirect subsidiary of Taobao Holding Limited and a wholly-foreign owned enterprise, and
provides software and technology services for our Taobao Marketplace.
0 Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd., a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the PRC,
which is an indirect subsidiary of Taobao Holding Limited and a wholly-foreign owned enterprise, and
provides software and technology services for our T mall platform.
0 Alibaba.com Limited, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the
Cayman Islands, which is our wholly-owned subsidiary and the indirect holding company of the PRC
subsidiaries relating to our Alibaba.com, 1688.com and AliExpress businesses.
55