ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
4. Signiﬁcant equity transactions, restructuring transactions, mergers and acquisitions and equity investments
(Continued)
(g) Acquisition of Shenzhen OneTouch Business Services Ltd. (“OneTouch”) (Continued)
The amount of the contingent consideration will be determined based on a formula tied to certain future
operating targets of OneTouch for the year ending March 31, 2017, which will not exceed RMB3,420 million.
The fair value of the contingent consideration included in the total purchase price represents a probability—
weighted outcome based on the Company’s analysis of the likelihood of the various scenarios underlying this
arrangement. A gain of RMB2,719 million was recognized in relation to the revaluation of previously held
equity interest relating to the step acquisition of OneTouch in interest and investment income, net in the
consolidated income statement for the year ended March 31, 2015.
The fair value of the previously held equity interest was measured using an income approach determined by
the Company. As OneTouch is a private company, the fair value of the previously held equity interest is
estimated based on significant inputs that market participants would consider, which mainly include revenue
growth rate, operating margin, discount rate and other factors that may affect such fair value estimation.
The rationale for this transaction is to enable the Company to expand its products and services. The Company
believes the acquisition will help to serve the wholesale sellers on the international wholesale marketplace by
adding a wide range of export-related value-added services. Goodwill arising from this acquisition was
attributable to the synergies expected from the combined operations of OneTouch and the Company, the
assembled workforce and their knowledge and experience surrounding export-related services to small
businesses in the PRC.
As of March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016, the Company assessed the operating and financial targets in connection
with the previous and current contingent consideration arrangements, and revised the fair value of the
contingent consideration payable. As a result, the Company recognized in the consolidated income statements
an increase in fair value of contingent consideration of RMB178 million, RMB85 million and RMB17 million
for the years ended March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016.
F-46