ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
(1) Other employee benefits (Continued)
provided to employees. The relevant labor regulations require the Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC to pay
the local labor and social welfare authorities monthly contributions at a stated contribution rate based on the
monthly basic compensation of qualified employees. The relevant local labor and social welfare authorities are
responsible for meeting all retirement benefits obligations and the Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC have no
further commitments beyond their monthly contributions. The contributions to the plan are expensed as
incurred. During the years ended March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016, contributions to such plan amounting to
RMB974 million, RMB1,601 million and RMB2,094 million, respectively, were charged to the consolidated
income statements.
The Company also makes payments to other defined contribution plans for the benefit of employees employed
by subsidiaries outside of the PRC. Amounts contributed during the years ended March 31, 2014, 2015 and
2016 were insignificant.
(m) Income taxes
The Company accounts for income taxes using the liability method, under which deferred income taxes are
recognized for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is
recognized as income or expense in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowance is
provided on deferred tax assets to the extent that it is more likely than not that the asset will not be realizable
in the foreseeable future.
Deferred taxes are also recognized on the undistributed earnings of subsidiaries, which are presumed to be
transferred to the parent company and are subject to withholding taxes, unless there is sufficient evidence to
show that the subsidiary has invested or will invest the undistributed earnings indefinitely or that the earnings
will be remitted in a tax—free liquidation.
The Company adopts ASC 740-10-25 “Income Taxes” which prescribes a more likely than not threshold for
financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax
return. It also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of current
and deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax
positions, accounting for income taxes in interim periods and income tax disclosures. The Company did not
have significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions or any unrecognized liabilities, interest or penalties
associated with unrecognized tax benefit as of and for the years ended March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016.
(11) Government grants
For government grants that are non-operating in nature and with no further conditions to be met, the
amounts are recognized as income in other income, net upon receipt. For government grants that contain
certain operating conditions, the amounts are recorded as liabilities upon receipt, and are recognized in the
consolidated income statements as a reduction of the related costs for which the grants are intended to
compensate when the conditions are met.
F-24