ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
(w) Intangible assets (Continued)
value upon acquisition. Separately identifiable intangible assets that have determinable lives continue to be
amortized over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method as follows:
User base and customer relationships 2 - 6 years
Trade names, trademarks and domain names 3 — 12 years
Developed technology and patents 2 - 5 years
Licenses and copyrights 1 — 5 years
Non compete agreements over the contracted term from 2 - 6 years
Separately identifiable intangible assets to be held and used are reviewed for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.
Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash ﬂows resulting from the
use of the asset and its eventual disposition. Measurement of any impairment loss for identifiable intangible
assets is based on the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets.
(X) Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the identifiable tangible
and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed of the acquired entity as a result of the Company’s
acquisitions of interests in its subsidiaries and VIEs. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment on
an annual basis, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired.
The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step
quantitative goodwill impairment test. In the qualitative assessment, the Company considers primary factors
such as industry and market considerations, overall financial performance of the reporting unit, and other
specific information related to the operations. Based on the qualitative assessment, if it is more likely than not
that the fair value of each reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test
is performed.
In performing the two-step quantitative impairment test, the first step compares the fair values of each
reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair value of each reporting unit exceeds its
carrying amount, goodwill is not considered to be impaired and the second step will not be required. If the
carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step compares the implied fair value of
goodwill to the carrying value of a reporting unit’s goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined
in a manner similar to accounting for a business combination with the allocation of the assessed fair value
determined in the first step to the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit. The excess of the fair value of
the reporting unit over the amounts assigned to the assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill.
This allocation process is only performed for the purposes of evaluating goodwill impairment and does not
result in an entry to adjust the value of any assets or liabilities. Application of a goodwill impairment test
requires significant management judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assigning assets,
liabilities and goodwill to reporting units, and determining the fair value of each reporting unit.
(y) Impairment of long-lived assets other than goodwill
The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is
F-28