as negative publicity, which could harm our business and reputation and materially reduce our revenue and
net income.
Ant Financial Services, which through Alipay provides the substantial majority of the payment processing
services on our marketplaces as well as other financial services such as wealth management, insurance and credit
referencing services, is subject to various laws, rules and regulations in the PRC and other countries where it
operates, including those governing banking, privacy, cross-border and domestic money transmission, anti—money
laundering, counter-terrorist financing and consumer protection laws, rules and regulations. For example, the laws,
rules and regulations governing account verification are evolving rapidly. The Administrative Measures for the
Online Payment Business of Non-bank Payment Institutions, or the Online Payment Measures, which will come
into effect on July 1, 2016, include provisions relating to account management, security measures and other matters
and require third-party payment providers to open real-name payment accounts for clients after verifying clients’
valid identification documents. Different identification verification procedures are required for the opening of
different types and tiers of payment accounts, which are subject to a range of purchasing and account transfer
limits. After the effectiveness of the Online Payment Measures, the ability of consumers to pay for purchases on
our marketplaces using deposits in their Alipay payment accounts may be materially limited, although the Online
Payment Measures do not affect Alipay’s escrow services. In April 2014, the China Banking Regulatory
Commission, or the CBRC, and the PBOC issued Joint Circular 10, which requires commercial banks and other
financial institutions in China to conduct additional customer verification procedures prior to establishing an
automatic payment link between customers’ bank accounts and their accounts with third-party payment services,
such as Alipay. These laws, rules and regulations are highly complex and could change or be reinterpreted to make
it difficult or impossible for Ant Financial Services to comply. In recent years, the PRC government has
increasingly focused on regulation of the financial industry, including laws, rules and regulations relating to the
provision of payment services. In addition, Alipay is required to maintain a payment business license in the PRC.
Ant Financial Services is also required to maintain other applicable money transmitter or other licenses and
approvals from regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions outside China in which it operates, and the expansion
by Ant Financial Services of its business may require additional licenses and approvals. In addition, in certain
jurisdictions outside China where Alipay currently does not have the required money transmitter or other licenses,
Alipay provides payment processing and escrow services through third-party service providers. If these providers
were to terminate their relationship with Alipay or otherwise cease providing services to Alipay, cross-border
transactions on our marketplaces would be negatively affected. If Alipay or its partners fail to obtain and maintain
all required licenses and approvals or otherwise fails to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations, if new
laws, rules or regulations come into effect that impact Alipay or its partners’ businesses, its services could be
suspended or severely disrupted, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially
and adversely affected.
We may be accused of inﬁinging intellectual property rights of third parties and content restrictions of relevant laws.
Third parties may claim that the technology used in the operation of our platforms or our service offerings or
the content on our platforms, including content available through our search business, online reading platform and
news feed features, infringe upon their intellectual property rights. Although we have not in the past faced material
litigation involving direct claims of infringement by us, the possibility of intellectual property claims against us,
whether in China or other jurisdictions, increases as we continue to grow, particularly internationally. We have also
acquired businesses, such as Youku Tudou, that have been, and may continue to be, subject to liabilities for
infringement of third-party intellectual property rights or other allegations based on the content available on their
websites or the services they provide. In addition, we expect our ecosystem to involve more and more
user-generated content, including the entertainment content on Youku Tudou, the interactive media content
displayed on Tmall and Taobao Marketplace, as well as the data generated, uploaded and saved by users of our
cloud computing services, over which we have limited control and we may be subject to claims for infringement of
third-party intellectual property rights, or subject us to additional scrutiny by the relevant government authorities.
Such claims or scrutiny, whether or not having merit, may result in our expenditure of significant financial and
25