The following paragraphs summarize other key terms of our equity incentive plans.
Plan administration. Subject to certain limitations, our equity incentive plans are generally administered by
the compensation committee of the board (or a subcommittee thereof), or such other committee of the board to
which the board has delegated power to act; provided, that in the absence of any such committee, our equity
incentive plans will be administered by the board. Grants to any executive directors of the board must be approved
by the disinterested directors of our board.
Types of awards. The equity incentive plans provide for the granting of incentive and non-statutory options,
restricted shares, restricted share units, dividend equivalents, share appreciation rights, share payments and
other rights.
Award agreements. Generally, awards granted under the equity incentive plans are evidenced by an award
agreement providing for the number of ordinary shares subject to the award, and the terms and conditions of the
award, which must be consistent with the relevant plan.
Eligibility. Any employee, consultant or director of our company, our affiliates or certain other companies,
such as Alipay, is eligible to receive grants under the equity incentive plans, but only employees of our company,
our affiliates and certain other companies, such as Alipay, are eligible to receive incentive stock options.
Term of awards. The term of awards granted under our equity incentive plans are generally not to exceed ten
years from the date of grant.
Acceleration, waiver and restrictions. The administrator of our equity incentive plans has sole discretion in
determining the terms and conditions of any award, any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions,
and any restrictions regarding any award or the ordinary shares relating thereto.
Change in control. If a change in control of our company occurs, the plan administrator may, in its sole
discretion,
° accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of any award;
0 purchase any award for an amount of cash or ordinary shares of our company equal to the value that could
have been attained upon the exercise of the award or the realization of the plan participant’s rights had
such award been currently exercisable or payable or fully vested; or
° provide for the assumption, conversion or replacement of any award by the successor corporation, or a
parent or subsidiary of the successor corporation, with other rights or property selected by the plan
administrator in its sole discretion, or the assumption or substitution of the award by the successor or
surviving corporation, or a parent or subsidiary of the surviving or successor corporation, with such
appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices as the plan administrator deems, in
its sole discretion, reasonable, equitable and appropriate.
Amendment and termination. Unless earlier terminated, our equity incentive plans continue in effect for a
term of ten years. The board may at any time terminate or amend the 2014 Plan in any respect, including
amendment of any form of any award agreement or instrument to be executed, provided, however, that to the
extent necessary and desirable to comply with applicable laws or stock exchange rules, shareholder approval of any
amendment to the 2014 Plan shall be obtained in such manner and to such degree as required.
Senior Management Equity Incentive Plan
We adopted the Senior Management Equity Incentive Plan in 2010, pursuant to which selected management
of our company subscribed for preferred shares in a special purpose vehicle, Alternate Solutions Management
Limited, which holds our ordinary shares. These preferred shares, subject to a non-compete provision, are
redeemable by the holders thereof for our ordinary shares upon the earlier to occur of an initial public offering of
our shares (subject to statutory and contractual lock-up periods), and five years from the respective dates of
163