provide technical interfaces and technical assistance in decryption and other efforts to public and national security
authorities in terrorism prevention and investigation. Also, the Anti-Terrorism Law requires Internet service
providers to implement network security and information and content monitoring systems and adopt technical
security measures to prevent the dissemination of information containing terrorist or extremist content. Once such
content is detected, Internet service providers shall cease the transmission of the information, keep the relevant
records, delete the information and report to public and national security bodies. In addition, the Anti-Terrorism
Law requires telecommunication business operators and Internet service providers to verify the identity of their
clients, and to not provide services to anyone whose identity is unclear or who declines to verify his/her identity.
However, the Anti-Terrorism Law does not further specify the required verification measures. Since the
Anti-Terrorism Law was promulgated recently, there exist substantial uncertainties with respect to its interpretation
and implementation by governmental authorities.
Regulation Applicable to Alipay
Regulation of Non-ﬁnancial Institution Payment Services
According to the Administrative Measures for the Payment Services Provided by Non-financial Institutions, or
the Payment Services Measures, promulgated by the PBOC on June 14, 2010 and effective as of September 1,
2010, a payment institution, a non-financial institution providing monetary transfer services as an intermediary
between payees and payers, including online payment, issuance and acceptance of prepaid cards or bank cards, and
other payment services specified by the PBOC, is required to obtain a payment business license. Any non —
financial institution or individual engaged in the payment business without such license may be ordered to cease
its payment services and be subject to administrative sanctions and even criminal liabilities. Applications for
payment business licenses are examined by the local branches of the PBOC and then submitted to the PBOC for
approval. The registered capital of an applicant that engages in a nationwide payment business must be at least
RMB100 million, while that of an applicant engaging in a payment business within a province must be at least
RMB30 million.
A payment institution is required to conduct its business within the scope of business indicated in its payment
business license, and may not undertake any business beyond that scope or outsource its payment business. No
payment institution may transfer, lease or lend its payment business license.
On January 20, 2015, the SAFE promulgated the Guiding Opinions on the Pilot Services of Cross-Border
Foreign Exchange Payment by Payment Institutions, or the Guiding Opinions, which replaced the previous guiding
opinion issued by SAFE on February 1, 2013. Pursuant to the Guiding Opinions, a payment institution is required
to obtain approval from the SAFE in order to engage in pilot cross-border foreign exchange payment services and
may only provide cross-border foreign exchange payment services for trade in goods or trade in services with real
and legitimate transaction background. The payment institution must also verify the real names and identity
information of the customers involved in the cross-border transactions, maintain records of the relevant
transactions and make monthly reports to the local branch of the SAFE.
In addition, on December 28, 2015, the PBOC promulgated the Administrative Measures for the Online
Payment Business of Non-bank Payment Institutions, or the Online Payment Measures, which will come into effect
on July 1, 2016. The Online Payment Measures classify online payment accounts into three categories and require
online payment institutions to impose classified management based on the real name system with respect to
different categories of online payment accounts. The Online Payment Measures require online payment institutions
to conduct “know your client” checks and implement the real name system for payment accounts. In addition, a
payment account can only be opened by a payment institution with Internet payment business license at the
request of customers.
We rely on Alipay to provide payment services on our marketplaces and Alipay has obtained a payment
business license from the PBOC as well as approval for cross-border foreign exchange payment services from
the SAFE.
101