ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
3. Recent accounting pronouncements (Continued)
is evaluating the effects, if any, of the adoption of this revised guidance on the Company’s financial position,
results of operations or cash ﬂows.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09 “Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting” to simplify the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the income
tax consequences, classification of excess tax benefits on the statement of cash ﬂows, introduction of
accounting policy election on forfeitures, and the change of the threshold of share withholding by employer
for settlement of employees’ tax without causing the award to be liability classified. The new guidance is
effective for the Company for the year ending March 31, 2018 and interim reporting periods during the year
ending March 31, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the effects, if any, of the
adoption of this revised guidance on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
4. Signiﬁcant equity transactions, restructuring transactions, mergers and acquisitions and equity investments
Equity transactions
(a) Initial public offering
On September 24, 2014, the Company completed its initial public offering on the New York Stock Exchange
under the symbol of “BABA.” The Company offered 123,076,931 American Depositary Shares, or ADS, and
other selling shareholders, including Yahoo, among others, offered an aggregate of 197,029,169 ADSs. Each
ADS represents one ordinary share and was sold to the public at US$68.00 per ADS. On the same date of the
initial public offering, the underwriters exercised in full the option to purchase an additional 26,143,903 ADSs
and 21,871,997 ADSs at US$68.00 per ADS from the Company and certain other selling shareholders
respectively. Net proceeds raised by the Company from the initial public offering amounted to US$100 billion
after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses.
Restructuring transactions
(b) Restructuring of Payment Services
Restructuring of Payment Services in 2011
Pursuant to the regulations issued by the People’s Bank of China (the “PBOC”), non-bank payment
companies were required to obtain a license in order to operate a payment business in the PRC. These
regulations provided specific guidelines for license applications only for domestic PRC-owned entities. These
regulations stipulated that, in order for any foreign-invested payment company to obtain a license, the scope
of business, the qualifications of any foreign investor and any level of foreign ownership would be subject to
future regulations to be issued, which in addition would require approval by the PRC State Council. Further,
the regulations required that any payment company that failed to obtain a license must cease operations by
September 1, 2011. Although Alipay was prepared to submit its license application in early 2011, at that time
the PBOC had not issued any guidelines applicable to license applications for foreign—invested payment
companies. In light of the uncertainties relating to the license qualification and application process for a
foreign—invested payment company, the Company’s management determined that it was necessary to
restructure Alipay as a company wholly-owned by PRC nationals in order to avail Alipay of the specific
licensing guidelines applicable only to domestic PRC-owned entities. Accordingly, the Company divested all of
its interest in and control over Alipay, which resulted in deconsolidation of Alipay from the consolidated
financial statements.
F-35