Alipay Commercial Agreement
Under the Alipay commercial agreement among us, Alipay and Ant Financial Services, which agreement
remains in place following the restructuring described below, Alipay provides payment processing and escrow
services to us. These services enable settlement of transactions on our marketplaces through a secure payment
platform and escrow process. We pay Alipay a fee on terms that are preferential to us for such services. These
preferential terms enable us, with certain exceptions, to make available basic payment processing and escrow
services to consumers and merchants on our marketplaces free of charge. We believe that these services provide us
with a competitive advantage that otherwise would be diminished without the preferential terms of the Alipay
commercial agreement.
The fees that we pay Alipay are based on fee rates and actual payment volumes processed on our
marketplaces. The fee rates reﬂect, among other things, Alipay’s bank-processing costs and operating costs
allocable to the services provided to us, and accordingly are subject to adjustment on an annual basis to the extent
such costs increase or decline. The Alipay commercial agreement provided that the directors of our company
designated by SoftBank and Yahoo approve the fee rates payable by us in advance on an annual basis. In
connection with the restructuring of our relationship with Ant Financial Services, the Alipay commercial agreement
was amended to provide that, after the completion of our initial public offering, a special committee formed by our
independent directors and the director designated by SoftBank must approve the fee rates in advance on an annual
basis. The fee rates for the immediately preceding year remain in effect until such time as such annual approval by
the special committee has been obtained. In fiscal years 2014, 2015 and 2016, we paid fees to Alipay totaling
RMB2,349 million, RMB3,853 million and RMB4,898 million (US$760 million), respectively, under this agreement.
The Alipay commercial agreement has an initial term of 50 years, and is automatically renewable for further
periods of 50 years, subject to our right to terminate at any time upon one year’s prior written notice. If the Alipay
commercial agreement is required by applicable regulatory authorities, including under stock exchange listing rules,
to be modified in certain circumstances, a one-time payment may be payable to us by Ant Financial Services to
compensate us for the impact of such adjustment.
2014 Restructuring of Our Relationship with Ant Financial Services and Alipay
On August 12, 2014, we entered into a share and asset purchase agreement, or the 2014 SAPA, and entered
into or amended certain ancillary agreements including an amendment and restatement of the Alipay IPLA, or the
amended Alipay IPLA. Pursuant to these agreements, we restructured our relationships with Ant Financial
Services and Alipay, its wholly-owned subsidiary, and terminated the 2011 framework agreement. The restructuring
contemplated by the 2014 SAPA and the ancillary agreements described below has taken effect and these
agreements now govern our economic and commercial relationships with Ant Financial Services and Alipay. Under
the 2014 SAPA, the arrangements are structured with the aim of securing long-term economic participation in Ant
Financial Services which we believe is in the best interests of our company and all of our shareholders. The
potential for long-term economic participation can come in the form of either a perpetual 37.5% profit share
stream or a possible future direct equity interest as described below. We believe this restructuring will strengthen
and benefit our company as well as better position us for future growth.
Share and Asset Purchase Agreement
Sale of SME Loan Business and Certain Other Assets
Pursuant to the 2014 SAPA, we agreed to sell certain securities and assets primarily relating to our SME loan
business and other related services to Ant Financial Services, for aggregate cash consideration of
RMB3,219 million, which was based on a premium to the aggregate book value of the entities operating the SME
loan business. The sale was completed in February 2015. In addition, pursuant to software system use and service
agreements relating to the know-how and related intellectual property that we agreed to sell together with the
SME loan business and related services, we will receive annual fees for a term of seven years. These fees, which
will be recognized as other revenue, will be determined as follows: for calendar years 2015 to 2017, the entities
176