offshore enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises, not those controlled by foreign enterprises or individuals, the
determining criteria set forth in Circular 82 may reﬂect the State Administration of Taxation’s general position on
how the “de facto management body” test should be applied in determining the tax resident status of offshore
enterprises, regardless of whether they are controlled by PRC enterprises. Currently, we generate only a small
portion of our revenues offshore. However, if this proportion were to increase and if we were to be considered a
PRC resident enterprise, we would be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at the rate of 25% on our global
income. In such case, our profitability and cash ﬂow may be materially reduced as a result of our global income
being taxed under the Enterprise Income Tax Law. We believe that none of our entities outside of China is a PRC
resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes. However, the tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to
determination by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term
“de facto management body.”
Dividends payable to our foreign investors and gains on the sale of our ADSs or ordinary shares by our foreign investors
may become subject to PRC taxation.
Under the Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation regulations issued by the State Council, a 10%
PRC withholding tax is applicable to dividends payable by a resident enterprise to investors that are non-resident
enterprises, which do not have an establishment or place of business in the PRC or which have such establishment
or place of business but the dividends are not effectively connected with such establishment or place of business, to
the extent such dividends are derived from sources within the PRC, subject to any reduction set forth in applicable
tax treaties. Similarly, any gain realized on the transfer of shares of a resident enterprise by such investors is also
subject to PRC tax at a current rate of 10%, subject to any exemption set forth in relevant tax treaties, if such gain
is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC. If we are deemed a PRC resident enterprise,
dividends paid on our ordinary shares or ADSs, and any gain realized by the investors from the transfer of our
ordinary shares or ADSs, would be treated as income derived from sources within the PRC and would as a result
be subject to PRC taxation. See “Item 4. Information on the Company — B. Business Overview — Regulation —
Tax Regulations.” Furthermore, if we are deemed a PRC resident enterprise, dividends payable to individual
investors who are non—PRC residents and any gain realized on the transfer of ADSs or ordinary shares by such
investors may be subject to PRC tax at a current rate of 20%, subject to any reduction or exemption set forth in
applicable tax treaties. It is unclear whether if we or any of our subsidiaries established outside China are
considered a PRC resident enterprise, holders of our ADSs or ordinary shares would be able to claim the benefit
of income tax treaties or agreements entered into between China and other countries or areas and to claim foreign
tax credit if applicable. If dividends payable to our non—PRC investors, or gains from the transfer of our ADSs or
ordinary shares by such investors are subject to PRC tax, the value of your investment in our ADSs or ordinary
shares may decline significantly.
Discontinuation of preferential tax treatments we currently enjoy or other unfavorable changes in tax law could result in
additional compliance obligations and costs.
Chinese companies operating in the high-technology and software industry that meet relevant requirements
may qualify for three main types of preferential treatment, which are high and new technology enterprises,
software enterprises and key software enterprises within the scope of the PRC national plan. For a qualified high
and new technology enterprise, the applicable enterprise income tax rate is 15%. The high and new technology
enterprise qualification is re-assessed by the relevant authorities every three years. Moreover, a qualified software
enterprise is entitled to a tax holiday consisting of a two-year tax exemption beginning from the first profit-making
calendar year and a 50% tax reduction for the subsequent three calendar years. The software enterprise
qualification is subject to an annual assessment. For a qualified key software enterprise within the scope of the
PRC national plan, the applicable enterprise tax rate for a calendar year is 10%. The key software enterprise
qualification is subject to an assessment every two years.
A number of our China operating entities enjoy such preferential tax treatment. Our effective tax rate in fiscal
year 2016 was 10%. The discontinuation of any of the various types of preferential tax treatment we enjoy could
46