ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
(at) Subscription receivables
The Company made available loans to certain employees of the Company and its related companies in order
to finance their exercise of share options and subscription for ordinary shares of the Company (Note 13). The
participants of all such loans have pledged the ownership of their ordinary shares or restricted shares as
security for these loans. For accounting purposes, loans outstanding with respect to the exercise of vested
options and share subscription are recorded as subscription receivables in equity. Further, unvested options
that were exercised are recorded as other current liabilities and they are transferred to equity upon vesting.
(ag) Statutory reserves
In accordance with the relevant regulations and their articles of association, subsidiaries of the Company
incorporated in the PRC are required to allocate at least 10% of their after-tax profit determined based on
the PRC accounting standards and regulations to the general reserve until such reserve has reached 50% of
the relevant subsidiary’s registered capital. Appropriations to the enterprise expansion fund and staff welfare
and bonus fund are at the discretion of the respective board of directors of the subsidiaries. These reserves
can only be used for specific purposes and are not transferable to the Company in the form of loans, advances
or cash dividends. During the years ended March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016, appropriations to the general
reserve amounted to RMB1,137 million, RMB267 million and RMB529 million, respectively. No
appropriations to the enterprise expansion fund and staff welfare and bonus fund have been made by
the Company.
(ah) Reclassiﬁcation of comparative ﬁgures
In previous years, loan receivables arising from micro loans extended to small and medium size enterprises are
separately presented as “Loan receivables, net” on the consolidated balance sheets. After the Company
disposed of certain equity interests and assets primarily relating to the micro loan business and related services
upon the completion of the restructuring of Payment Services during the year ended March 31, 2015
(Note 4(b)), the loan receivables balance became insignificant. Accordingly, the Company revised the
presentation to report the loan receivables balance under “Prepayments, receivables and other assets.” Prior
year amounts have been reclassified to maintain consistency with the current year presentation. These
reclassifications had no effect on the reported results of operations and net assets. Corresponding
reclassifications have also been made to the consolidated statement of cash ﬂows.
3. Recent accounting pronouncements
In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update
(“ASU”) 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers,” which supersedes the revenue recognition
requirements in “Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)” and requires entities to recognize revenue in a way that
depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reﬂects the consideration to
which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB
issued ASU 2015-14 to defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year. In April 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-10 to clarify ASU 2014-09 on identifying performance obligations and licensing implementation
guidance contained in the new revenue recognition standard. The new guidance is effective retrospectively for
the Company for the year end ending March 31, 2019 and the interim reporting periods during the year
ending March 31, 2019, with early application permitted only for the annual reporting period ending
March 31, 2018 and the interim reporting periods during the year ending March 31, 2018. The Company is
evaluating the existing revenue recognition policies to determine whether any contracts in the scope of the
guidance will be affected by the new requirements.
F-32