PART H
ITEM 13 DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES
None.
ITEM 14 MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE
OF PROCEEDS
See “Item 10. Additional Information” for a description of the rights of securities holders, which remain
unchanged.
ITEM 15 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information
required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the specified time periods and accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and our
principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, at March 31, 2016. Based on that evaluation,
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the
SEC’s rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under
the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and
chief financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. As required by Rule 13a-15(c) of
the Exchange Act, our management conducted an evaluation of our company’s internal control over financial
reporting as of March 31, 2016 based on the framework in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2016.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or
that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Our independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers, has audited the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2016, as stated in its report, which appears on
page F-2 of this annual report.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period
covered by this annual report on Form 20-F that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
202