These provisions could have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control, and could limit
the opportunity for our shareholders to receive a premium for their ADSs, and could also materially decrease the
price that some investors are willing to pay for our ADSs.
SoftBank owns more than 30% of our outstanding ordinary shares and its interests may diﬁ‘er from those of our other
shareholders.
As of March 31, 2016, SoftBank owned approximately 32.2% of our outstanding ordinary shares. Subject to
certain exceptions, SoftBank has agreed to grant the voting power of any portion of its shareholding exceeding
30% of our outstanding ordinary shares to Jack Ma and Joe Tsai by proxy. Under the terms of the voting
agreement we entered into with SoftBank, SoftBank also has the right to nominate one member of our board of
directors, and Yahoo, Jack and Joe have agreed to vote their shares (including shares for which they have voting
power) in favor of the SoftBank director nominees at each annual general shareholders meeting in which the
SoftBank nominee stands for election until such time as SoftBank holds less than 15% of our outstanding ordinary
shares. SoftBank’s director nomination right is also reﬂected in our articles of association. Except with regard to
shareholder votes relating to the Alibaba Partnership director nominees, SoftBank will have significant inﬂuence
over the outcome of matters that require shareholder votes and accordingly over our business and corporate
matters. SoftBank may exercise its shareholder rights in a way that it believes is in its own best interest, which may
conﬂict with the interest of our other shareholders. These actions may be taken even if SoftBank is opposed by our
other shareholders.
For more information, see “Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions — B. Related Party
Transaction — Transactions and Agreements with SoftBank and Yahoo — Voting Agreement.”
If the PRC government deems that the contractual arrangements in relation to our variable interest entities do not comply
with PRC governmental restrictions on foreign investment, or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing
regulations changes in the future, we could be subject to penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those
operations.
Foreign ownership of certain types of Internet businesses, such as Internet information services, is subject to
restrictions under applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations. For example, foreign investors are generally not
permitted to own more than 50% of the equity interests in a value-added telecommunication service provider. Any
such foreign investor must also have experience and a good track record in providing value-added
telecommunications services overseas. Although according to the Notice on Lifting the Restriction to Foreign
Shareholding Percentage in Online Data Processing and Transaction Processing Business (Operational
E-commerce) promulgated by the MIIT on June 19, 2015, foreign investors are allowed to hold up to 100% of all
equity interests in the online data processing and transaction processing business (operational e-commerce) in
China, other requirements provided by the Foreign Investment Telecommunications Rules (such as the track record
and experience requirement for a major foreign investor) still apply. It is unclear how this notice will be
implemented and there exist high uncertainties with respect to its interpretation and implementation by authorities.
While the significant majority of our revenue was generated by our wholly-foreign owned enterprises in fiscal
year 2016, we provide Internet information services in China, which are critical to our business, through a number
of PRC incorporated variable interest entities. The variable interest entities are owned by PRC citizens who are
our founders or senior employees or by PRC entities owned by such PRC citizens, or the variable interest entity
equity holders, with whom we have contractual arrangements, or the contractual arrangements. The contractual
arrangements give us effective control over each of the variable interest entities and enable us to obtain
substantially all of the economic benefits arising from the variable interest entities as well as consolidate the
financial results of the variable interest entities in our results of operations. Although the structure we have
adopted is consistent with longstanding industry practice, and is commonly adopted by comparable companies in
China, the PRC government may not agree that these arrangements comply with PRC licensing, registration or
other regulatory requirements, with existing policies or with requirements or policies that may be adopted in
the future.
35