operating the SME loan business will pay us an annual fee equal to 2.5% of the average daily balance of the SME
loans provided by such entities, and in calendar years 2018 to 2021, these entities will pay an annual fee equal to
the amount of the fees paid in the calendar year 2017. In fiscal years 2015 and 2016, we received annual fees of
RMB90 million and RMB708 million (US$110 million), respectively, from Ant Financial Services and its affiliates.
For regulatory reasons, we retained approximately RMB1,225 million of the existing SME loan portfolio upon
the completion of the transfer of the SME loan business, which will be wound down over time as such loans are
repaid. We will not conduct any new SME loan business going forward. The remaining balance of this retained
portfolio of loans was insignificant as of March 31, 2016.
Liquidity Event Payment
Under the 2014 SAPA, in the event of a qualified IPO of Ant Financial Services or Alipay, if our total
ownership of equity interests in Ant Financial Services, if any, acquired as described under “— Potential Equity
Interest” below, has not reached 33%, which we refer to as the full 33% equity interest, we would be entitled, at
our election, to receive a one-time payment equal to 37.5% of the equity value, immediately prior to such qualified
IPO of Ant Financial Services, as a whole and not just of Alipay, its subsidiary. If we acquire equity interests in
Ant Financial Services in an aggregate amount less than the full 33% equity interest, then the percentage of Ant
Financial Services’ equity value used to calculate the liquidity event payment will be reduced proportionately.
In lieu of receiving the liquidity event payment, we may elect to receive payments under the profit sharing
provision of the amended Alipay IPLA described below in perpetuity, subject to the receipt of regulatory
approvals, including under applicable stock exchange listing rules, required to permit continuation of the profit
share following a qualified IPO of Ant Financial Services or Alipay. If we so elect, in connection with such a
qualified IPO, Ant Financial Services must use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such regulatory
approvals. If such approvals are not obtained, then Ant Financial Services will pay us the liquidity event payment
described above.
Jack Ma and Joe Tsai contributed 35,000,000 and 15,000,000, respectively, of our ordinary shares held by them
to APN Ltd., a vehicle they established to hold such shares. The shares of APN Ltd., as well as the
50,000,000 ordinary shares in us held by APN Ltd., have been pledged to us to secure the liquidity event payment
and certain other obligations of Ant Financial Services under the 2014 SAPA and commercial agreement, as well as
the direct liability of APN Ltd. for up to US$500 million of the liquidity event payment whenever any such
liquidity event payment becomes due.
Potential Equity Interest
The 2014 SAPA provides for future potential equity issuances to us by Ant Financial Services. In the event
that Ant Financial Services applies for and receives certain PRC regulatory approvals in the future, Ant Financial
Services will issue and we will purchase newly-issued equity interests in Ant Financial Services, up to the full 33%
equity interest, or such lesser equity interest as may be permitted by the applicable regulatory approvals.
If we were to acquire such equity interests, we will have a pre-emptive right prior to the time of a qualified
IPO of Ant Financial Services, in the event Ant Financial Services issues additional equity interests to third parties,
that will entitle us to acquire additional equity interests in order to maintain the equity ownership percentage we
hold in Ant Financial Services immediately prior to such third-party issuances.
If the liquidity event payment described above under “— Liquidity Event Payment” has not become payable
upon a qualified IPO of Ant Financial Services, then our right to acquire up to the full 33% equity interest will
continue after such qualified IPO. However, the equity interests that we are entitled to acquire will be reduced in
proportion to any dilutive issuances of equity securities by Ant Financial Services in and following such
qualified IPO.
The consideration to be paid by us to acquire any equity interest in Ant Financial Services up to the full 33%
equity interest will be fully funded by payments from Ant Financial Services under the 2014 SAPA in respect of
177