charity purposes, the expected life was estimated to be the exercisable period of the options. To determine the fair
value of the restricted shares, discounts for post-vesting sales restrictions were applied to the fair value of our
ordinary shares depending on the duration of the restriction period of each particular tranche. We have
determined the fair value of these options based on the methodology described above, with the assistance of an
independent appraisal firm. As there are no vesting conditions attached to the above share options, equity-settled
donation expense of RMB1,269 million was recognized in full and recorded in general and administrative expenses
during fiscal year 2014.
The considerations, assumptions and valuations of ordinary shares as well as assumptions for risk-free interest
rate, expected dividend yield and expected volatility used to calculate the equity-based donation expense are the
same as those used in connection with our share-based awards during the corresponding period. See “— Share-
based Compensation Expense and Valuation of the Underlying Awards.”
Recognition of Income Taxes and Deferred Tax Assets/Liabilities
We are mainly subject to income tax in China, but are also subject to taxation on profit arising in or derived
from the tax jurisdiction where our subsidiaries are domiciled and operate outside China. Income taxes are
assessed and determined on an entity basis. There are transactions (including entitlement to preferential tax
treatment and deductibility of expenses) where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain until the final tax
position is confirmed by relevant tax authorities. In addition, we recognize liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues
based on estimates of whether additional taxes could be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is
different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax and deferred
tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.
Deferred income tax is recognized for all temporary differences, carry forward of unused tax credits and
unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available in the future against which
the temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses could be utilized.
Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method. The deferred tax assets recognized are mainly
related to the temporary differences arising from accrued expenses which are not deductible until paid under the
applicable PRC tax laws. We have also recognized deferred tax liabilities on the undistributed earnings generated
by our subsidiaries in China, which are subject to withholding taxes when they resolve to distribute dividends to us.
As of March 31, 2016, we have fully accrued the withholding tax on the earnings distributable by all of our
subsidiaries in China, except for those undistributed earnings that we intend to invest indefinitely in China of
RMB13.6 billion. If our intent changes or if these funds are in fact distributed outside China, we would be
required to accrue or pay the withholding tax on some or all of these undistributed earnings and our effective tax
rate would be adversely affected.
Fair Value Determination Related to the Accounting for Business Combinations
A component of our growth strategy has been to acquire and integrate complementary businesses into our
ecosystem. We complete business combinations from time to time which require us to perform purchase price
allocations. In order to recognize the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, mainly consisting of
intangible assets and goodwill, as well as the fair value of any contingent consideration to be recognized, we use
valuation techniques such as discounted cash ﬂow analysis and ratio analysis in comparison to comparable
companies in similar industries under the income approach, market approach and cost approach. Major factors
considered include historical financial results and assumptions including future growth rates, an estimate of
weighted average cost of capital and the effect of expected changes in regulation. Most of the valuations of our
acquired businesses have been performed by independent valuation specialists under our management’s
supervision. We believe that the estimated fair value assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are
based on reasonable assumptions and estimates that market participants would use. However, such assumptions are
inherently uncertain and actual results could differ from those estimates.
145