easily across multiple devices. These businesses and our other media and entertainment-related businesses,
including over-the-top TV services, music, sports and games, provide a comprehensive platform on which users
may discover and consume content and engage and interact with each other.
An ecosystem has developed around our platforms and businesses that consists of consumers, merchants,
brands, other enterprises, third-party service providers and strategic alliance partners. At the nexus of this
ecosystem are our technology platform, our marketplace rules and the role we play in connecting these participants
to make it possible for them to discover, engage and transact with each other and manage their businesses anytime
and anywhere. Much of our effort, time and energy is spent on initiatives that are for the greater good of the
ecosystem and on balancing the interests of its participants. We feel a strong responsibility for the continued
development of the ecosystem and we take ownership in this development. Accordingly, we refer to this as “our
ecosystem.” Our ecosystem has strong self—reinforcing network effects benefitting its various participants, who are
in turn invested in our ecosystem’s growth and success.
The following chart sets forth our key businesses, selected major investee companies and cooperative partners:
Our business
Core Commerce. Cloud Computing Mobile Media Other Innovation ' ‘
and Entertainment Initiatives:
Retail Commerce in China ‘
. a - 1 ‘ 5 ,m ‘ r 7 ‘ . ”'
0 747—1, (9‘ < ago
9% 9635: THALLcon’“ 6' 13"Y”"4‘°m W ' -
‘Taobao.com‘ ' VUﬁos I
f o ' .Wl _ r ,. Tr:
Juhuasuan.com‘ :Cun.taobaO.C0m tame... .. , , #4
(Rural Taobao) j! 5’ - @75
Wholesale Commerce in' China M
. . THALLTV
[ . J (Over-the-top TV services)
7 ~ _ ®v 1688.com , ‘- ‘-
. , , t] t}
International and Cross-border Commerce I ' “'"gm‘k‘wm
. V w ,H . .mﬁaﬁ
AIIEXpress Tr’lALL GLOBAL. AubabaMusnc:
‘.-' Smarter Shopping} Better uvmgr
. _ o L I: I AliHealth’,
‘ ’ @cliigﬁaggaﬁeﬂ- Effor’SIeSsSboppin; ’
Selected major inVestee companies &. cooperative partners"
@ in?“ are
' AL ' P M ‘ ﬂ . *' kouvbeii meeeezne.‘
CAINIAO $215123 Alibaba -‘ Pictures
* Entities that are not consolidated.
Our Strategies
We aim to strengthen and expand our ecosystem in order to achieve long-term growth by:
0 increasing active buyers and our wallet share through geographic expansion, improved customer experience
and new product and service categories;
59