FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This annual report on Form 20-F contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties,
including statements based on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about us, our
industry and the regulatory environment in which we and companies integral to our ecosystem operate. All
statements other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are made under the “safe harbor” provision under Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or
achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In
some cases, these forward-looking statements can be identified by words or phrases such as “may,” “will,”
“expect,” “anticipate,” “aim,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “potential,” “continue,” “is/are likely to” or
other similar expressions. The forward—looking statements included in this annual report relate to, among others:
° our growth strategies;
° our future business development, results of operations and financial condition;
0 trends in online and mobile commerce, both globally and in the PRC;
° competition in our industry;
° ﬂuctuations in general economic and business conditions in China and globally;
° expected changes in our revenues and certain cost and expense items and our operating margins;
0 the regulatory environment in which we and companies integral to our ecosystem operate; and
0 assumptions underlying or related to any of the foregoing.
The global and PRC Internet, retail, wholesale, online and mobile commerce, media and entertainment, cloud
computing and data industries market may not grow at the rates projected by market data, or at all. The failure of
these industries or markets to grow at the projected rates may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations and the market price of our ADSs. If any one or more of the
assumptions underlying the market data turns out to be incorrect, actual results may differ from the projections
based on these assumptions. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking statements made in this annual report relate only to events or information as of the date
on which the statements are made in this annual report. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-
looking statements to reﬂect events or circumstances after the date on which the statements are made or to reﬂect
the occurrence of unanticipated events. You should read this annual report and the documents that we have
referred to in this annual report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be
materially different from what we expect.
iv