We have relied on and intend to continue to rely on some of these exemptions. As a result, our shareholders may
not be provided with the benefits of certain corporate governance requirements of the New York Stock Exchange.
As a foreign private issuer; we are exempt from certain disclosure requirements under the Exchange Act, which may ajford
less protection to our shareholders than they would enjoy if we were a domestic US. company.
As a foreign private issuer, we are exempt from, among other things, the rules prescribing the furnishing and
content of proxy statements under the Exchange Act and the rules relating to selective disclosure of material
nonpublic information under Regulation FD. In addition, our executive officers, directors and principal
shareholders are exempt from the reporting and short-swing profit and recovery provisions contained in Section 16
of the Exchange Act. We are also not required under the Exchange Act to file periodic reports and financial
statements with the SEC as frequently or as promptly as domestic US. companies with securities registered under
the Exchange Act. As a result, our shareholders may be afforded less protection than they would under the
Exchange Act rules applicable to domestic US. companies.
If and when permitted by law, we may conduct a public offering and listing of our shares in China, which may result in
increased regulatory scrutiny and compliance costs as well as increased ﬂuctuations in the prices of our ordinary shares
and ADSs listed in overseas markets.
Although not currently allowed under PRC law, if and when permitted by law, we may conduct a public
offering and/or listing of our shares on a stock exchange in China in the future. We have not set a specific
timetable or decided on any specific form for an offering in China. The precise timing of the offering and/or listing
of our shares in China would depend on a number of factors, including relevant regulatory developments and
market conditions. If we complete a public offering or listing in China, we would become subject to the applicable
laws, rules and regulations governing public companies listed in China, in addition to the various laws, rules and
regulations that we are subject to in the United States as a reporting company. The listing and trading of our
securities in multiple jurisdictions and multiple markets may lead to increased compliance costs for us, and we may
face the risk of significant intervention by regulatory authorities in these jurisdictions and markets.
In addition, under current PRC laws, rules and regulations, our ordinary shares will not be interchangeable or
fungible with any shares we may decide to list on a PRC stock exchange, and there is no trading or settlement
between these markets in the United States and mainland China. Furthermore, these two markets have different
trading characteristics and investor bases, including different levels of retail and institutional participation. As a
result of these differences, the trading prices of our ADSs, accounting for the share-to-ADS ratio, may not be the
same as the trading prices of any shares we may decide to list on a PRC stock exchange. The issuance of a
separate class of shares and ﬂuctuations in its trading price may also lead to increased volatility in, and may
otherwise materially decrease, the prices of our ordinary shares and ADSs.
Our shareholders may face difficulties in protecting their interests, and their ability to protect their rights through the
US. federal courts may be limited because we are incorporated under Cayman Islands law, we conduct substantially all of
our operations in China and most of our directors and substantially all of our executive ofﬁcers reside outside the
United States.
We are incorporated in the Cayman Islands and conduct substantially all of our operations in China through
our wholly-foreign owned enterprises and the variable interest entities. Most of our directors and substantially all
of our executive officers reside outside the United States and a substantial portion of their assets are located
outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible for our shareholders to bring an action
against us or against these individuals in the Cayman Islands or in China in the event that they believe that their
rights have been infringed under the securities laws of the United States or otherwise. Even if shareholders are
successful in bringing an action of this kind, the laws of the Cayman Islands and China may render them unable to
enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors and officers. There is no statutory recognition
in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States or China, although the courts of the Cayman
52