If Alipay were not able to successfully manage the risks relating to its business, its ability to continue to
deliver payment services to us on preferential terms may be undermined. Furthermore, if for any reason, Alipay
sought to amend the terms of its agreements and arrangements with us, there is no assurance that Jack Ma, in
light of his voting control over Alipay’s parent, Ant Financial Services, would act in our interest. If we were to lose
the preferential terms with Alipay or if Alipay is unable to successfully manage its business, our ecosystem could
be negatively affected, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially
and adversely affected.
Ant Financial Services also provides other financial services to participants in our ecosystem, including micro-
finance services, wealth management, insurance and credit referencing services, and may provide additional services
in the future. Other conﬂicts of interest between us, on the one hand, and Alipay and Ant Financial Services, on
the other hand, may arise relating to commercial or strategic opportunities or initiatives. Although we and Ant
Financial Services have each agreed to certain non-competition undertakings, we cannot assure you that Ant
Financial Services would not pursue opportunities to provide services to our competitors or other opportunities
that would conﬂict with our interests. Jack Ma may not resolve such conﬂicts in our favor. Furthermore, our ability
to explore alternative payment services other than Alipay for our marketplaces may be constrained due to Jack’s
relationship with Ant Financial Services.
In addition, we grant share-based awards to employees of Ant Financial Services, and Junhan grants share—
based awards tied to the value of Ant Financial Services to our employees. The provision of awards to our
employees tied to the value of Ant Financial Services is intended to enhance our strategic and financial
relationship with Ant Financial Services. See “Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions —
B. Related Party Transactions — Agreements and Transactions Related to Ant Financial Services and its
Subsidiaries — Equity-based Award Arrangements.” The share-based awards granted by Junhan to our employees
result in expenses that are recognized by our company. Subject to the approval of our audit committee, Jack,
through his role with us and his control over Junhan, could be in a position to propose and promote further share-
based grants that result in additional, and potentially significant, expenses to our company. Accordingly, these and
other potential conﬂicts of interest between us and Ant Financial Services or Alipay, and between us and Jack or
Junhan, may not be resolved in our favor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects.
Moreover, because of our close association with Ant Financial Services and overlapping user base, events that
negatively affect Ant Financial Services could also negatively affect customers’, regulators’ and other third parties’
perception of us. In addition, any actual or perceived conﬂict of interest between us and Ant Financial Services or
any other company integral to the functioning of our ecosystem could also materially harm our reputation as well
as our business and prospects.
If we are not able to continue to innovate or if we fail to adapt to changes in our industry, our business, ﬁnancial
condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected.
The Internet industry is characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, new mobile
apps, protocols and technologies, new service and product introductions, new media and entertainment content —
including user-generated content — and changing customer demands. Furthermore, our competitors are constantly
developing innovations in Internet search, online marketing, communications, social networking, entertainment and
other services, on both mobile devices and personal computers, to enhance users’ online experience. We continue
to invest significant resources in our infrastructure, research and development and other areas in order to enhance
our technology and our existing products, services and content as well as to introduce new high quality products,
services and content that will attract more participants to our platforms. The changes and developments taking
place in our industry may also require us to re-evaluate our business model and adopt significant changes to our
long-term strategies and business plan. Our failure to innovate and adapt to these changes would have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
14