ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
26. Risks and contingencies (Continued)
enterprises, like the Company, may operate. If new or more extensive restrictions were imposed on the
segments in which the Company is permitted to operate, the Company could be required to sell or cease
to operate or invest in some or all of its current businesses in the PRC.
(c) The Company’s sales, purchase and expense transactions are generally denominated in RMB and a
significant portion of the Company’s assets and liabilities are denominated in RMB. The RMB is not
freely convertible into foreign currencies. In the PRC, foreign exchange transactions are required by law
to be transacted only by authorized financial institutions at exchange rates set by the PBOC. Remittances
in currencies other than RMB by the Company in the PRC must be processed through the PBOC or
other PRC foreign exchange regulatory bodies and require certain supporting documentation in order to
effect the remittance. If such foreign exchange control system prevents the Company from obtaining
sufficient foreign currencies to satisfy its currency demands, the Company may not be able to pay
dividends in foreign currencies and the Company’s ability to fund its business activities that are conducted
in foreign currencies could be adversely affected.
((1) Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentration of credit risk
consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, restricted cash and investment
securities. As of March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016, substantially all of the Company’s cash and cash
equivalents, short-term investments, restricted cash and investment securities were held by major financial
institutions located worldwide, including Hong Kong and the PRC. If the banking system or the financial
markets deteriorate or remain volatile, the financial institutions and other issuers of financial instruments
held by the Company could become insolvent and the markets for these instruments could become
illiquid, in which case the Company could lose some or all of the value of its investments.
(e) During the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2016, the Company offered a trade assurance program on
the international wholesale marketplaces at no charge to the wholesale buyers and sellers. If the
wholesale sellers who participate in this program do not deliver the products in their stated specifications
to the wholesale buyers on schedule, the Company may compensate the wholesale buyers for their losses
on behalf of the wholesale sellers up to a pre-determined amount following a review of each particular
case. In turn, the Company will seek a full reimbursement from the wholesale sellers for the prepaid
reimbursement amount yet the Company is exposed to a risk over the collectability of such
reimbursement from the wholesale sellers. During the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2016, the
Company did not incur any material losses with respect to the compensation provided under this
program. Given that the maximum compensation for each wholesale seller is the pre-determined based on
their individual risk assessments by the Company based on their credit profile or other relevant
information, the Company determined that the likelihood of material default on such payments are not
probable and therefore no provisions have been made in relation to this program.
(f) In the ordinary course of business, the Company makes strategic investments in privately held companies
and listed securities to increase the service offerings and expand capabilities. The Company continually
reviews its investments to determine whether a decline in fair value below the carrying value is other than
temporary. The primary factors which the Company considers in its determination include the length of
time that the fair value of the investment is below the Company’s carrying value; post-balance sheet date
fair value of the investment; the financial condition, operating performance, strategic collaboration with
and the prospects of the investee; the economic or technological environment in which the investee
operates; and other entity specific information such as recent financing rounds completed by the investee
companies. Fair value of the listed securities is subject to volatility and may be materially affected by
F-86