method. We periodically review changes in technology and industry conditions, asset retirement activity and
residual values to determine adjustments to estimated remaining useful lives and depreciation and amortization
rates. Actual economic lives may differ from estimated useful lives. Periodic reviews could result in a change in
estimated useful lives and therefore depreciation and amortization expenses in future periods.
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Relating to Loan and WIT Receivables
We record allowances for doubtful accounts primarily on the micro loans and VAT receivables according to
our best estimate of the losses inherent in the outstanding loan portfolio and VAT receivables. The credit periods
extended by us to the merchants relating to micro loans generally range from 7 days to 360 days and the collection
periods for the VAT receivables generally range from three to six months. We estimate the allowances by
multiplying pre-determined percentages to the outstanding loan amounts based on the aging of the loans. Given
that substantially all borrowers of the micro loans are merchants on our marketplaces, we are able to monitor the
transaction history of these merchants and other operating data accumulated on our platforms, and assess the
general financial health of these borrowers. VAT receivables mainly represent VAT receivables from relevant PRC
tax authorities arising from OneTouch’s VAT refund service. We monitor the aging of the VAT receivables and
assess the collectability of these VAT receivables. Judgment is required to determine the percentages used to
determine the allowance amounts and whether such amounts are adequate to cover potential bad debts, and
periodic reviews are performed to ensure such percentages continue to reﬂect our best estimate of the inherent
losses based on our assessment of the merchants’ ability to repay the loans or the collectability of the VAT
receivables. The micro loans and the allowance for doubtful accounts relating to micro loans balances were
insignificant as of March 31, 2016 because we disposed substantially all of such business and assets upon the
completion of the restructuring of our relationship with Ant Financial Services during the year ended March 31,
2015. See “Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions — B. Related Party Transactions —
Agreements and Transactions Related to Ant Financial Services and its Subsidiaries — 2014 Restructuring of Our
Relationship with Ant Financial Services and Alipay.”
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued Accounting Standards Update, or
ASU, 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers,” which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements
in “Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)” and requires entities to recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer
of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reﬂects the consideration to which the entity expects
to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14 to defer the
effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10 to clarify
ASU 2014-09 on identifying performance obligations and licensing implementation guidance contained in the new
revenue recognition standard. The new guidance is effective retrospectively for us for the year ending March 31,
2019 and the interim reporting periods during the year ending March 31, 2019, with early application permitted
only for the annual reporting period ending March 31, 2018 and the interim reporting periods during the year
ending March 31, 2018. We are evaluating the existing revenue recognition policies to determine whether any
contracts in the scope of the guidance will be affected by the new requirements.
In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01, “Income Statement — Extraordinary and Unusual Items,”
which eliminates the concept of extraordinary and unusual items from US. GAAP. The new guidance is effective
prospectively for us for the year end ending March 31, 2017 and interim reporting periods during the year ending
March 31, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The revised guidance will not have a material effect on our financial
position, results of operations or cash ﬂows. We are evaluating the effects, if any, of the adoption of this revised
guidance on our financial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02, “Consolidation (Topic 810) —Amendments to the
Consolidation Analysis,” which amends the criteria for determining which entities are considered VIEs, amends the
criteria for determining if a service provider possesses a variable interest in a VIE and ends the deferral granted to
investment companies for application of the VIE consolidation model. The guidance is effective for us for the year
147