data insights and technology to improve efficiency across the logistics value chain. The proprietary data platform
provides real-time access to data for merchants to better manage their inventory and warehousing and for
consumers to track their orders. In addition, Cainiao Network’s data platform helps logistics service providers to
improve the efficiency and effectiveness of their services, such as leveraging data to optimize the delivery routes
used by express courier companies.
Cainiao Network provides two major types of services — assisted-delivery services and end-to-end logistics
solutions.
° Assisted-delivery services are data- and technology-based value-added services that link merchants to logistics
service providers, provide real-time order tracking information to consumers and enhance logistics
efficiency. Merchants select the services of particular logistics service providers that rely on Cainiao
Network’s proprietary data platform for accuracy of delivery information and optimization of delivery
routes. Under the assisted-delivery model, merchants assume the responsibility for order fulfillment out of
their chosen warehouses, and they pay for express courier companies to pick up, transport, sort and make
last-mile deliveries to the end consumers. This model does not require Cainiao Network to invest in capital
intensive warehouse, transport or last-mile assets. Currently the vast majority of packages from our China
retail marketplaces are fulfilled and delivered under the assisted-delivery model.
Through the platform approach, Cainiao Network integrates the resources of logistics service providers to
build out the logistics ecosystem. As of March 31, 2016, Cainiao Network’s fifteen strategic express courier
partners employed over 1,700,000 delivery personnel in more than 600 cities and 31 provinces in China,
according to data provided by them. Collectively they operated more than 150,000 hubs and sorting stations.
The top six of these express courier partners handled the delivery of the majority of packages from our
China retail marketplaces in the twelve months ended March 31, 2016. We believe that orders from
transactions generated on our marketplaces represented a significant portion of these express courier
partners’ total delivery volumes in the twelve months ended March 31, 2016. Cainiao Network is still in an
early stage of development. It has yet to monetize the majority of the value-added services it provides under
the assisted-delivery model.
° End-to-end logistics solutions are fulfillment and delivery services offered to merchants where Cainiao
Network assumes responsibility of getting packages to the end consumers. Cainiao Network uses a
combination of owned and partner warehouses to fulfill orders, and it collaborates with providers in
warehouse operations, line haul services and express courier services to complete the last-mile delivery. To
provide a high quality solution, Cainiao Network oversees the entire logistics process and promotes
standardization on efficiency metrics. During the process, Cainiao Network also trains the capabilities of its
logistics partners through technology and data insights.
In addition to enabling the fulfillment and delivery of orders that fit in standard size packages, we and
Cainiao Network also partner with specialized logistics service providers for category-specific solutions
where items require special handling and services. The following are examples of category-specific solutions
that we and Cainiao Network have organized to enhance the consumer experience:
0 Large appliances. We have entered into a joint venture with Haier Electronics to invest in its logistics
subsidiary, RRS, to handle logistics services for large appliances. Partnering with RRS, Cainiao Network
provides large appliances merchants with inventory planning tools, data analytics, and logistics services
that enhance consumer experience through more efficient inventory placement.
° Consumer electronics. In connection with our agreement to invest in Suning, one of the largest electronics
retail chain in China with 1,600 stores and over 60 national and regional distribution centers as of
December 31, 2015, we and Cainiao Network are cooperating with Suning to leverage their retail and
logistics assets relating to warehousing and delivery capabilities, and after-sale servicing and returns of
electronics products.
76