Depositary fees payable upon the issuance and cancellation of ADSs are typically paid to the depositary bank
by the brokers (on behalf of their clients) receiving the newly issued ADSs from the depositary bank and by the
brokers (on behalf of their clients) delivering the ADSs to the depositary bank for cancellation. The brokers in
turn charge these fees to their clients. Depositary fees payable in connection with distributions of cash or securities
to ADS holders and the depositary services fee are charged by the depositary bank to the holders of record of
ADSs as of the applicable ADS record date.
The Depositary fees payable for cash distributions are generally deducted from the cash being distributed. In
the case of distributions other than cash (i.e., stock dividend, rights), the depositary bank charges the applicable fee
to the ADS record date holders concurrent with the distribution. In the case of ADSs registered in the name of
the investor (whether certificated or uncertificated in direct registration), the depositary bank sends invoices to the
applicable record date ADS holders. In the case of ADSs held in brokerage and custodian accounts (via DTC), the
depositary bank generally collects its fees through the systems provided by DT C (whose nominee is the registered
holder of the ADSs held in DTC) from the brokers and custodians holding ADSs in their DT C accounts. The
brokers and custodians who hold their clients’ ADSs in DT C accounts in turn charge their clients’ accounts the
amount of the fees paid to the depositary banks.
In the event of refusal to pay the depositary fees, the depositary bank may, under the terms of the deposit
agreement, refuse the requested service until payment is received or may set off the amount of the depositary fees
from any distribution to be made to the ADS holder.
Note that the fees and charges you may be required to pay may vary over time and may be changed by us and
by the depositary. You will receive prior notice of such changes.
Fees and Payments from the Depositary to Us
Our depositary has agreed to reimburse us for certain expenses we incur that are related to the administration
and maintenance of the ADS program. There are limits on the amount of expenses for which the depositary will
reimburse us, but the amount of reimbursement available to us is not related to the amounts of fees the depositary
collects from investors. The depositary has reimbursed us for any expenses related to the administration and
maintenance of the facility in an amount of US$137 million, after deduction of applicable US. taxes, for the year
ended March 31, 2016.
201