We may not be able to acquire a direct equity ownership interest in Ant Financial Services.
In August 2014, we entered into a share and asset purchase agreement, or the 2014 SAPA, to restructure the
economic terms of our relationship with Alipay and Ant Financial Services. The 2014 SAPA provides for future
potential equity issuances of up to 33% of equity interest in Ant Financial Services to us in the event that Ant
Financial Services applies for and receives certain PRC regulatory approvals in the future. In addition, in the event
of a qualified IPO of Ant Financial Services or Alipay, if our total ownership of equity interests in Ant Financial
Services, if any, has not reached 33%, we would be entitled, at our election, to receive a one-time payment equal
to 37.5% of the equity value, immediately prior to such qualified IPO of Ant Financial Services, as a whole and
not just of its subsidiary Alipay. If we acquire equity interests in Ant Financial Services in an aggregate amount
less than the full 33% equity interest, then the percentage of Ant Financial Services’ equity value used to calculate
the liquidity event payment will be reduced proportionately. If Ant Financial Services does not receive the required
PRC regulatory approvals mentioned above, we will not be able to acquire a direct equity ownership interest in
Ant Financial Services, and we would fail to benefit from any appreciation in its equity value beyond the date of a
qualified IPO of Ant Financial Services or Alipay. Our inability to reap the benefits of any appreciation in equity
value of Ant Financial Services, including in connection with a qualified IPO of Ant Financial Services or Alipay,
could represent a significant missed opportunity that is beyond our control. In addition, if we elect to receive a
one-time payment equal to 37.5 % of the equity value, immediately prior to such qualified IPO of Ant Financial
Services, it is possible that Ant Financial Services will not have sufficient funds to make the payment in a timely
manner or on a schedule acceptable to us. See “Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions —
B. Related Party Transactions —Agreements and Transactions Related to Ant Financial Services and its
Subsidiaries — 2014 Restructuring of Our Relationship with Ant Financial Services and Alipay.”
Tightening of tax compliance efforts with respect to the revenue or proﬁt generated by our merchants could materially and
adversely aﬁect our business, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
E-commerce in China is still developing, and the PRC government may require operators of marketplaces,
such as our company, to assist in the collection of taxes with respect to the revenue or profit generated by
merchants from transactions conducted on their platforms. A significant number of small businesses and sole
proprietors operating businesses through storefronts on Taobao Marketplace may not have completed the required
tax registration. PRC tax authorities may enforce registration requirements that target small businesses or sole
proprietors on Taobao Marketplace and may request our assistance in these efforts. As a result, these merchants
may be subject to more stringent tax compliance requirements and liabilities and their business on our
marketplaces could suffer or they could decide to remove their storefronts from our marketplace rather than
comply, which could in turn negatively affect us. We may also be requested by tax authorities to supply information
on our merchants, such as transaction records and bank account information, and assist in the enforcement of tax
regulations, including the payment and withholding obligations against our merchants, in which case, we may lose
existing merchants and potential merchants might not be willing to open storefronts on our marketplaces.
Potential heightened enforcement against participants in e-commerce transactions (including imposition of
reporting or withholding obligations on operators of marketplaces with respect to value-added tax of merchants)
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We have been and may continue to be subject to allegations and lawsuits claiming that items listed and content available
on our marketplaces and websites are pirated, counterfeit or illegal.
We have received in the past, and we anticipate we will receive in the future, communications alleging that
items offered, sold or made available through our online marketplaces and websites by third parties or that we
make available through other services, such as our online music platform, infringe third-party copyrights,
trademarks and patents or other intellectual property rights. Although we have adopted measures to verify the
authenticity of products sold on our marketplaces and to minimize potential infringement of third—party intellectual
property rights through our intellectual property infringement complaint and take-down procedures, these
21