appoint such number of additional directors to the board as necessary to ensure that the directors nominated or
appointed by the Alibaba Partnership comprise a simple majority of our board of directors.
In determining the Alibaba Partnership director nominees who will stand for election to our board, the
partnership committee will propose director nominees who will be voted on by all of the partners, and those
nominees who receive a simple majority of the votes of the partners will be selected for such purposes. The
director nominees of the Alibaba Partnership may be partners of the Alibaba Partnership or other qualified
individuals who are not affiliated with the Alibaba Partnership.
The Alibaba Partnership’s right to nominate or appoint up to a simple majority of our directors is conditioned
on the Alibaba Partnership being governed by the partnership agreement in effect as of the completion of our
initial public offering in September 2014, or as may be amended in accordance with its terms from time to time.
Any amendment to the provisions of the partnership agreement relating to the purpose of the partnership, or to
the manner in which the Alibaba Partnership exercises its right to nominate a simple majority of our directors, will
be subject to the approval of the majority of our directors who are not nominees or appointees of the Alibaba
Partnership and are “independent directors” within the meaning of Section 303A of the New York Stock Exchange
Listed Company Manual. The provisions relating to nomination rights and procedures described above are
incorporated in our articles of association. Pursuant to our articles of association, the Alibaba Partnership’s
nomination rights and related provisions of our articles of association may only be changed upon the vote of
shareholders representing 95% of the votes present in person or by proxy at a general meeting of shareholders.
Our board of directors currently consists of eleven members, and five of these directors are Alibaba
Partnership nominees. If at any time our board of directors consists of less than a simple majority of directors
nominated or appointed by the Alibaba Partnership for any reason — including because the Alibaba Partnership
had previously not exercised its right to nominate or appoint a simple majority of our board of directors — the
Alibaba Partnership will be entitled (in its sole discretion and without the need for any additional shareholder
approval) to nominate or appoint such number of additional directors as necessary to ensure that the directors
nominated or appointed by the Alibaba Partnership comprise a simple majority of our board of directors.
Accordingly, the Alibaba Partnership is entitled to nominate or appoint two additional directors to our board,
which would increase the total number of directors to thirteen. We have entered into a voting agreement pursuant
to which both SoftBank and Yahoo will agree to vote their shares in favor of the Alibaba Partnership director
nominees at each annual general shareholders meeting so long as SoftBank owns at least 15% of our outstanding
ordinary shares. Accordingly, for so long as SoftBank and Yahoo remain substantial shareholders, we expect the
Alibaba Partnership nominees will receive a majority of votes cast at any meeting for the election of directors and
will be elected as directors. See “Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions — B. Related Party
Transactions — Transactions and Agreements with SoftBank and Yahoo — Voting Agreement.”
158