Transactions with Weibo
We entered into a strategic collaboration agreement and a marketing cooperation agreement with Weibo
during fiscal year 2014, pursuant to which Weibo provided marketing services. In fiscal years 2014, 2015 and 2016,
the amounts paid to Weibo pursuant to these agreements were RMB154 million, RMB654 million and
RMB715 million (US$111 million), respectively.
We also have other commercial arrangements with Weibo primarily relating to the provision of cloud
computing services. In connection with the services we provided, Weibo paid us nil, RMB2 million and
RMB38 million (US$6 million) in fiscal years 2014, 2015 and 2016, respectively.
Contractual Arrangements among Our Wholly-foreign Owned Enterprises, Variable Interest Entities and the
Variable Interest Entity Equity Holders
Chinese law restricts foreign ownership in enterprises that provide value-added telecommunications services,
which includes the ICPs. As a result, we operate our Internet businesses and other businesses in which foreign
investment is restricted or prohibited in China through contractual arrangements between our wholly-foreign
owned enterprises, our variable interest entities, which, where applicable, hold the ICP licenses and other regulated
licenses and generally operate our Internet businesses and other businesses in which foreign investment is
restricted or prohibited, and the variable interest entity equity holders. For a description of these contractual
arrangements, see “Item 4. Information on the Company — C. Organizational Structure — Contractual
Arrangements among Our Wholly-foreign Owned Enterprises, Variable Interest Entities and the Variable Interest
Entity Equity Holders.”
Indemniﬁcation Agreements
We have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and executive officers. These agreements
require us to indemnify such individuals, to the fullest extent permitted by law, for certain liabilities to which they
may become subject as a result of their affiliation with us.
Employment Agreements
See “Item. 6 Directors, Senior Management and Employees — B. Compensation — Employment
Agreements.”
Share Options
See “Item. 6 Directors, Senior Management and Employees — B. Compensation — Equity Incentive Plans.”
C. Interests of Experts and Counsel
Not applicable.
ITEM 8 FINANCIAL INFORMATION
A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information
See “Item 18. Financial Statements.”
Legal and Administrative Proceedings
We are involved from time to time, and may in the future be involved in, litigation, claims or other disputes in
the ordinary course of business regarding, among other things, contract disputes with our customers, copyright,
trademark and other intellectual property infringement claims, consumer protection claims, employment related
cases and other matters in the ordinary course of our and disputes between our merchants and consumers.
We establish balance sheet provisions relating to potential losses from litigation based on estimates of such
losses. For this purpose, we classify potential losses as remote, reasonably possible or probable. We analyze
186