ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
(2) Derivatives and hedging (Continued)
Forward exchange contracts
Forward exchange contracts designated as hedging instruments to hedge against the future changes in currency
exposure of net investments in foreign operations may qualify as net investment hedges. During the year
ended March 31, 2016, the Company entered into several forward exchange contracts to hedge the foreign
currency risk associated with investments in net assets of certain subsidiaries with operations in the PRC of
which their functional currencies are RMB. The effective portion of the changes in fair value of the forward
exchange contracts that are designated and qualified as net investment hedges is recognized in accumulated
other comprehensive income to offset the cumulative translation adjustments related to those subsidiaries. The
gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion, which is measured based on changes in forward exchange rates,
is recognized immediately in other income, net in the consolidated income statements. Amounts accumulated
are removed from accumulated other comprehensive income and recognized in the consolidated income
statements upon disposal of those subsidiaries. Once the hedge becomes ineffective, hedge accounting is
discontinued prospectively. As of March 31, 2016, forward exchange contracts with fair value of US$40 million
(RMB257 million) are qualified and designated as hedging instruments. During the year ended March 31,
2016, the Company recognized a loss of US$46 million (RMB298 million) in other income, net in the
consolidated income statement, which was the aggregate of (i) the changes in fair value of the forward
exchange contracts not qualified for hedge accounting and (ii) the ineffective portion of the changes in fair
value of the forward exchange contracts that are designated and qualified as net investment hedges.
Changes in the fair value of the derivatives not qualified for hedge accounting are reported in the
consolidated income statements. The estimated fair value of the derivatives is determined based on relevant
market information. These estimates are calculated with reference to the market rates using industry standard
valuation techniques.
(aa) Bank borrowing and unsecured senior notes
Bank borrowings are recognized initially at fair value, net of upfront fees and other incident fees incurred.
Unsecured senior notes are recognized initially at fair value, net of debt discounts or premiums and debt
issuance costs. Costs incurred which are directly attributable to the bank borrowings and unsecured senior
notes are capitalized and amortized over the estimated term of the facilities using the effective interest
method. Upfront fees, debt discount or premium and debt issuance costs are recorded as a reduction of the
proceeds received and the related accretion is recorded as interest expense in the consolidated income
statements over the estimated term of the facilities using the effective interest method.
(ab) Merchant deposits
The Company collects deposits representing an annual upfront service fee from merchants on Tmall at the
beginning of each calendar year. These deposits are initially recorded as a liability by the Company. Such
deposits are refundable to a merchant depending on the level of sales volume that is generated by that
merchant on Tmall during the period. If the transaction volume target is not met at the end of each calendar
year, the relevant deposits will be non-refundable and such portion of the deposits is recognized as revenue in
the consolidated income statements.
F-3O