Labor Laws and Social Insurance
Pursuant to the PRC Labor Law and the PRC Labor Contract Law, employers must execute written labor
contracts with full-time employees. All employers must comply with local minimum wage standards. Violations of
the PRC Labor Contract Law and the PRC Labor Law may result in the imposition of fines and other
administrative and criminal liability in the case of serious violations.
In addition, according to the PRC Social Insurance Law and the Regulations on the Administration of
Housing Funds, employers in China must provide employees with welfare schemes covering pension insurance,
unemployment insurance, maternity insurance, work-related injury insurance, medical insurance and housing funds.
Anti-monopoly Law
The PRC Anti-monopoly Law, which took effect on August 1, 2008, prohibits monopolistic conduct, such as
entering into monopoly agreements, abuse of dominant market position and concentration of undertakings that
have the effect of eliminating or restricting competition.
Monopoly Agreement
Competing business operators may not enter into monopoly agreements that eliminate or restrict competition,
such as by boycotting transactions, fixing or changing the price of commodities, limiting the output of commodities,
fixing the price of commodities for resale to third parties, among others, unless such agreement will satisfy the
exemptions under the Anti-monopoly Law, such as improving technologies, increasing the efficiency and
competitiveness of small and medium-sized undertakings, or safeguarding legitimate interests in cross-border trade
and economic cooperation with foreign counterparts. Sanctions for violations include an order to cease the relevant
activities, and confiscation of illegal gains and fines (from 1% to 10% of sales revenue from the previous year, or
RMB500,000 if the intended monopoly agreement has not been performed).
Abuse of Dominant Market Position
A business operator with a dominant market position may not abuse its dominant market position to conduct
acts, such as selling commodities at unfairly high prices or buying commodities at unfairly low prices, selling
products at prices below cost without any justifiable cause, and refusing to trade with a trading party without any
justifiable cause. Sanctions for violation of the prohibition on the abuse of dominant market position include an
order to cease the relevant activities, confiscation of the illegal gains and fines (from 1% to 10% of sales revenue
from the previous year).
Concentration of Undertakings
Where a concentration of undertakings reaches the declaration threshold stipulated by the State Council, a
declaration must be approved by the anti-monopoly authority before the parties implement the concentration.
Concentration refers to (1) a merger of undertakings; (2) acquiring control over other undertakings by acquiring
equities or assets; or (3) acquisition of control over, or the possibility of exercising decisive inﬂuence on, an
undertaking by contract or by any other means. If business operators fail to comply with the mandatory declaration
requirement, the anti-monopoly authority is empowered to terminate and/or unwind the transaction, dispose of
relevant assets, shares or businesses within certain periods and impose fines of up to RMB500,000.
See “Item 3. Key Information — D. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business and Industry — We may
become the target of anti-monopoly and unfair competition claims, which may result in our being subject to fines
as well as constraints on our business.”
Anti-Terrorism Law
The PRC Anti-Terrorism Law, which was promulgated on December 27, 2015 and came into effect on
January 1, 2016, imposes obligations on telecommunication business operators and Internet service providers to
100