Recent Investment, Acquisition and Strategic Alliance Activities
In addition to organic growth, we have made, or have entered into agreements to make, strategic investments,
acquisitions and alliances that are intended to further our strategic objectives. The financial results for these
strategic transactions that were completed are reﬂected in our operating results beginning with the period of their
respective completion. The investments in which we did not obtain control are accounted for under the equity
method if we have significant inﬂuence over the investees through investment in common stock or in-substance
common stock, or otherwise under the cost method or accounted for as investment securities based on our
accounting policies over different categories of investments and merger and acquisition activities. For the details of
our accounting policies for each category of our investments, see notes 2(d), 2(5) and 2(t) to our consolidated
financial statements for the years ended March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016 included elsewhere in this annual report.
Our investment and acquisition strategy focuses on three objectives:
0 increasing user acquisition and engagement;
° improving customer experience; and
0 expanding our products and services.
We take a deliberate and staged approach to our investment and acquisition strategy. In some cases, we may
begin with an initial minority investment followed by business cooperation. We have chosen to make minority
investments in some circumstances instead of full acquisitions for one or more of the following reasons: (i) the
investee has strong management, where we allow them to have operating independence and potential upside tied
to their business in order to retain them; (ii) the investee does not fit within our core business operations but can
generate strategic synergies through an equity relationship; and/or (iii) the investee demonstrates clear strategic
value to us but capital or integration risk in the near term suggests a deliberate and phased-in approach. Where
the business results, cooperation and the overall relationship established with the management of the investee
company show increasing value to our ongoing business strategy, we may increase our investment or acquire the
investee company completely. Examples of this type of approach include our investments in UCWeb, AutoNaVi and
Youku Tudou, where the period from initial investment to eventual acquisition spanned more than one fiscal year.
We have funded our strategic acquisitions and investments primarily from cash generated from our operations
and through debt and equity financing. Our debt financing primarily consists of unsecured senior notes and bank
borrowings. We have issued an aggregate of US$80 billion unsecured senior notes. We have entered into a
five-year term loan facility of US$4.0 billion, of which $3.0 billion was drawn down subsequent to March 31, 2016.
We have also entered into a US$30 billion revolving credit facility, which we have not yet drawn. Going forward,
we expect to fund additional investments through cash generated from our operations and through debt and equity
financing when opportunities arise in the future. Although we expect our margins to be negatively affected by
acquisitions of target companies with lower or negative margins, such as our recent acquisitions of Youku Tudou
and a controlling stake in Lazada, we do not expect our investment activities to have any significant negative
impact on our liquidity or operations. We believe acquired businesses operating at a loss do not detract from the
total value of our company because they bring clear strategic value to us in the long run. However, there can be no
assurance that our future financial results would not be materially and adversely affected if our strategic
investments and acquisitions are not successful. See “Item 3. Key Information — D. Risk Factors — Risks Related
to Our Business and Industry — Increased investments in our business, strategic acquisitions and investments as
well as our focus on long-term performance and maintaining the health of our ecosystem may negatively affect our
margins and our net income” and “Item 3. Key Information — D. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business
and Industry — We face risks relating to our acquisitions, investments and alliances.”
Our significant recent strategic investments and acquisitions (including those that are under definitive
agreement but have not closed) in fiscal year 2016 and the period through the date of this annual report are set
forth below.
117