B. Plan of Distribution
Not applicable.
C. Markets
Our ADSs, each representing one of our ordinary shares, have been listed on the New York Stock Exchange
since September 19, 2014 under the symbol “BABA.”
D. Selling Shareholders
Not applicable.
E. Dilution
Not applicable.
E Expenses of the Issue
Not applicable.
ITEM 10 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
A. Share Capital
Not applicable.
B. Memorandum and Articles of Association
We incorporate by reference into this annual report the description of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association contained in our F-1 registration statement (File No. 333-195736), as
amended, initially filed with the SEC on May 6, 2014. Our shareholders adopted our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association by a special resolution on September 2, 2014, and effective upon
completion of our initial public offering of ordinary shares represented by our ADSs.
C. Material Contracts
We have not entered into any material contracts other than in the ordinary course of business and other than
those described in “Item 4. Information on the Company,” “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and
Prospects” or elsewhere in this annual report.
D. Exchange Controls
See “Item 4. Information on the Company — B. Business Overview — Regulation — Regulation of Foreign
Exchange and Dividend Distribution — Foreign Exchange Regulation.”
E. Taxation
The following is a general summary of certain Cayman Islands, PRC and United States federal income tax
consequences relevant to an investment in our ADSs and ordinary shares. The discussion is not intended to be, nor
should it be construed as, legal or tax advice to any particular prospective purchaser. The discussion is based on
laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this annual report, all of which are subject to
change or different interpretations, possibly with retroactive effect. The discussion does not address US. state or
local tax laws, or tax laws of jurisdictions other than the Cayman Islands, the People’s Republic of China and the
United States. You should consult your own tax advisors with respect to the consequences of acquisition, ownership
and disposition of our ADSs and ordinary shares. To the extent that this discussion relates to matters of Cayman
190