(1) Represents rights under the Senior Management Equity Incentive Plan subscribed for at a subscription price of US$0.50 per preference share
in 2010.
(2) Represents RSUs.
(3) Represents unvested restricted shares related to options early exercised.
(4) Represents rights under the Partner Capital Investment Plan subscribed for at US$4.00 per preference share. See note 8(c) to our
consolidated financial statements for the years ended March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016 included elsewhere in this annual report for further
information.
(5) Represents options.
(6) Date of grant represents the original grant date of the options, RSUs and other rights held by the respective director or executive officer.
Each outstanding option and RSU described in this table that is not held by a US. resident was cancelled and replaced with a new grant
under the terms of the 2014 Plan (as described herein) with such terms and conditions that are substantially similar to those that applied to
the cancelled awards.
C. Board Practices
Nomination and Terms of Directors
Pursuant to our articles of association, our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors
designated as Group I, Group II and Group III, each generally serving a three-year term unless earlier removed.
The Group I directors currently consist of Joe Tsai, Michael Evans, Jonathan Lu and Borje Ekholm; the Group II
directors currently consist of Daniel Zhang, Chee Hwa Tung, Jerry Yang and Wan Ling Martello; and the
Group III directors currently consist of Jack Ma, Masayoshi Son and Walter Kwauk. Unless otherwise determined
by the shareholders in a general meeting, our board will consist of not less than nine directors for so long as
SoftBank has a director nomination right. The Alibaba Partnership has the exclusive right to nominate up to a
simple majority of our board of directors, and SoftBank has the right to nominate one director for so long as
SoftBank owns at least 15% of our outstanding shares. If at any time our board of directors consists of less than a
simple majority of directors nominated or appointed by the Alibaba Partnership for any reason, including because
a director previously nominated by the Alibaba Partnership ceases to be a member of our board of directors or
because the Alibaba Partnership had previously not exercised its right to nominate or appoint a simple majority of
our board of directors, the Alibaba Partnership shall be entitled (in its sole discretion) to appoint such number of
additional directors to the board as necessary to ensure that the directors nominated or appointed by the Alibaba
Partnership comprise a simple majority of our board of directors. The remaining members of the board of
directors will be nominated by the nominating and corporate governance committee of the board. Director
nominees will be elected by the simple majority vote of shareholders at our annual general meeting.
If a director nominee is not elected by our shareholders or departs our board of directors for any reason, the
party or group entitled to nominate that director has the right to appoint a different person to serve as an interim
director of the class in which the vacancy exists until our next scheduled annual general meeting of shareholders.
At the next scheduled annual general meeting of shareholders, the appointed interim director or a replacement
director nominee (who, in the case of Alibaba Partnership nominees, cannot be the original nominee) will stand
for election for the remainder of the term of the class of directors to which the original nominee would
have belonged.
For additional information, see “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees — A. Directors and
Senior Management — Alibaba Partnership” and “Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions —
B. Related Party Transactions — Transactions and Agreements with SoftBank and Yahoo — Voting Agreement.”
Code of Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines
We have adopted a code of ethics, which is applicable to all of our directors, executive officers and employees.
Our code of ethics is publicly available on our website.
In addition, our board of directors has adopted a set of corporate governance guidelines covering a variety of
matters, including approval of related party transactions. Our corporate governance guidelines also provide that
any adoption of a new equity incentive plan and any material amendments to such plans will be subject to the
approval of our non-executive directors and also provide that the director nominated by SoftBank is entitled to
167