ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
4. Signiﬁcant equity transactions, restructuring transactions, mergers and acquisitions and equity investments
(Continued)
(f) Acquisition of UCWeb Inc. (“UCWeb”) (Continued)
UCWeb is an important part of the Company’s ecosystem to offer mobile services to users from the PRC as
well as other parts of the world, thereby strengthening user engagement as well as enabling a new marketing
channel for the merchants in the Company’s ecosystem. Furthermore, UCWeb creates additional revenue
sources for the Company from mobile search and advertising and others. Goodwill arising from this
acquisition was attributable to the synergies expected from the combined operations of UCWeb and the
Company, the assembled workforce and the future development initiatives of the assembled workforce to
enhance the mobile offerings of the Company beyond e-commerce.
(g) Acquisition of Shenzhen OneTouch Business Services Ltd. (“OneTouch”)
In May 2014, the Company completed an acquisition of the remaining interests of OneTouch. The total
purchase price consisted of cash consideration of RMB790 million and contingent consideration with a fair
value of RMB1,094 million. Prior to this transaction, the Company had previously invested 65% interest in
OneTouch by cash consideration and contingent consideration in 2011 and OneTouch was an equity investee
which was accounted for under the equity method with a carrying amount of RMB196 million. OneTouch is a
provider of comprehensive export-related services tailored to the needs of small businesses in the PRC,
including customs clearance, logistics, cargo insurance, currency exchange, tax refund, financing and
certification.
The allocation of the purchase price at the date of acquisition is summarized as follows:
Amounts
(in millions of RMB)
Net assets acquired 105
Amortizable intangible assets (i)
User base and customer relationships 25
Trade names, trademarks and domain names 196
Developed technology and patents 4
Non-compete agreements 703
Goodwill 3,998
Deferred tax liabilities (232)
Total 4,799
Total purchase price comprised of:
- cash consideration 790
- contingent cash consideration 1,094
- fair value of previously held equity interests 2,915
Total 4,799
(i) Acquired amortizable intangible assets have estimated amortization periods not exceeding five years and a
weighted-average amortization period of 4.5 years
F-45