ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
(c) Consolidation (Continued)
Details of the typical VIE structure of the Company’s significant VIEs, primarily domestic companies
associated with the operations of Taobao Marketplace, Tmall, Juhuasuan, 1688.com, AliExpress, Alibaba.com
and Alibaba Cloud Computing, are set forth below:
(i) Contracts that give the Company effective control of VIEs
Loan agreements
Pursuant to the relevant loan agreements, the respective WFOEs have granted interest-free loans to the
relevant VIEs equity holders, which may only be used for the purpose of capital contributions to the
relevant VIEs or as may be otherwise agreed by the WFOEs. The WFOEs may require acceleration of
repayment at their absolute discretion. When the VIEs equity holders make early repayment of the
outstanding amount, the WFOEs or a third party designated by the WFOEs may purchase the equity
interests in the VIEs at a price equal to the outstanding amount of the loan, subject to any applicable
PRC laws, rules and regulations. The VIEs equity holders undertake not to enter into any prohibited
transactions in relation to the VIEs, including the transfer of any business, material assets, intellectual
property rights or equity interests in the VIEs to any third party.
Exclusive call option agreements
The VIEs equity holders have granted the WFOEs exclusive call options to purchase their equity interest
in the VIEs at an exercise price equal to the higher of (i) the registered capital in the VIEs; and (ii) the
minimum price as permitted by applicable PRC laws. Each relevant VIE has further granted the relevant
WF OE an exclusive call option to purchase its assets at an exercise price equal to the book value of the
assets or the minimum price as permitted by applicable PRC laws, whichever is higher. The WFOEs may
nominate another entity or individual to purchase the equity interest or assets, if applicable, under the
call options. Each call option is exercisable subject to the condition that applicable PRC laws, rules and
regulations do not prohibit completion of the transfer of the equity interest or assets pursuant to the call
option. Each WFOE is entitled to all dividends and other distributions declared by the VIE, and the VIE
equity holders have agreed to give up their rights to receive any distributions or proceeds from the
disposal of their equity interests in the VIE which are in excess of the original registered capital that they
contributed to the VIE, and to pay any such distributions or premium to the WF OE. The exclusive call
option agreements remain in effect until the equity interest or assets that are the subject of such
agreements are transferred to the WFOEs.
Proxy agreements
Pursuant to the relevant proxy agreements, each of the VIEs equity holders irrevocably authorizes any
person designated by the WFOEs to exercise his rights as an equity holder of the VIEs, including the
right to attend and vote at equity holders’ meetings and appoint directors.
Equity pledge agreements
Pursuant to the relevant equity pledge agreements, the relevant VIEs equity holders have pledged all of
their interests in the equity of the VIEs as a continuing first priority security interest in favor of the
F-15