interfaces or for content we distribute or that is linked from our platforms that is deemed inappropriate. It may be
difficult to determine the type of content that may result in liability to us, our websites and platforms, such as
Youku Tudou, which allow users to upload videos and other content to our websites, or our cloud computing
services, which allow users to upload and save massive data on our cloud data centers, may make this even more
difficult. If we are found to be liable, we may be subject to negative publicity, fines, have our relevant business
operation licenses revoked, or be prevented from operating our websites or mobile interfaces in China or other
jurisdictions.
In addition, claims may be brought against us for defamation, libel, negligence, copyright, patent or trademark
infringement, tort (including personal injury), other unlawful activity or other theories and claims based on the
nature and content of information posted on our platforms, including user-generated content, product reviews and
message boards, by our consumers, merchants and other participants.
Regardless of the outcome of such a dispute or lawsuit, we may suffer from negative publicity and reputational
damage as a result of these actions.
Failure to comply with the terms of our indebtedness could result in acceleration of indebtedness, which could have an
adverse eﬁect on our cash ﬂow and liquidity.
We have issued an aggregate of US$80 billion unsecured senior notes. We have also entered into a
US$30 billion revolving credit facility and a five-year term loan facility of US$40 billion. Under the terms of our
unsecured senior notes and credit facilities and under any debt financing arrangement that we may enter into in
the future, we are, and may be in the future, subject to covenants that could, among other things, restrict our
business and operations. If we breach any of these covenants, our lenders and holders of our unsecured senior
notes will be entitled to accelerate our debt obligations. Any default under our credit facilities or unsecured senior
notes could require that we repay these debts prior to maturity as well as limit our ability to obtain additional
financing, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our cash ﬂow and liquidity.
We may need additional capital but may not be able to obtain it on favorable terms or at all.
We may require additional cash resources due to future growth and development of our business, including
any investments or acquisitions we may decide to pursue. If our cash resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash
requirements, we may seek to issue additional equity or debt securities or obtain new or expanded credit facilities.
Our ability to obtain external financing in the future is subject to a variety of uncertainties, including our future
financial condition, results of operations, cash ﬂows, trading price of our ADSs, liquidity of international capital
and lending markets and PRC governmental regulations over foreign investment and the Internet industry in the
PRC. In addition, incurring indebtedness would subject us to increased debt service obligations and could result in
operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. There can be no assurance that financing will
be available in a timely manner or in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Any failure to raise needed
funds on terms favorable to us, or at all, could severely restrict our liquidity as well as have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, any issuance of equity or equity-
linked securities could result in significant dilution to our existing shareholders.
We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with our indebtedness.
We are exposed to interest rate risk related to our indebtedness. The interest rates under our credit facilities
and one tranche of our unsecured senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of US$300 million are based on
a spread over LIBOR. As a result, the interest expenses associated with our indebtedness will be subject to the
potential impact of any ﬂuctuation in LIBOR. Any increase in LIBOR could impact our financing costs if not
effectively hedged. Our RMB denominated bank borrowings are also subject to interest rate risk. Although from
time to time, we use hedging transactions in an effort to reduce our exposure to interest rate risk, these hedges
may not be effective.
32