Under the Tort Liability Law of the PRC, an Internet service provider may be subject to joint liability if it is
aware that an Internet user is infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others through its Internet
services, such as selling counterfeit products, and fails to take necessary measures to stop that activity. If an
Internet service provider receives a notice from an infringed party regarding an infringement, the Internet service
provider is required to take certain measures, including deleting, blocking and unlinking the infringing content, in a
timely manner.
In addition, under the Administrative Measures for Online Trading issued by the SAIC on January 26, 2014,
as an operator of an online trading platform, we must adopt measures to ensure safe online transactions, protect
consumers’ rights and prevent trademark infringement.
Tax Regulations
PRC Enterprise Income Tax
The PRC enterprise income tax, or EIT, is calculated based on the taxable income determined under the
applicable EIT Law and its implementation rules, which became effective on January 1, 2008. The EIT Law
generally imposes a uniform enterprise income tax rate of 25% on all resident enterprises in China, including
foreign-invested enterprises.
The EIT Law and its implementation rules permit certain High and New Technologies Enterprises, or HNTEs,
to enjoy a reduced 15% enterprise income tax rate subject to these HNTEs meeting certain qualification criteria.
In addition, the relevant EIT laws and regulations also provide that entities recognized as Software Enterprises are
able to enjoy a tax holiday consisting of a 2-year-exemption commencing from their first profitable calendar year
and a 50% reduction in ordinary tax rate for the following three calendar years, while entities qualified as Key
Software Enterprises can enjoy a preferential EIT rate of 10%. A number of our PRC subsidiaries and operating
entities enjoy these types of preferential tax treatment. See “Item 10. Additional Information — E. Taxation —
People’s Republic of China Taxation.”
Uncertainties exist with respect to how the EIT Law applies to the tax residence status of Alibaba Group and
our offshore subsidiaries. Under the EIT Law, an enterprise established outside of China with a “de facto
management body” within China is considered a “resident enterprise,” which means that it is treated in the same
manner as a Chinese enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes. Although the implementation rules of the EIT
Law define “de facto management body” as a managing body that exercises substantive and overall management
and control over the production and business, personnel, accounting books and assets of an enterprise, the only
official guidance for this definition currently available is set forth in Circular 82 issued by the State Administration
of Taxation, which provides guidance on the determination of the tax residence status of a Chinese-controlled
offshore incorporated enterprise, defined as an enterprise that is incorporated under the laws of a foreign country
or territory and that has a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as its primary controlling shareholder. Although
Alibaba Group Holding Limited does not have a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as our primary controlling
shareholder and is therefore not a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise within the meaning of
Circular 82, in the absence of guidance specifically applicable to us, we have applied the guidance set forth in
Circular 82 to evaluate the tax residence status of Alibaba Group and our subsidiaries organized outside the PRC.
According to Circular 82, a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise will be regarded as a PRC tax
resident by virtue of having a “de facto management body” in China and will be subject to PRC enterprise income
tax on its worldwide income only if all of the following criteria are met:
0 the primary location of the day-to-day operational management is in the PRC;
° decisions relating to the enterprise’s financial and human resource matters are made or are subject to
approval by organizations or personnel in the PRC;
° the enterprise’s primary assets, accounting books and records, company seals, and board and shareholders
meeting minutes are located or maintained in the PRC; and
° 50% or more of voting board members or senior executives habitually reside in the PRC.
94