notices and materials for all meetings of committees of our board of directors and, by giving prior notice, may
attend, observe and participate in any discussions at any committee meetings. The guidelines reﬂect certain guiding
principles with respect to our board’s structure, procedures and committees. The guidelines are not intended to
change or interpret any applicable law, rule or regulation or our articles of association.
Duties of Directors
Under Cayman Islands law, all of our directors owe us fiduciary duties, including a duty of loyalty, a duty to
act honestly and a duty to act in good faith and in a manner they believe to be in our best interests. Our directors
also have a duty to exercise the skill they actually possess and such care and diligence that a reasonably prudent
person would exercise in comparable circumstances. In fulfilling their duty of care to us, our directors must ensure
compliance with our articles of association, as amended and restated from time to time. We have the right to seek
damages if a duty owed by any of our directors is breached.
Board Committees
Our board of directors has established an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and
corporate governance committee. Our corporate governance guidelines provide that a majority of the members of
our compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee will be independent directors
within the meaning of Section 303A of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual. All members of
our audit committee shall be independent within the meaning of Section 303A of the New York Stock Exchange
Listed Company Manual and will meet the criteria for independence set forth in Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act
by the end of the one year transition period for companies following an initial public offering.
Audit Committee
Our audit committee currently consists of Walter Kwauk, Borje Ekholm and Wan Ling Martello. Mr. Kwauk is
the chairman of our audit committee. Mr. Kwauk satisfies the criteria of an audit committee financial expert as set
forth under the applicable rules of the SEC. Mr. Kwauk, Mr. Ekholm and Ms. Martello satisfy the requirements
for an “independent director” within the meaning of Section 303A of the New York Stock Exchange Listed
Company Manual and meet the criteria for independence set forth in Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act.
The audit committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of our financial
statements. Our audit committee is responsible for, among other things:
0 selecting, and evaluating the qualifications, performance and independence of, the independent auditor;
° pre—approving or, as permitted, approving auditing and non-auditing services permitted to be performed by
the independent auditor;
° considering the adequacy of our internal accounting controls and audit procedures;
0 reviewing with the independent auditor any audit problems or difficulties and management’s response;
0 reviewing and approving related party transactions between us and our directors, senior management and
other persons specified in Item 6B of Form 20-F;
° reviewing and discussing the quarterly financial statements and annual audited financial statements with
management and the independent auditor;
° establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received from our employees
regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential, anonymous
submission by our employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters;
0 meeting separately, periodically, with management, internal auditors and the independent auditor; and
0 reporting regularly to the full board of directors.
168