ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
4. Signiﬁcant equity transactions, restructuring transactions, mergers and acquisitions and equity investments
(Continued)
(p) Investment in wealth management products in relation to a founder’s investment in Wasu Media
Holding Co., Ltd. (“Wasu”) (Continued)
In addition, the Company entered into a loan agreement for a principal amount of up to RMB2.0 billion with
the founder in April 2015 to finance the repayment by the founder of the interest under the above financing.
(q) Investment in Meizu Technology Corporation Limited (“Meizu”)
In February 2015, the Company completed an investment in convertible preferred shares of Meizu
representing an equity interest of approximately 29% on a fully-diluted basis. Meizu is one of the leading
smart phone manufacturers in the PRC. The total cash consideration of US$590 million (RMB3,619 million)
was paid upon the closing of the transaction. The convertible preferred shares are not considered in-substance
common stock given that such shares contain certain terms such as dividend and liquidation preferences over
ordinary shares. As a result, the investment in convertible preferred shares is accounted for under the cost
method (Note 14).
(r) Investment in Intime Retail (Group) Company Limited (“Intime”)
In July 2014, the Company completed the subscription for newly issued ordinary shares representing a 9.9%
equity interest in Intime. Intime is one of the leading department store operators in the PRC that is listed on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In addition, the Company completed a subscription for a convertible bond
which is convertible into ordinary shares of Intime and upon conversion would increase the Company’s equity
interest in Intime to approximately 26%. The convertible bond has a maturity date which is the third
anniversary of the issue date of the bond unless previously converted or redeemed upon the occurrence of
certain redemption events, and bears an interest of 1.5% per annum on the principal amount of the bond. The
total cash consideration of HK$5,368 million (RMB4,264 million) was paid upon the closing of the transaction.
The investment in ordinary shares in Intime is accounted for as an available-for-sale security and the
investment in the convertible bond is accounted for under the fair value option and recorded under
investment securities (Note 12).
(s) Investment in Singapore Post Limited (“SingPost”)
In July 2014, the Company completed the acquisition of ordinary shares in SingPost, which consists of newly
issued ordinary shares and existing ordinary shares held in treasury by SingPost, representing approximately
10% of the issued share capital of SingPost. SingPost is a national post service provider in Singapore and a
leading provider of e-commerce logistics solutions in the Asia-Pacific region that is listed on the Singapore
Exchange. The total purchase price of S$313 million (RMB1,548 million) has been paid upon the closing of
the transaction. Such investment is accounted for as an available-for-sale security (Note 12).
In July 2015, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with SingPost, pursuant to which the
Company will invest up to $3392 million (RMB440 million) for a 34% equity interest in a wholly-owned
subsidiary of SingPost, which provides end-to-end e-commerce logistics and fulfillment services across the Asia
Pacific region. The completion of this transaction is subject to a number of customary closing conditions.
In addition, the Company agreed to subscribe for newly issued ordinary shares of SingPost, representing
approximately 5% of the existing issued share capital of SingPost. Upon completion, the Company’s equity
interest in SingPost would increase to approximately 15%. The total cash consideration for the subscription is
F-50