and Taobao (China) Software Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd., Alibaba (China)
Technology Co., Ltd., Hangzhou Alimama Technology Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd., the
respective wholly-foreign owned enterprise on the other hand.
Exclusive call option agreements. The variable interest entity equity holders have granted the wholly-foreign
owned enterprise an exclusive call option to purchase their equity interest in the variable interest entity at an
exercise price equal to the higher of (i) the registered capital in the variable interest entity; and (ii) the minimum
price as permitted by applicable PRC laws. Each relevant variable interest entity has further granted the relevant
wholly-foreign owned enterprise an exclusive call option to purchase its assets at an exercise price equal to the
book value of the assets or the minimum price as permitted by applicable PRC law, whichever is higher. The
wholly-foreign owned enterprise may nominate another entity or individual to purchase the equity interest or
assets, if applicable, under the call options. Each call option is exercisable subject to the condition that applicable
PRC laws, rules and regulations do not prohibit completion of the transfer of the equity interest or assets pursuant
to the call option. Each wholly-foreign owned enterprise is entitled to all dividends and other distributions declared
by the variable interest entity, and the variable interest entity equity holders have agreed to give up their rights to
receive any distributions or proceeds from the disposal of their equity interests in the variable interest entity which
are in excess of the original registered capital that they contributed to the variable interest entity, and to pay any
such distributions or premium to the wholly-foreign owned enterprise. The exclusive call option agreements remain
in effect until the equity interest or assets that are the subject of such agreements are transferred to the wholly
foreign owned enterprise. The parties to the exclusive call option agreement for each of our material variable
interest entities are Jack Ma and Simon Xie as the variable interest entity equity holders, the relevant variable
interest entity and its corresponding wholly-foreign owned enterprise.
Proxy agreements. Pursuant to the relevant proxy agreement, each of the variable interest entity equity
holders irrevocably authorizes any person designated by the wholly-foreign owned enterprise to exercise his rights
as an equity holder of the variable interest entity, including the right to attend and vote at equity holders’ meetings
and appoint directors. The parties to the proxy agreement for each of our material variable interest entities are
Jack Ma and Simon Xie as the variable interest entity equity holders, the relevant variable interest entity and its
corresponding wholly-foreign owned enterprise.
Equity pledge agreements. Pursuant to the relevant equity pledge agreement, the relevant variable interest
entity equity holders have pledged all of their interests in the equity of the variable interest entity as a continuing
first priority security interest in favor of the corresponding wholly-foreign owned enterprise to secure the
outstanding amounts advanced under the relevant loan agreements described above and to secure the performance
of obligations by the variable interest entity and/or its equity holders under the other structure contracts. Each
wholly-foreign owned enterprise is entitled to exercise its right to dispose of the variable interest entity equity
holders’ pledged interests in the equity of the variable interest entity and has priority in receiving payment by the
application of proceeds from the auction or sale of such pledged interests, in the event of any breach or default
under the loan agreement or other structure contracts, if applicable. These equity pledge agreements remain in
force for the duration of the relevant loan agreement and other structure contracts. The parties to the equity
pledge agreement for each of our material variable interest entities are Jack Ma and Simon Xie as the variable
interest entity equity holders, the relevant variable interest entity and its corresponding wholly—foreign owned
enterprise. All of the equity pledges relating to our material variable interest entities have been registered with the
relevant office of the Administration for Industry and Commerce in China.
Contracts that Enable Us to Receive Substantially All of the Economic Beneﬁts from the Variable Interest Entities
Exclusive technical services agreements. Each relevant variable interest entity has entered into an exclusive
technical services agreement with the respective wholly-foreign owned enterprise, pursuant to which the relevant
wholly-foreign owned enterprise provides exclusive technical services to the variable interest entity. In exchange,
the variable interest entity pays a service fee to the wholly-foreign owned enterprise which typically amount to what
105