H. Documents on Display
We have previously filed with the SEC our registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-195736), as
amended, with respect to our ordinary shares and ADSs. As allowed by the SEC, in Item 19 of this annual report,
we incorporate by reference certain information we previously filed with the SEC. This means that we can disclose
important information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information
incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this annual report.
You may read and copy this annual report, including the exhibits incorporated by reference in this annual
report, at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC. 20549 and at the SEC’s
regional offices in New York, New York and Chicago, Illinois. You can also request copies of this annual report,
including the exhibits incorporated by reference in this annual report, upon payment of a duplicating fee, by
writing information on the operation of the SEC’s Public Reference Room.
The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports and other information regarding
registrants that file electronically with the SEC. Our annual report and some of the other information submitted by
us to the SEC may be accessed through this website.
As a foreign private issuer, we are exempt from the rules under the Exchange Act prescribing the furnishing
and content of quarterly reports and proxy statements, and officers, directors and principal shareholders are
exempt from the reporting and short-swing profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act.
In accordance with NYSE Rule 203.01, we will post this annual report on our website wwwalibabagroup.com.
In addition, we will provide hardcopies of our annual report to shareholders, including ADS holders, free of charge
upon request.
I. Subsidiary Information
Not applicable.
ITEM 11 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Market Risks
Interest Rate Risk
Our main interest rate exposure relates to bank borrowings. In addition, one tranche of our unsecured senior
notes bear interest at three-month LIBOR plus 0.520% per annum. We also have interest-bearing assets, including
cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash. We manage our interest rate exposure with a
focus on reducing our overall cost of debt and exposure to changes in interest rates. From time to time, we use
derivatives, such as interest rate swaps, to manage our interest rate exposure. Approximately 92% of the aggregate
principal amount of our bank borrowings and unsecured senior notes was at fixed rates, and the remaining 8% was
at ﬂoating rates as of March 31, 2016.
As of March 31, 2015 and 2016, if interest rates increased/decreased by 1%, with all other variables having
remained constant, and assuming the amount outstanding at March 31, 2015 and 2016 under our bank borrowings
and the tranche of our unsecured senior notes that bear ﬂoating interest was outstanding for the entire respective
fiscal years, profit attributable to equity owners of our company would have been RMB1,202 million and
RMB1,089 million (US$169 million) higher/lower, respectively, mainly as a result of higher/lower interest income
from our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments.
Foreign Exchange Risk
Foreign currency risk arises from future commercial transactions, recognized assets and liabilities and net
investments in foreign operations. Although we operate businesses in different countries, substantially all of our
revenue-generating transactions, and a majority of our expense—related transactions, are denominated in Renminbi,
198