thresholds, in some cases after offering the investment opportunity to the other party, and we will be permitted to
wind down the portion of our SME loan business that is not transferred to Ant Financial Services.
Corporate Governance Provisions
The 2014 SAPA provides that, unless not permitted in connection with a qualified IPO of Ant Financial
Services and subject to other conditions, we and Ant Financial Services will recommend one independent person
who Ant Financial Services will nominate as a member of its board, and Jack Ma, Joe Tsai, Junhan and Junao will
agree to vote the equity interests in Ant Financial Services controlled by them in favor of such nomination.
Pursuant to the 2014 SAPA, we and the other parties agreed on the initial independent director who Ant Financial
Services subsequently nominated and appointed as a member of its board. If such independent director resigns or
such seat otherwise becomes vacant, so long as SoftBank owns at least 20% of our outstanding ordinary shares,
and certain other conditions are satisfied, SoftBank and Jack, acting jointly, will select on our behalf the individual
to be designated as a replacement director, subject to the approval of an independent committee of our board. We
have agreed to form an independent committee of our board comprised of our directors who meet the
independent director standards under New York Stock Exchange listing rules and who are not our officers or
employees, as well as any director of our board nominated by SoftBank, to approve certain actions that we may
take in connection with the 2014 SAPA and related agreements.
Ancillary Agreements
In connection with the 2014 SAPA, we also entered into the amended Alipay IPLA, a data sharing agreement,
an amended and restated shared services agreement, a cooperation agreement and a trademark agreement, each of
which is described below. We also entered into a binding term sheet in respect of a technology services agreement
pursuant to which we agreed to provide certain cloud computing, database service and storage, computing services
and certain other services to Ant Financial Services on a cost-plus basis. We further agreed to a new form of
crosslicense agreement to be entered into under the 2014 SAPA, providing for a license of certain intellectual
property by Ant Financial Services to us, and by us to Ant Financial Services.
Alipay Intellectual Property License and Software Technology Services Agreement
Under the terms of the Alipay IPLA, we and our subsidiaries, licensed to Alipay certain intellectual property
rights and provided various software technology services to Alipay and its subsidiaries. We originally entered into
the Alipay IPLA in connection with the 2011 framework agreement, and, in August 2014, we entered into the
amended Alipay IPLA.
Under the Alipay IPLA, Alipay paid us a royalty and software technology services fee equal to the sum of an
expense reimbursement plus 49.9% of the consolidated pre-tax income of Alipay and its subsidiaries until a
liquidity event of Alipay or Ant Financial Services. Such profit share percentage was subject to downward
adjustments upon certain dilutive equity issuances by Alipay or Ant Financial Services. Under the Amended IPLA,
which became effective on the date we entered into the 2014 SAPA, we will receive, in addition to a service fee,
royalty streams related to Alipay and other current and future businesses of Ant Financial Services, which we refer
to collectively as the profit share payments. The profit share payments will be paid at least annually and will equal
the sum of an expense reimbursement plus 37.5% of the consolidated pre-tax income of Ant Financial Services on
a consolidated basis (subject to certain adjustments), including not only Alipay but all of Ant Financial Services’
subsidiaries. The profit share payments will be reduced in proportion to any equity issuances made to us under the
2014 SAPA.
In addition, if we acquire any equity interest in Ant Financial Services as described above under “Share and
Asset Purchase Agreement — Potential Equity Interest,” the profit share payments will be reduced in proportion
to such equity issuance and, at or prior to the time of such equity issuance, Ant Financial Services will make a
payment to us in consideration for the reduction in profit share payments, in exchange for the transfer by us to
Ant Financial Services of certain intellectual property. This payment by Ant Financial Services will effectively fund
179