hedge accounting criteria continue to be met. The new guidance is effective for us for the year ending March 31,
2018 and interim reporting periods during the year ending March 31, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. We are
evaluating the effects, if any, of the adoption of this revised guidance on our financial position, results of
operations or cash ﬂows.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-06 “Derivatives and Hedging: Contingent Put and Call Options in
Debt Instruments” to clarify the requirements for assessing whether contingent call (put) options that can
accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. An
entity performing the assessment under the amendments is required to assess the embedded call (put) options
solely in accordance with the four-step decision sequence. The amendments apply to all entities that are issuers of
or investors in debt instruments (or hybrid financial instruments that are determined to have a debt host) with
embedded call (put) options. The new guidance is effective for us for the year ending March 31, 2018 and interim
reporting periods during the year ending March 31, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the
effects, if any, of the adoption of this revised guidance on the Company’s financial position, results of operations
or cash ﬂows.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07 “Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of
Accounting,” to simplify the accounting for equity method investments, which eliminates the requirement in
ASC 323 “Investments — equity method and joint ventures” that an entity retroactively adopt the equity method of
accounting if an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of
ownership or degree of inﬂuence. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of
acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor’s previously held interest and
adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method
accounting. The new guidance is effective for us for the year ending March 31, 2018 and interim reporting periods
during the year ending March 31, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the effects, if any, of the
adoption of this revised guidance on our financial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09 “Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting,” to simplify the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the income taX
consequences, classification of excess tax benefits on the statement of cash ﬂows, introduction of accounting policy
election on forfeitures, and the change of the threshold of share withholding by employer for settlement of
employees’ tax without causing the award to be liability classified. The new guidance is effective for us for the year
ending March 31, 2018 and interim reporting periods during the year ending March 31, 2018. Early adoption is
permitted. We are evaluating the effects, if any, of the adoption of this revised guidance on our financial position,
results of operations or cash ﬂows.
C. Research and Development, Patents and Licenses, etc.
Research and Development
We have built our core technology for our e-commerce and cloud computing businesses in-house. As of
March 31, 2016, we employed over 18,000 research and development personnel engaged in building our technology
platform and developing new online and mobile products. We recruit top and experienced talent locally and
oversea, and we have advanced training programs designed specifically for new campus hires.
Intellectual Property
We believe the protection of our trademarks, copyrights, domain names, trade names, trade secrets, patents
and other proprietary rights is critical to our business. We rely on a combination of trademark, fair trade practice,
copyright and trade secret protection laws and patent protection in China and other jurisdictions, as well as
confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property and our trademarks. We
also enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with all of our employees, and we rigorously
control access to our proprietary technology and information. As of March 31, 2016, we had 1,529 issued patents
and 2,141 publicly filed patent applications in China and 1,387 issued patents and 3,096 publicly filed patent
149