0 “mobile monetization rate” are to mobile revenue from China commerce retail expressed as a percentage of
mobile GMV for a given period;
° “mobile revenue” are to that portion of revenue generated by online marketing services delivered on a
mobile app or mobile browser, and commissions on mobile GMV settled through Alipay with merchants, as
captured by our online auction system, real-time bidding system and other settlement systems;
0 “monetization rate” are to revenue from China commerce retail expressed as a percentage of GMV for a
given period;
0 “orders” are to each confirmed order from a transaction between a buyer and a seller for products and
services on our China retail marketplaces, even if such order includes multiple items, during the specified
period, whether or not the transaction is settled;
0 “retail marketplaces” are to Taobao Marketplace, Tmall, Juhuasuan and AliExpress, collectively;
° “RMB” and “Renminbi” are to the legal currency of China;
° “SMEs” are to small and medium-sized enterprises;
° “SoftBank” are to SoftBank Group Corp. (formerly known as SoftBank Corp. before July 2, 2015), SBBM
Corporation and SB China Holdings Pte Ltd., collectively;
0 “tier 1 and tier 2 cities” are to 28 cities in China, as categorized by AliResearch, our research division.
Based on national divisions of administrative areas in China as of the end of 2014, AliResearch categorizes
over 2,200 cities, city-level regions and counties in China into six tiers, based on online shopping potential
composite index, which takes into account GDP, population, retail sales of consumer goods, household
disposable income, and number of Internet users;
0 “variable interest entities” are to our variable interest entities that are 100% owned by PRC citizens or by
PRC entities owned by PRC citizens, where applicable, that hold the Internet content provider licenses, or
ICP licenses, or other business operation licenses or approvals, and generally operate the various websites
for our Internet businesses or other businesses in which foreign investment is restricted or prohibited, and
are consolidated into our consolidated financial statements in accordance with US. GAAP as if they were
our wholly-owned subsidiaries;
° “we,” “us,” “our company” and “our” are to Alibaba Group Holding Limited and its consolidated
subsidiaries and its affiliated consolidated entities, including our variable interest entities and their
subsidiaries;
° “wholesale marketplaces” are to 1688.com and Alibaba.com, collectively;
0 “Yahoo” are to Yahoo! Inc. and Aabaco Holdings Hong Kong Limited (formerly known as Yahoo! Hong
Kong Holdings Limited), collectively; and
° “USES,” “dollars” and “US. dollars” are to the legal currency of the United States.
Our reporting currency is the Renminbi. This annual report contains translations of Renminbi amounts into
US. dollars for the convenience of the reader. Unless otherwise stated, all translations of Renminbi into
US. dollars were made at RMB6.4480 to US$1.00, the exchange rate set forth in the H10 statistical release of the
Federal Reserve Board on March 31, 2016. We make no representation that the Renminbi or US. dollar amounts
referred to in this annual report could have been or could be converted into US. dollars or Renminbi, as the case
may be, at any particular rate or at all. On May 20, 2016, the noon buying rate for Renminbi was RMB6.5485 to
US$1.00.
iii