ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
4. Signiﬁcant equity transactions, restructuring transactions, mergers and acquisitions and equity investments
(Continued)
(b) Restructuring of Payment Services (Continued)
Company entered into software system use and service agreements with Ant Financial Services relating to the
know how and related intellectual property that the Company has agreed to sell together with the micro loan
business and related services (Note 23). In calendar years 2015 to 2017, the Company received or will receive
an annual fee equal to 2.5% of the average daily book balance of the micro loans managed by Ant Financial
Services. In calendar years 2018 to 2021, the Company will receive an annual fee equal to the amount paid for
the calendar year 2017 (together with the fees received in calendar years 2015 to 2017, the “SME Annual
Fee”). The SME Annual Fee of RMB90 million and RMB708 million were recorded in revenue in the
consolidated financial statements for the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2016, respectively.
In connection with the 2014 SAPA, the Company also entered into an amended intellectual property license
agreement with Alipay (“amended Alipay IPLA”), pursuant to which the Company licenses certain intellectual
property and provides certain software technology services to Alipay and the Transferred Business. Under the
amended Alipay IPLA, the Company will receive royalty streams and a service fee (collectively, the “Profit
Share Payments”) which will be paid at least annually, amounting to the sum of an expense reimbursement
plus 37.5% of the consolidated pre-tax income of Ant Financial Services, subject to certain adjustments. In
addition, if the Company acquires any equity interest in Ant Financial Services, the Company will transfer an
agreed portion of the underlying intellectual property to Ant Financial Services at the time of such equity
issuance. At the same time, the Profit Share Payments will also be reduced in proportion to such equity
issuances made to the Company.
Income in connection with the royalty fee and software technology services fee under the Intellectual Property
License and Software Technology Services Agreement and the Profit Share Payments, net of costs incurred by
the Company, of RMB1,764 million, RMB1,667 million and RMB1,122 million were recorded in other
income, net in the consolidated income statements for the years ended March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016,
respectively (Note 23).
Pursuant to the terms of the 2014 SAPA, in the event of an initial public offering of Ant Financial Services or
Alipay at an implied equity value exceeding US$250 billion which results in gross proceeds of at least
US$20 billion (a “Qualified IPO”), if the Company’s total ownership of equity interests in Ant Financial
Services has not reached 33%, the Company would be entitled at its election to receive a one-time payment
equal to 37.5% of the equity value of Ant Financial Services as determined immediately prior to such
Qualified IPO. There is no cap on the maximum value of such liquidity event payment. If the Company
acquires equity interests in Ant Financial Services in an aggregate amount less than 33%, the percentage of
Ant Financial Services’ equity value used to calculate such liquidity event payment will be reduced
proportionately.
In lieu of receiving such liquidity event payment, the Company may elect to continue to receive the Profit
Share Payments in perpetuity, subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals. In connection with a Qualified
IPO and if the Company so elects, Ant Financial Services must use its commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain the required approvals for continued payments under the amended Alipay IPLA. If such approvals are
not obtained, Ant Financial Services will pay the liquidity event payment as described above to the Company.
The 2014 SAPA provides for future potential equity issuances to the Company by Ant Financial Services. In
the event that Ant Financial Services applies for and receives certain PRC regulatory approvals in the future,
Ant Financial Services will issue and the Company will purchase newly issued equity interests in Ant Financial
F-38