The depositary for our ADSs will give us a discretionary proxy to vote our ordinary shares underlying the ADSs if holders
of such ADSs do not vote at shareholders’ meetings, except in limited circumstances, which could adversely affect the
interests of holders of our ADSs.
Under the deposit agreement for our ADSs, the depositary will give us a discretionary proxy to vote the
ordinary shares underlying the ADSs at shareholders’ meetings if holders of such ADSs do not give voting
instructions to the depositary, unless:
° we have failed to timely provide the depositary with our notice of meeting and related voting materials;
° we have instructed the depositary that we do not wish a discretionary proxy to be given;
0 we have informed the depositary that there is substantial opposition as to a matter to be voted on at
the meeting;
° a matter to be voted on at the meeting would have a material adverse impact on shareholders; or
° voting at the meeting is made on a show of hands.
The effect of this discretionary proxy is that, if holders of our ADSs fail to give voting instructions to the
depositary, they cannot prevent our ordinary shares underlying their ADSs from being voted, absent the situations
described above, and it may make it more difficult for shareholders to inﬂuence our management. Holders of our
ordinary shares are not subject to this discretionary proxy.
Holders of our ADSs may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.
ADSs are transferable on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its transfer books at
any time or from time to time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its duties. In
addition, the depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer or register transfers of ADSs generally when our books or
the books of the depositary are closed, or at any time if we or the depositary deems it advisable to do so because
of any requirement of law or of any government or governmental body, or under any provision of the deposit
agreement, or for any other reason.
Holders of our ADSs may not receive distributions on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it is illegal or
impractical to make them available to them.
The depositary of our ADSs has agreed to pay holders of our ADSs the cash dividends or other distributions
it or the custodian for our ADSs receives on our ordinary shares or other deposited securities after deducting its
fees and expenses. Holders of our ADSs will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of our
ordinary shares that their ADSs represent. However, the depositary is not responsible for making such payments or
distributions if it is unlawful or impractical to make a distribution available to any holders of ADSs. For example,
it would be unlawful to make a distribution to a holder of ADSs if it consists of securities that require registration
under the Securities Act but that are not properly registered or distributed pursuant to an applicable exemption
from registration. The depositary is not responsible for making a distribution available to any holders of ADSs if
any government approval or registration required for such distribution cannot be obtained after reasonable efforts
made by the depositary. We have no obligation to take any other action to permit the distribution of our ADSs,
ordinary shares, rights or anything else to holders of our ADSs. This means that holders of our ADSs may not
receive the distributions we make on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it is illegal or impractical for us
to make them available. These restrictions may materially reduce the value of the ADSs.
There could be adverse United States federal income tax consequences to United States investors if we were or were to
become a passive foreign investment company.
While we do not believe we are or will become a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, there can be
no assurance that we were not a PFIC in the past and will not become a PFIC in the future. The determination of
whether or not we are a PFIC is made on an annual basis and will depend on the composition of our income and
54