Local Services
Koubei Holding Limited, or Koubei (El 655), a joint venture that we set up together with Ant Financial Services
during fiscal year 2016. Koubei integrates the convenience aspects of mobile commerce and big data to provide
consumers with information and promotional benefits from local restaurants in China. As of March 31, 2016, we
invested a total cash amount of RMB3,000 million and also injected certain related businesses into Koubei. We
and Ant Financial Services each hold a 49.6% equity interest in Koubei, while an unrelated third-party affiliated
with a major Chinese restaurant chain holds a small minority equity interest. Through Koubei, we participate in
the restaurant and local establishment sector in a “closed loop” manner, which is characterized by the
“online—to-offline” interaction of users obtaining information and receiving promotional offers, mostly through a
mobile device, and then visiting the physical establishment to enjoy the services while making on-location payment
with Alipay.
Rajax Holding, or Ele.me (@527 Z), one of the largest mobile food ordering and delivery services in China,
covering over 300 cities as of March 31, 2016. In March 2016, we and Ant Financial Services completed a portion
of the subscription for newly issued convertible preferred shares in Ele.me for a total combined investment amount
of US$1,250 million, of which our total commitment is US$900 million. Our effective equity interest in Ele.me will
be approximately 22% on a fully-diluted basis once the full investment amount is completed. Ele.me complements
our investment in Koubei in local services, focusing on food ordering and delivery characterized by high-frequency
usage and last-mile logistics within a city.
Xiaoju Kuaizhi Inc., or Didi Chuxing (iﬁiﬁiﬁﬂﬁ), the leading transportation network company that provides
vehicles and taxis for hire in China via smartphone applications. We have an existing equity stake of 10% in the
fully-diluted equity of Didi Chuxing, which is the resulting company of a merger between Didi Chuxing and Kuaidi
Dache, a taxi hailing company in which we had an investment. We account for our stake in Didi Chuxing as a cost
method equity investment, in which we have an aggregate investment cost of US$445 million. As of the date of this
annual report, we have committed to invest a further US$200 million and Ant Financial Services is expected to
invest US$200 million in the preferred shares of Didi Chuxing. In connection with this additional equity
investment, we have signed a cooperation agreement with Didi Chuxing relating to the adoption of navigation and
map services provided by AutoNavi to the riders and drivers of Didi Chuxing’s services, thereby further increasing
the user base and usage of AutoNavi’s services.
Digital Entertainment
Youku Tudou, Inc, or Youku Tudou, a leading multi-screen entertainment and media company in China that
was previously listed on the New York Stock Exchange. In May 2014, we, through a holding company, invested
US$1,090 million to purchase Class A ordinary shares of Youku Tudou, representing an effective equity interest of
16.5% on a fully-diluted basis. We made this investment on the same terms together with a Yunfeng Fund, which
invested US$132 million for an approximately 2% equity interest. In April 2016, we completed an acquisition of all
of the issued and outstanding shares of Youku Tudou that we or the Yunfeng Fund did not already own for a total
cash consideration of US$44 billion. Following the completion of the transaction, Youku Tudou became our
consolidated subsidiary, with the Yunfeng Fund holding an approximately 2% minority interest. The management
of Youku Tudou has a right for an option to purchase up to 15% of its equity. Youku Tudou is a core part of our
strategy to offer digital entertainment to consumers in our ecosystem, thereby strengthening user engagement as
well as enabling a new marketing channel for the merchants in our ecosystem. Further, Youku Tudou creates
additional revenue sources for us from advertising and membership subscriptions.
Alibaba Pictures Group Limited, or Alibaba Pictures, a producer of movies and television programs in China
that is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In June 2014, we acquired control of Alibaba Pictures by
completing an investment in newly issued ordinary shares representing an approximately 60% equity interest in
Alibaba Pictures for a total cash consideration of HK$6,244 million. In June 2015, Alibaba Pictures placed newly
issued ordinary shares to unrelated third-party investors with aggregate gross proceeds of HK$12,179 million. Our
equity interest in Alibaba Pictures was therefore diluted to 49.5% upon completion of the placing. Accordingly, we
deconsolidated the financial results of Alibaba Pictures starting from June 2015, and recognized a gain of
RMB24,734 million based on revaluation of our remaining equity interest in Alibaba Pictures. In addition, Alibaba
118