Bonus Pool
Our board of directors, acting on the recommendation of our compensation committee, approves an annual
cash bonus pool for management of our company (which in fiscal year 2016 comprised over 250 individuals) equal
to a percentage of our adjusted pre-tax operating profits. Once the annual cash bonus pool is calculated, our
compensation committee will then first determine the proportion to be allocated to the non-partner members of
our management. Any remaining portion will then be available for the partner members of our management. The
partnership committee will determine the allocation of the relevant portion of the annual cash bonus pool for all
partner members of management, with any amounts payable to partners who are our executive officers or directors
or members of the partnership committee subject to approval of the compensation committee of our board of
directors. We understand that a partner’s level of contribution to our business and to the promoting of our
mission, vision and values will be a key factor in determining his or her allocation from the bonus pool. A portion
of the annual cash bonus pool that is available to the partner members of management may, upon the
recommendation of the partnership committee and approval of our compensation committee, be deferred, with the
allocations of deferred payment determined by the partnership committee with any amounts payable to our
executive officers or directors who are partners or members of the partnership committee subject to approval of
the compensation committee of our board of directors. We understand that participation in deferred distributions,
other than retirement pension payments funded out of the deferred pool, is conditioned on a partner’s continued
employment with us, our affiliates and/or certain companies with which we have a significant relationship, such as
Ant Financial Services.
Retirement and Removal
Partners may elect to retire from the partnership at any time. All partners except continuity partners are
required to retire upon reaching the age of sixty or upon termination of their qualifying employment. Continuity
partners may remain partners until they elect to retire from the partnership, die or are incapacitated or are
removed as partners. Either two or three partners may be designated as continuity partners at a time, with Jack
and Joe serving as the initial continuity partners. Continuity partners are either designated by a retiring continuity
partner or by the serving continuity partners. Any partner, including continuity partners, may be removed upon the
vote of a simple majority of all partners present at a duly-called meeting of partners for violations of certain
standards set forth in the partnership agreement, including failure to actively promote our mission, vision and
values, fraud, gross misconduct or gross negligence. As with other partners, continuity partners must maintain the
shareholding levels required by us of all partners as described below. Partners who retire from the partnership
upon meeting certain age and service requirements may be designated as honorary partners by the partnership
committee. Honorary partners may not act as partners, but may be entitled to allocations from the deferred
portion of the annual cash bonus pool described below as retirement pension payments. Continuity partners will
not be eligible to receive allocations from the annual cash bonus pool if they cease to be our employees even if
they remain partners, but may be entitled to receive allocations from the deferred bonus pool if they are honorary
partners.
Restrictive Provisions
Under our articles of association, in connection with any change of control, merger or sale of our company,
the partners and other holders of our ordinary shares shall receive the same consideration with respect to their
ordinary shares in connection with any such transaction. In addition, our articles of association provide that the
Alibaba Partnership may not transfer or otherwise delegate or give a proxy to any third-party with respect to its
right to nominate directors, although it may elect not to exercise its rights in full. In addition, as noted above, our
articles of association also provide that the amendment of certain provisions of the Alibaba Partnership agreement
relating to the purpose of the partnership or the manner in which the partnership exercises its rights to nominate
or appoint a majority of our board of directors will require the approval of a majority of directors who are not
appointees of the Alibaba Partnership and are “independent directors” within the meaning of Section 303A of the
New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual.
160