ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
4. Signiﬁcant equity transactions, restructuring transactions, mergers and acquisitions and equity investments
(Continued)
(i) Investment in Rajax Holding (“Ele.me”) (Continued)
commitment is funded. The convertible preferred shares are not considered in-substance common stock given
that such shares contain certain terms such as dividend and liquidation preferences over ordinary shares. As a
result, the investment in Eleme is accounted for under the cost method (Note 14).
(j) Investment in Magic Leap, Inc. (“Magic Leap”)
In December 2015, the Company completed an investment in newly issued convertible preferred shares of
Magic Leap, representing an approximately 10% equity interest on a fully—diluted basis. Magic Leap is a
technological company that focuses on the development of augmented reality technology. The total cash
consideration paid was US$430 million (RMB2,775 million). Such investment is accounted for under the cost
method (Note 14).
(k) Investment in CMC Holdings Limited (“CMC”)
In December 2015, the Company completed an investment in preferred shares, representing a 21% equity
interest, of CMC. CMC is a new investment platform that focuses on the media and entertainment sectors.
The total cash consideration paid was US$197 million (RMB1,270 million). The preferred shares are not
considered in-substance common stock given that such shares contain certain terms such as dividend and
liquidation preferences over ordinary shares. As a result, the investment in preferred shares is accounted for
under the cost method (Note 14).
In addition, the Company acquired in a 20% equity interest in a limited partnership in the PRC which is
managed by the founder of CMC. The objective of the limited partnership is consistent with that of CMC.
Total cash consideration of RMB1,250 million was paid upon the closing of the transaction in December 2015.
Such investment is accounted for under the equity method (Note 14).
(1) Investment in Beijing Shiji Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shiji Information”)
In November 2015, the Company completed an investment in newly issued ordinary shares of Shiji
Information, representing an approximately 13% equity interest in Shiji Information. Shiji Information, a
company that is listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, is primarily engaged in the development and sale of
hotel information management system software, system integration and technical service. The total cash
consideration of RMB2,389 million was paid upon the closing of the transaction. Such investment is accounted
for as an available-for-sale security (Note 12).
(m) Investment in Huayi Brothers Media Corporation (“Huayi Brothers”)
In August 2015, the Company completed an investment in newly issued ordinary shares of Huayi Brothers,
representing an approximately 4% equity interest in Huayi Brothers. Yunfeng Capital is also one of the
minority shareholders of Huayi Brothers. Huayi Brothers, a company that is listed on the Shenzhen Stock
Exchange, is primarily engaged in the production of television programs and movies in the PRC. The total
cash consideration of RMB1,533 million was paid upon the closing of the transaction. Such investment is
accounted for as an available-for-sale security (Note 12).
F-48