Pledge for the Beneﬁt of and Loan Arrangement with a Related Party
In May 2015, we entered into a pledge with a financial institution in the PRC in connection with certain
wealth management products with an aggregate principal amount of RMB7.3 billion we invested in to secure an
RMB6.9 billion financing provided by such financial institution to Simon Xie, one of our founders and an equity
holder in certain of our variable interest entities, to finance the minority investment by a PRC limited partnership
in Wasu, a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and engaged in the business of digital media
broadcasting and distribution in China. In addition, we entered into a loan agreement for a principal amount of up
to RMB20 billion with Simon Xie in April 2015 to finance the repayment by Simon of the interest under the
financing. These arrangements strengthen our strategic business arrangements with Wasu to enhance our
entertainment strategy. Our loan to Simon will be made at an interest rate equal to SHIBOR as specified by us
from time to time and is repayable in five years. The loan is secured by a pledge of Simon’s limited partnership
interest in the PRC limited partnership and is available for draw—down starting from January 1, 2016, but it has not
yet been drawn. We have entered into strategic cooperation agreements with a major shareholder of Wasu in order
to enhance our capabilities and inﬂuence in the entertainment sector in China. A company controlled by Jack Ma
serves as one of the general partners of the PRC limited partnership. Yuzhu Shi, the founder, chairman and a
principal shareholder of Giant Interactive, a China-based online game company that was previously listed on the
New York Stock Exchange, and who is also an entrepreneur with significant experience in and knowledge of the
media industry in China, serves as the other general partner. Jack, through his control of one of the general
partners, and Mr. Shi, as the other general partner and the executive partner, jointly control this PRC limited
partnership. The interest of the general partner controlled by Jack in the limited partnership is limited to the
return of its RMB10,000 contributed capital.
Equity-settled Donation Relating to Our Ordinary Shares
During fiscal year 2014, we granted options to acquire 50,000,000 ordinary shares of ours to a non-profit
organization designated by Jack Ma and Joe Tsai. 35,000,000 and 15,000,000 of these share options have been
transferred to the separate charitable trusts established by Jack Ma and Joe Tsai, respectively. These share options
were approved by our board of directors and the options are not subject to any vesting conditions and are
exercisable for a period of four years from the grant date. The exercise price of these options is US$25.00 per
share based on a fair market value appraisal process. For each of the eight years beginning one year after the date
of listing of our ordinary shares on a recognized stock exchange, the charitable trusts are permitted to sell only up
to 6,250,000 ordinary shares (or one-eighth of the total number of ordinary shares subject to the options) per year
excluding such number of unsold ordinary shares carried forward from previous years. As there are no vesting
conditions attached to the above share options, equity-settled donation expense of RMB1,269 million was
recognized in full and recorded in general and administrative expenses during fiscal year 2014.
Transactions with Cainiao Network
We entered into agreements with Cainiao Network, our equity-accounted affiliate, during fiscal year 2014,
whereby we disposed of two wholly-owned subsidiaries to the parent Cainiao of Network for cash consideration of
RMB524 million. The gain on disposals in fiscal year 2014 was RMB74 million. In addition, during fiscal year
2016, we disposed a wholly-owned subsidiary to Cainiao Network for cash consideration of US$33 million
(RMB204 million). The gain on disposal in fiscal year 2016 was RMB3 million (US$05 million). The major assets
of the disposed subsidiaries consisted of land use rights in the PRC.
We have commercial arrangements with Cainiao Network conducted on an arm’s length basis to receive
certain logistics services. Expenses incurred in connection with the logistics services provided by Cainiao Network
in fiscal years 2015 and 2016 were RMB785 million and RMB2,370 million (US$368 million), respectively.
We also have cost sharing arrangements with Cainiao Network on various administrative and cloud computing
services. In connection with the services we provided, Cainiao Network paid us RMB20 million and
RMB86 million (US$13 million) in fiscal years 2015 and 2016, respectively.
From time to time, we also co-invest with Cainiao Network in other businesses.
185