We also operate Juhuasuan, which is our sales and marketing platform for ﬂash sales where merchants can acquire
new customers and raise brand awareness through special discounts and promotional events. Taobao, T mall and
Juhuasuan, which comprise our China retail marketplaces, generated a combined GMV of RMB3,092 billion
(US$485 billion) in the twelve months ended March 31, 2016. There were 423 million active buyers on these
marketplaces in the twelve months ended March 31, 2016. In the three months ended March 31, 2016, mobile
GMV accounted for 73% of our GMV. In March 2016, the various mobile apps that consumers use to access our
China retail marketplaces had 410 million mobile MAUs.
In fiscal year 2016, we generated 79% of our revenue from our China retail marketplaces. Our revenue on
these marketplaces is generated from merchants through online marketing services, commissions on transactions
and fees for other online services.
In 2014, we launched our Rural Taobao program, which is one of our key strategic initiatives to address the
consumption needs and promote economic development in China’s rural areas.
Wholesale Commerce in China
We operate a China wholesale marketplace, 1688.com, which matches wholesale buyers and sellers in
categories such as general merchandise, apparels, electronics, raw materials, industrial components and agricultural
and chemical products. A significant number of merchants on our retail marketplaces source their inventory
on 1688.com.
International and Cross-border Commerce
We operate AliEXpress, our global marketplace targeting consumers from around the world to buy directly
from manufacturers and distributors in China. Tmall Global is our platform within Tmall for overseas brands and
retailers to reach Chinese consumers without the need for physical operations in China. We also operate
Alibaba.com, China’s largest global online wholesale marketplace in 2015 by revenue, according to iResearch. In
April 2016, we acquired a controlling stake in Lazada, which operates e-commerce platforms in Indonesia,
Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam. According to Internet Live Stats’ estimates, these six
countries have a combined population of approximately 560 million and an Internet user base of approximately
200 million in 2016.
Cloud Computing
We operate Alibaba Cloud Computing, or Alibaba Cloud, China’s largest provider of public cloud services in
2015 by revenue, according to IDC. The technologies that power Alibaba Cloud grew out of our own need to
operate the massive scale and complexity of our core commerce business. In 2009, we founded Alibaba Cloud to
make these technologies available to third-party customers. Alibaba Cloud offers a complete suite of cloud
services, including: elastic computing, database, storage and content delivery network (CDN), large scale
computing, security, and management and application services. As of March 31, 2016, Alibaba Cloud had over
2.3 million customers, including over 500,000 paying customers.
Mobile Media and Entertainment
Based on the strength of our relationship with consumers and our capability in leveraging commerce data that
can be applied to serving the broader interests of consumers, we have established an emerging business in mobile
media and entertainment, mainly through acquisitions. In 2014, we acquired UCWeb, which operates UC Browser,
the second largest mobile browser in the world after Chrome by page View market share as of April 2016,
according to StatCounter (data available at: http://gs.statcounter.com). UCWeb provides mobile value-added
services to users including news feeds, mobile web navigation and mobile search. Its mobile search business,
Shenma (12$ 3), was the second largest mobile search engine in China in the three months ended March 31, 2016,
according to BigData-Research. In April 2016, we acquired Youku Tudou, a leading multi-screen entertainment
and media company in China, enabling users to search, View and share high-quality video content quickly and
58