Taxation of Dividends
Subject to the discussion under “— Passive Foreign Investment Company” below, the gross amount of
distributions on the ADSs or ordinary shares (including any amounts withheld to reﬂect PRC withholding taxes)
will be taxable as dividends, to the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as
determined under United States federal income tax principles. Such income (including withheld taxes) will be
includable in your gross income as ordinary income on the day actually or constructively received by you, in the
case of the ordinary shares, or by the depositary, in the case of ADSs. Such dividends will not be eligible for the
dividends received deduction allowed to corporations under the Code. The following discussion assumes that all
dividends will be paid in US. dollars.
With respect to non-corporate United States investors, certain dividends received from a qualified foreign
corporation may be subject to reduced rates of taxation. A foreign corporation is treated as a qualified foreign
corporation with respect to dividends received from that corporation on ordinary shares (or ADSs backed by such
shares) that are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States. United States Treasury
Department guidance indicates that our ADSs (which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange) are readily
tradable on an established securities market in the United States. Thus, we believe that dividends we pay on our
ordinary shares that are represented by ADSs will meet the conditions required for the reduced tax rate. Since we
do not expect that our ordinary shares will be listed on an established securities market, we do not believe that
dividends that we pay on our ordinary shares that are not represented by ADSs currently meet the conditions
required for these reduced tax rates. There can be no assurance that our ADSs will be considered readily tradable
on an established securities market in subsequent years. A qualified foreign corporation also includes a foreign
corporation that is eligible for the benefits of certain income tax treaties with the United States. In the event that
we were deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under the EIT Law, although no assurance can be given, we
might be eligible for the benefits of the income tax treaty between the United States and the PRC, which is
hereinafter referred to as the Treaty, and if we were eligible for such benefits, dividends we pay on our ordinary
shares, regardless of whether such shares are represented by ADSs, would be eligible for the reduced rates of
taxation. See “— People’s Republic of China Taxation.” Non-corporate United States Holders that do not meet a
minimum holding period requirement during which they are not protected from the risk of loss or that elect to
treat the dividend income as “investment income” pursuant to Section 163(d)(4) of the Code will not be eligible
for the reduced rates of taxation regardless of our status as a qualified foreign corporation. In addition, the rate
reduction will not apply to dividends if the recipient of a dividend is obligated to make related payments with
respect to positions in substantially similar or related property. This disallowance applies even if the minimum
holding period has been met. You should consult your own tax advisors regarding the application of these rules
given your particular circumstances.
Non-corporate United States Holders will not be eligible for reduced rates of taxation on any dividends
received from us if we are a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, in the taxable year in which such
dividends are paid or in the preceding taxable year. See “— Passive Foreign Investment Company” below.
In the event that we were deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under the EIT Law, you might be subject
to PRC withholding taxes on dividends paid to you with respect to the ADSs or ordinary shares. See “— People’s
Republic of China Taxation.” In that case, subject to certain conditions and limitations, PRC withholding taxes on
dividends would be treated as foreign taxes eligible for credit against your United States federal income tax
liability. For purposes of calculating the foreign tax credit, dividends paid on the ADSs or ordinary shares will be
treated as foreign-source income and will generally constitute passive category income. However, in certain
circumstances, if you have held the ADSs or ordinary shares for less than a specified minimum period during
which you are not protected from risk of loss, or are obligated to make payments related to the dividends, you will
not be allowed a foreign tax credit for any PRC withholding taxes imposed on dividends paid on the ADSs or
ordinary shares. If you are eligible for Treaty benefits, any PRC taxes on dividends will not be creditable against
your United States federal income tax liability to the extent withheld at a rate exceeding the applicable Treaty rate.
The rules governing the foreign tax credit are complex. You are urged to consult your tax advisor regarding the
availability of the foreign tax credit under your particular circumstances.
194