We do not believe that we meet any of the conditions outlined in the immediately preceding paragraph.
Alibaba Group Holding Limited and our offshore subsidiaries are incorporated outside the PRC. As a holding
company, our key assets and records, including the resolutions and meeting minutes of our board of directors and
the resolutions and meeting minutes of our shareholders, are located and maintained outside the PRC. In addition,
we are not aware of any offshore holding companies with a corporate structure similar to ours that have been
deemed a PRC “resident enterprise” by the PRC tax authorities. Accordingly, we believe that Alibaba Group
Holding Limited and our offshore subsidiaries should not be treated as a “resident enterprise” for PRC tax
purposes if the criteria for “de facto management body” as set forth in Circular 82 were deemed applicable to us.
However, as the tax residency status of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and
uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term “de facto management body” as applicable to
our offshore entities, we will continue to monitor our tax status. See “Item 3. Key Information — D. Risk
Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s Republic of China — We may be treated as a resident
enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, and we may therefore be subject to
PRC income tax on our global income.”
In the event that Alibaba Group Holding Limited or any of our offshore subsidiaries is considered to be a
PRC resident enterprise:
0 Alibaba Group Holding Limited or our offshore subsidiaries, as the case may be, may be subject to the PRC
enterprise income tax at the rate of 25% on our worldwide taxable income;
0 dividend income that Alibaba Group Holding Limited or our offshore subsidiaries, as the case may be,
received from our PRC subsidiaries may be exempt from the PRC withholding tax; and
0 dividends paid to our overseas shareholders or ADS holders who are non-PRC resident enterprises as well
as gains realized by such shareholders or ADS holders from the transfer of our shares or ADSs may be
regarded as PRC-sourced income and as a result be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of up to 10%,
subject to any reduction or exemption set forth in relevant tax treaties, and similarly, dividends paid to our
overseas shareholders or ADS holders who are non-PRC resident individuals, as well as gains realized by
such shareholders or ADS holders from the transfer of our shares or ADSs, may be regarded as
PRC-sourced income and as a result be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 20%, subject to any
reduction or exemption set forth in relevant tax treaties.
Under Bulletin 7 issued by the State Administration of Taxation on February 3, 2015, which replaced or
supplemented certain previous rules under Circular 698, an “indirect transfer” of assets, including equity interests
in a PRC resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident enterprises may be re-characterized and treated as a direct
transfer of PRC taxable assets, if such arrangement does not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was
established for the purpose of avoiding payment of PRC enterprise income tax. As a result, gains derived from
such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax. According to Bulletin 7, “PRC taxable assets”
include assets attributed to an establishment or a place of business in China, immoveable properties in China, and
equity investments in PRC resident enterprises. In respect of an indirect offshore transfer of assets of a PRC
establishment, the relevant gain is to be regarded as effectively connected with the PRC establishment or a place
of business and therefore included in its enterprise income tax filing, and would consequently be subject to PRC
enterprise income tax at a rate of 25%. Where the underlying transfer relates to the immoveable properties in
China or to equity investments in a PRC resident enterprise, which is not effectively connected to a PRC
establishment or a place of business of a non-resident enterprise, a PRC enterprise income tax at 10% would
apply, subject to available preferential tax treatment under applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements, and the
party who is obligated to make the transfer payments has the withholding obligation. There is uncertainty as to the
implementation details of Bulletin 7. If Bulletin 7 was determined by the tax authorities to be applicable to some
of our transactions involving PRC taxable assets, our offshore subsidiaries conducting the relevant transactions
might be required to spend valuable resources to comply with Bulletin 7 or to establish that the relevant
transactions should not be taxed under Bulletin 7, which may materially and adversely affect us. See “Item 3. Key
Information — D. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s Republic of China — We and
95