below, which collectively enable us to exercise effective control over the variable interest entities and realize
substantially all of the economic risks and benefits arising from, the variable interest entities. As a result, we
include the financial results of each of the variable interest entities in our consolidated financial statements in
accordance with US. GAAP as if they were our wholly-owned subsidiaries.
Other than the ICP licenses and other licenses and approvals for businesses in which foreign ownership is
restricted or prohibited held by our variable interest entities, we hold our material assets in, and conduct our
material operations through, our wholly-foreign owned and majority-owned enterprises, which primarily provide
technology and other services to our customers. We generate the significant majority of our revenue directly
through our wholly-foreign owned enterprises, which directly capture the profits and associated cash ﬂow from
operations without having to rely on contractual arrangements to transfer such cash ﬂow from the variable interest
entities to the wholly-foreign owned enterprises.
The following diagram is a simplified illustration of the ownership structure and contractual arrangements that
we typically have in place for our variable interest entities:
> Legal ownership
Our Company < . . .p Contractual arrangements
Sgschore 100% (through offshore holding companies)
Onshore - Loan Agreement
PRC - Exclusive Call Option Agreement
- Proxy Agreement
- Equity Pledge Agreement Variable Interest
[- Entity Equity Holders
I l 100%
V . .
- Exclusrve Technical _
Wh0||y_foreign Services Agreement Var'able
Owned Enterprise < 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 4 InterfaSt
Entity
The following is a summary of the common contractual arrangements that provide us with effective control of
our material variable interest entities and that enable us to receive substantially all of the economic benefits from
their operations.
Contracts that Give Us Eﬁective Control of the Variable Interest Entities
Loan agreements. Pursuant to the relevant loan agreement, the respective wholly-foreign owned enterprise
has granted an interest—free loan to the relevant variable interest entity equity holders, which may only be used for
the purpose of a capital contribution to the relevant variable interest entity or as may be otherwise agreed by the
wholly-foreign owned enterprise. The wholly—foreign owned enterprise may require acceleration of repayment at its
absolute discretion. When the variable interest entity equity holders make early repayment of the outstanding
amount, the wholly—foreign owned enterprise or a third-party designated by it may purchase the equity interests in
the variable interest entity at a price equal to the outstanding amount of the loan, subject to any applicable PRC
laws, rules and regulations. The variable interest entity equity holders undertake not to enter into any prohibited
transactions in relation to the variable interest entity, including the transfer of any business, material assets,
intellectual property rights or equity interests in the variable interest entity to any third-party. The parties to the
loan agreement for each of our material variable interest entities are Jack Ma and Simon Xie on the one hand,
104