Online marketing services.
Online marketing services primarily consist of:
0 P4P marketing services, where merchants primarily bid for keywords that match product or service listings
appearing in search or browser results on a cost-per-click, or CPC, basis at prices established by our online
auction system, which facilitates price discovery through a market-based bidding mechanism. P4P marketing
services are provided both on our marketplaces as well as through third-party marketing affiliates; and
° Display marketing services, where merchants bid for display positions on the relevant marketplaces or
through our third—party marketing affiliates at fixed prices or prices established by a bidding system on a
cost-per-thousand impression, or CPM, basis.
For both P4P marketing and display marketing services, we generate a portion of our revenue through
third—party marketing affiliates. Revenue from P4P and display marketing services provided through third—
party marketing affiliates represented 6%, 3% and 3% of our total revenue in fiscal years 2014, 2015 and
2016, respectively, and this revenue is recognized on a gross basis.
0 Taobaoke program, where merchants on Taobao Marketplace and Tmall pay us commissions based on a
percentage of transaction value generated from users sourced from third-party marketing affiliates.
Commissions on Taobaoke are set by the merchants and depend on the amount the merchant is willing to
pay to generate incremental sales through this channel. A significant portion of that commission is shared
with our third-party marketing affiliates and we recognize the remaining portion as our revenue on a net
basis. In certain situations where we are obligated to pay for website inventory costs in fixed amounts to
third-party marketing affiliates, we recognize the commission revenue on a gross basis.
° Placement services, where merchants pay placement fees to purchase promotional slots on Juhuasuan for a
specified period.
Commissions on transactions. In addition to purchasing online marketing services, merchants also pay a
commission based on a percentage of transaction value generated on Tmall or from Juhuasuan. The commission
percentages typically range from 0.4% to 5.0% depending on the product category. The commission rate we
establish varies according to our estimate of the industry profit margins in specific product categories. For example,
for categories that typically have lower gross margins, such as consumer electronics, we charge a lower commission
rate, whereas for categories such as apparel, where gross margins are generally higher for the merchants, we
charge a higher commission rate.
109