Compensation Committee
Our compensation committee currently consists of Jerry Yang, Walter Kwauk and Joe Tsai. Mr. Yang is the
chairman of our compensation committee. Mr. Yang and Mr. Kwauk satisfy the requirements for an “independent
director” within the meaning of Section 303A of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual.
Our compensation committee is responsible for, among other things:
0 determining the amount of the annual cash bonus pool to be allocated to each executive officer and
determining the total proportions of the annual cash bonus pool to be allocated in aggregate to the
non-partner members of our management and in aggregate to the partners we employ;
° reviewing, evaluating and, if necessary, revising our overall compensation policies;
0 reviewing and evaluating the performance of our directors and executive officers and determining the
compensation of our directors and executive officers;
0 reviewing and approving our executive officers’ employment agreements with us;
° determining performance targets for our executive officers with respect to our incentive compensation plan
and equity—based compensation plans;
0 administering our equity-based compensation plans in accordance with the terms thereof; and
° carrying out such other matters that are specifically delegated to the compensation committee by our board
of directors from time to time.
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
Our nominating and corporate governance committee currently consists of Jack Ma, Chee Hwa Tung and
Jerry Yang. Jack is the chairman of our nominating and corporate governance committee. Mr. Tung and Mr. Yang
satisfy the “independence” requirements of Section 303A of the New York Stock Exchange Listed
Company Manual.
Our nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for, among other things:
° selecting the board nominees (other than the director nominees to be nominated by the Alibaba Partnership
and SoftBank) for election by the shareholders or appointment by the board;
0 periodically reviewing with the board the current composition of the board with regards to characteristics
such as independence, knowledge, skills, experience and diversity;
0 making recommendations on the frequency and structure of board meetings and monitoring the functioning
of the committees of the board; and
0 advising the board periodically with regards to significant developments in corporate governance law and
practices as well as our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and making recommendations to
the board on corporate governance matters.
Committee Observer
In accordance with our articles and the voting agreement entered into among us, Jack Ma, Joe Tsai, SoftBank
and Yahoo, we have agreed that the director nominated by SoftBank is entitled to receive notices and materials for
all meetings of our committees and to join as an observer meetings of the audit committee, the compensation
committee, the nominating and corporate governance committee and/or our other board committees we may
establish upon notice to the relevant committee.
169