would be substantially all of the variable interest entity’s pre-taX profit (absent the service fee), resulting in a
transfer of substantially all of the profits from the variable interest entity to the wholly-foreign owned enterprise.
The exclusive call option agreements described above also entitle the wholly-foreign owned enterprise to all
dividends and other distributions declared by the variable interest entity and to any distributions or proceeds from
the disposal by the variable interest entity equity holders of their equity interests in the variable interest entity that
are in excess of the original registered capital that they contributed to the variable interest entity.
In the opinion of Fangda Partners, our PRC legal counsel:
° the ownership structures of our material wholly-foreign owned enterprises and our material variable interest
entities in China do not and will not violate any applicable PRC law, regulation, or rule currently in
effect; and
° the contractual arrangements between our material wholly-foreign owned enterprises, our material variable
interest entities and the variable interest entity equity holders governed by PRC laws are valid, binding and
enforceable in accordance with their terms and applicable PRC laws, rules, and regulations currently in
effect, and will not violate any applicable PRC law, regulation, or rule currently in effect.
However, we have been further advised by our PRC legal counsel, Fangda Partners, that there are substantial
uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current and future PRC laws, rules and regulations.
Accordingly, the PRC regulatory authorities may in the future take a view that is contrary to the opinion of our
PRC legal counsel. We have been further advised by our PRC legal counsel that if the PRC government finds that
the agreements that establish the structure for operating our Internet-based business do not comply with PRC
government restrictions on foreign investment in the aforesaid business we engage in, we could be subject to severe
penalties including being prohibited from continuing operations. See “Item 3. Key Information — D. Risk
Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure.”
D. Property, Plant and Equipment
As of March 31, 2016, we occupied facilities around the world with an aggregate gross ﬂoor area of office
buildings owned by us totaling 421,445 square meters. We maintain offices in China, Dubai, France, Germany,
Hong Kong, India, Italy, Korea, Taiwan, Turkey, Russia, Singapore, the United Kingdom and the United States. In
addition, we maintain data centers in China, Hong Kong, Singapore and the United States.
ITEM 4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
Not Applicable.
ITEM 5 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS
A. Operating Results
The following discussion and analysis of our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations should be read in
conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual
report and in particular; “Item 4. Information on the Company —B. Business Overview” This discussion contains
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and the timing of selected events
could dijfer materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including
those set forth under “Item 3. Key Information — D. Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this annual report. We have
prepared our financial statements in accordance with US. GAAI? Our fiscal year ends on March 31 and references to
fiscal years 2014, 2015 and 2016 are to the fiscal years ended March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016, respectively.
106