applicable PRC law permits payment of dividends to us by our operating subsidiaries in China only out of their net
income, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Moreover, our operating
subsidiaries in China are also required to set aside a portion of their net income, if any, each year to fund general
reserves for appropriations until such reserve has reached 50% of the related subsidiary’s registered capital. These
reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. In addition, registered share capital and capital reserve accounts
are also restricted from withdrawal in the PRC, up to the amount of net assets held in each operating subsidiary.
As of March 31, 2016, these restricted assets totaled RMB39,116 million (US$6,066 million). See note 24 to our
consolidated financial statements for the years ended March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016 included elsewhere in this
annual report.
Our holding company structure differs from some of our peers in that we hold our material assets and
operations, except for ICP and other licenses for regulated activities as well as certain equity investments in
restricted businesses, in our wholly-foreign owned enterprises and most of our revenue is generated directly by the
wholly-foreign owned enterprises. As revenue is generated directly by our wholly-foreign owned enterprises, the
wholly-foreign owned enterprises directly capture the profits and associated cash ﬂow from operations, without
having to rely on contractual arrangements to transfer such cash ﬂow from the variable interest entities to the
wholly-foreign owned enterprises. In fiscal years 2014, 2015 and 2016, the significant majority of our revenues were
generated by our wholly—foreign owned enterprises in China. See “Item 4. Information on the Company —
C. Organizational Structure” for a description of these contractual arrangements and the structure of our company.
Inﬂation
Inﬂation in China has not materially impacted our results of operations in recent years. According to the
National Bureau of Statistics of China, the year-over-year increase in the consumer price index in calendar years
2013, 2014 and 2015 was 2.6%, 2.0% and 1.4%, respectively. Although we have not been materially affected by
inﬂation in the past, we can provide no assurance that we will not be affected in the future by higher inﬂation
rates in China.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Our significant accounting policies are set forth in note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this annual report. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires our
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amount reported in consolidated financial
statements. These estimates and assumptions are periodically re-evaluated by management and are based on
historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances. Actual results may differ significantly from those estimates and assumptions. We have
identified the following accounting policies as the most critical to an understanding of our financial position and
results of operations, because the application of these policies requires significant and complex management
estimates, assumptions and judgment, and the reporting of materially different amounts could result if different
estimates or assumptions were used or different judgments were made.
Principles of Consolidation
A subsidiary is an entity in which (i) we directly or indirectly control more than 50% of the voting power; or
(ii) we have the power to appoint or remove the majority of the members of the board of directors or to cast a
majority of votes at the meeting of the board of directors or to govern the financial and operating policies of the
investee pursuant to a statute or under an agreement among the shareholders or equity holders. However, there
are situations in which consolidation is required even though these usual conditions of consolidation do not apply.
Generally, this occurs when an entity holds an interest in another business enterprise that was achieved through
arrangements that do not involve voting interests, which results in a disproportionate relationship between such
entity’s voting interests in, and its exposure to the economic risks and potential rewards of, the other business
enterprise. This disproportionate relationship results in what is known as a variable interest, and the entity in
which we have the variable interest is referred to as a “VIE.” We consolidate a VIE if we are determined to be
140