° 50% or more of voting board members or senior executives habitually reside in the PRC.
We do not believe that we meet any of the conditions outlined in the immediately preceding paragraph.
Alibaba Group Holding Limited and its offshore subsidiaries are incorporated outside the PRC. As a holding
company, our key assets and records, including the resolutions and meeting minutes of our board of directors and
the resolutions and meeting minutes of our shareholders, are located and maintained outside the PRC. In addition,
we are not aware of any offshore holding companies with a corporate structure similar to ours that has been
deemed a PRC “resident enterprise” by the PRC tax authorities. Accordingly, we believe that Alibaba Group
Holding Limited and its offshore subsidiaries should not be treated as a “resident enterprise” for PRC tax
purposes if the criteria for “de facto management body” as set forth in Circular 82 were deemed applicable to us.
However, as the tax residency status of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and
uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term “de facto management body” as applicable to
our offshore entities, we will continue to monitor our tax status.
The implementation rules of the EIT Law provide that, if the enterprise that distributes dividends is
domiciled in the PRC or (ii) if gains are realized from transferring equity interests of enterprises domiciled in the
PRC, then such dividends or capital gains are treated as China-sourced income. It is not clear how “domicile” may
be interpreted under the EIT Law, and it may be interpreted as the jurisdiction where the enterprise is a tax
resident. Therefore, if we are considered as a PRC tax resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes, any dividends we
pay to our overseas shareholders or ADS holders which are non-resident enterprises as well as gains realized by
such shareholders or ADS holders from the transfer of our shares or ADSs may be regarded as China-sourced
income and as a result become subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10%, unless any such non-resident
enterprise’s jurisdiction has a tax treaty with China that provides for a preferential treatment.
Furthermore, if we are considered a PRC resident enterprise and the competent PRC tax authorities consider
dividends we pay with respect to our shares or ADSs and the gains realized from the transfer of our shares or
ADSs to be income derived from sources within the PRC, such dividends and gains we pay to our overseas
shareholders or ADS holders who are non-resident individuals may be subject to PRC individual income tax at a
rate of 20%, unless any such non-resident individuals’ jurisdiction has a tax treaty with China that provides for a
preferential tax rate or a tax exemption. It is also unclear whether, if we are considered a PRC resident enterprise,
holders of our shares or ADSs would be able to claim the benefit of income tax treaties or agreements entered
into between China and other countries or areas.
See “Item 3. Key Information — D. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s Republic
of China — We may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the PRC Enterprise Income
Tax Law, and we may therefore be subject to PRC income tax on our global income.” and “Item 3. Key
Information — D. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s Republic of China —
Dividends payable to our foreign investors and gains on the sale of our ADSs or ordinary shares by our foreign
investors may become subject to PRC taxation.”
Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations
The following summary describes the material United States federal income tax consequences of the
ownership of our ordinary shares and ADSs as of the date of this annual report. The discussion set forth below is
applicable only to United States Holders. Except where noted, this summary deals only with ordinary shares and
ADSs held as capital assets. As used herein, the term “United States Holder” means a beneficial owner of an
ordinary share or ADS that is for United States federal income tax purposes:
0 an individual citizen or resident of the United States;
° a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes)
created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District
of Columbia;
0 an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source; or
192