ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
4. Signiﬁcant equity transactions, restructuring transactions, mergers and acquisitions and equity investments
(Continued)
Mergers and acquisitions
(c) Acquisition of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (“Alibaba Health”)
In April 2014, the Company and Yunfeng Capital, of which the executive chairman of the Company has a
40% interest in its general partner, completed an acquisition of newly issued ordinary shares representing a
total equity and voting interest of approximately 54% in Alibaba Health through their investments in a special
purpose entity. Alibaba Health, a company that is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, is primarily
engaged in the business of developing the technology for product identification, authentication and tracking
system for pharmaceutical and medical products in the PRC. The Company holds a 70% equity interest in the
special purpose entity and Yunfeng Capital holds the remaining 30% equity interest. Cash consideration of
HK$932 million (RMB741 million) was paid upon the closing of the transaction by the Company to acquire its
equity interest in the special purpose entity. Although the Company controls the board of the special purpose
entity, the investment and shareholders agreement provided that the underlying shares in Alibaba Health are
voted by the Company and Yunfeng Capital separately based on their respective effective equity interest,
including voting rights. The Company had an effective equity and voting interest of approximately 38% in
Alibaba Health, exercised significant inﬂuence over and accounted for Alibaba Health as an equity method
investee.
In July 2015, in preparation of the transfer of the Tmall online pharmacy business operations of the Company
to Alibaba Health (of which the agreement was subsequently terminated), the investment and shareholders
agreement was amended under which Yunfeng Capital agreed to irrevocably give up its separate voting rights
with respect to its indirect interest in Alibaba Health at no consideration. Such control is important for the
Company to execute its digital and data-driven healthcare strategy through Alibaba Health as its ﬂagship
vehicle in this sector, indirectly economically benefiting all shareholders including Yunfeng Capital. As a result
of the amendment, the Company obtained control over the entire 54% equity interest in Alibaba Health
through its control over the board of the special purpose entity. Consequently, Alibaba Health became a
consolidated subsidiary while the Company’s effective equity interest in Alibaba Health remains at
approximately 38%.
The equity value of Alibaba Health of HK$64,319 million (RMB50,723 million), estimated based on the
market price of the issued shares of Alibaba Health listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange which was the
more readily ascertainable fair value as of the deemed acquisition date, was used to allocate the fair value of
net assets acquired, the fair value of noncontrolling interests and calculate the gain of RMB18,603 million
which was recognized in relation to the revaluation of previously held equity interest relating to obtaining
control of Alibaba Health in interest and investment income, net in the consolidated income statement for the
year ended March 31, 2016.
F-4O