On October 23, 2015, the Ministry of Culture promulgated the Notice on Further Strengthening and
Improving the Content Review of Online Music, which took effect on January 1, 2016. According to this notice,
ICP operators are required to submit their content administrative system, review procedures, and work standards
to the provincial culture administrative department where they are located for filing within a prescribed period.
Regulations on Producing Audio/Video Programs
On July 19, 2004, the SARFT promulgated the Administrative Measures on the Production and Operation of
Radio and Television Programs, effective as of August 20, 2004 and amended on August 28, 2015. These Measures
provide that anyone who wishes to produce or operate radio or television programs must first obtain an operating
permit.
On February 1, 2002, the State Council promulgated the Regulations for the Administration of Films, or the
Film Regulations, effective as of February 1, 2002. The Film Regulations set forth the general regulatory guidelines
for China’s film industry and address practical issues with respect to production, censorship, distribution and
screening. They also establish the SARFT as the sector’s regulatory authority, and serve as the foundation for all
other legislation promulgated in this area. The Film Regulations provide the framework for an industry-wide
licensing system operated by the SARFT, under which separate permits (and permit application procedures) apply.
Regulation of Internet Security
The Decision in Relation to Protection of the Internet Security enacted by the Standing Committee of the
National People’s Congress of China on December 28, 2000 provides that the following activities conducted
through the Internet are subject to criminal punishment:
0 gaining improper entry into a computer or system of strategic importance;
0 disseminating politically disruptive information or Obscenities;
° leaking State secrets;
0 spreading false commercial information; or
0 infringing intellectual property rights.
The Administrative Measures on the Security Protection of Computer Information Network with International
Connections, issued by the Ministry of Public Security on December 16, 1997 and amended on January 8, 2011,
prohibit the use of the Internet in a manner that would result in the leakage of State secrets or the spread of
socially destabilizing content. The Provisions on Technological Measures for Internet Security Protection, or the
Internet Security Protection Measures, promulgated on December 13, 2005 by Ministry of Public Security require
all ICPs to keep records of certain information about its users (including user registration information, log-in and
log-out time, IP address, content and time of posts by users) for at least 60 days and submit the above information
as required by laws and regulations. Under these measures, the value-added telecommunications services license
holders must regularly update information security and content control systems for their websites and must also
report any public dissemination of prohibited content to local public security authorities. If a value-added
telecommunications services license holder violates these measures, the Ministry of Public Security and the local
security bureaus may revoke its operating license and shut down its websites.
The Communication Network Security Protection Administrative Measures, which was promulgated by the
MIIT on January 21, 2010, require that all communication network operators including telecommunications
services providers and Internet domain name service providers divide their own communication networks into
units. Such communication network units shall be rated in accordance with degree of damage to national security,
economic operation, social order and public interest assuming such units is damaged. The communication network
operators must file the division and ratings of their communication network with MIIT or its local counterparts. If
a communication network operator violates these measures, the MIIT or its local counterparts may order
rectification or impose a fine up to RMB30,000 in case such violation is not duly rectified.
91