ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
(g) Revenue recognition (Continued)
In delivery of these online marketing services, the Company, through the third-party marketing affiliate
program, also places the P4P marketing services content of the participating merchants on third-party websites
in the forms of picture or text links through contextual relevance technology to match merchants’ marketing
content to the textual content of the third-party website and the users’ attributes based on the Company’s
systems and algorithms. When such links on third-party websites are clicked, users are diverted to a landing
page of the Company’s marketplaces where listings of the participating merchant as well as similar products or
services of other merchants are presented. These other merchants may include those also participating in the
online marketing services through the third-party marketing affiliate program or those only purchasing online
marketing services on the Company’s own marketplaces, as well as, in some cases, those who do not purchase
online marketing services at all. Revenue is only recognized when such users further click on the P4P
marketing content on such landing pages. In limited cases, the Company may embed a search box for one of
its marketplaces on such third-party websites, and when a keyword is input into the search box, the user will
be diverted to the Company’s website where search results are presented and revenue can be generated
through a similar mechanism. For third—party marketing affiliates with whom the Company has an
arrangement to share such revenue, traffic acquisition cost is also recognized at the same time if the P4P
marketing content on the landing page clicked by the users is from merchants participating in the third-party
marketing affiliate program. The Company places display marketing content on third-party websites in a
similar manner. A substantial portion of online marketing services revenue generated through the third-party
marketing affiliate program represented P4P marketing services revenue for each of the years presented. P4P
marketing service revenue as well as display marketing revenue generated on the Company’s marketplaces or
through the third-party marketing affiliate program are recorded on a gross basis principally because the
Company is the primary obligor to the merchants in the arrangements.
The Company receives placement services fees from merchants on promotional slots for a specified period on
the Company’s Juhuasuan marketplace and recognizes those fees as revenue when the underlying promotional
services are provided.
In addition, the Company offers the Taobaoke program which generates commissions from merchants for
transactions completed and settled by consumers sourced from certain third party marketing affiliates’
websites. The Company’s portion of commission revenue generated through third party marketing affiliates’
websites is recognized at the time when the underlying transaction is completed and is recorded on a net basis
principally because the Company is not the primary obligor as it does not have latitude in establishing prices
or does not have inventory risk. In certain occasions where the Company is obligated to pay for website
inventory costs in fixed amounts to third-party marketing affiliates regardless of whether commission revenue
is generated from these marketing affiliates, such commission revenue is recorded on a gross basis.
Commissions on transactions
The Company earns commissions from merchants when transactions are completed and settled on certain
retail marketplaces of the Company. Such commissions are generally determined as a percentage based on the
value of merchandise being sold by the merchants. Revenue related to commissions is recognized in the
consolidated income statements at the time when the underlying transaction is completed.
F-21