ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
4. Signiﬁcant equity transactions, restructuring transactions, mergers and acquisitions and equity investments
(Continued)
(d) Acquisition of AutoNavi Holdings Limited (“AutoNavi”) (Continued)
In July 2014, the Company completed an acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding shares of AutoNavi
that the Company did not already own. Following the completion of the transaction, AutoNavi became a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the listing of the ADS of AutoNavi on the Nasdaq
was withdrawn.
The total cash consideration of US$1,032 million (RMB6,348 million) was paid upon the closing of the
transaction. The allocation of the purchase price at the date of acquisition is summarized as follows:
Amounts
(in millions of RMB)
Net assets acquired 2,236
Amortizable intangible assets (i)
User base and customer relationships 255
Trade names, trademarks and domain names 249
Developed technology and patents 1,387
Goodwill 4,380
Deferred tax assets 72
Deferred tax liabilities (284)
Total 8,295
Amounts
(in millions of RMB)
Total purchase price comprised of:
- cash consideration 6,348
- fair value of previously held equity interests 1,947
Total 8,295
(i) Acquired amortizable intangible assets have estimated amortization periods not exceeding four years and
a weighted-average amortization period of 3.0 years.
A gain of RMB284 million was recognized in relation to the revaluation of previously held equity interest
relating to the step acquisition of AutoNavi in interest and investment income, net in the consolidated income
statement for the year ended March 31, 2015. As AutoNavi was a publicly listed company prior to this step
acquisition, the fair value of the previously held equity interest was estimated with reference to the market
price upon the completion of the transaction, with an adjustment made to reﬂect other factors that may affect
such fair value estimation.
The rationale for this transaction is to enable the Company to expand its products and services. The Company
believes the acquisition will help to develop and provide online-to-ofﬂine/ofﬂine-to-online commerce and
location-based services to its mobile commerce user base. Goodwill arising from this acquisition was
attributable to the synergies expected from the combined operations of AutoNavi and the Company, the
assembled workforce and the future development initiatives of the assembled workforce to enhance the mobile
offerings of the Company beyond e-commerce.
F-42