Paulson Institute and Institute of Public and Environmental Affairs. For example, we supported the development
of Wei Lan Map (ﬁﬁﬂ ) mobile app that exposes pollution hotspots in China and the companies and factories
responsible for it on a map. Hundreds of corporations have made press releases about the data exposed by this
app while a portion of these corporations have reacted by taking actions to rectify the problems exposed.
Over 130,000 hours. Starting from September 2015, we encourage our employees to perform at a minimum
three hours of charitable activities every year. Since the program’s inception until the end of fiscal year 2016, this
program saw over 130,000 hours of social service performed by our employees.
Over 3.3 billion participations. We recognize our immense inﬂuence on our ecosystem and we leverage that to
extend the reach of our charitable work. In fiscal year 2016, our platforms facilitated over 3.3 billion charitable
participations involving over 280 million consumers and over 1.5 million merchants. We encourage our merchants,
consumers and other ecosystem participants to participate in socially responsible activities. For example, charitable
organizations can set up storefronts on our marketplaces to raise funds and engage volunteers. Merchants can
designate certain percentage of their sales proceeds generated on our platforms to go to charitable organizations.
Consumers can contribute to charitable causes through purchasing these products or participating in charity
auctions hosted on our platforms.
Competition
We face competition principally from established Chinese Internet companies, such as Tencent, Baidu and
their respective affiliates, as well as from certain ofﬂine retailers and vertical e-commerce players, including those
that specialize in a limited number of categories. These competitors generate significant traffic and have
established brand recognition, significant technological capabilities and significant financial resources. The areas in
which we compete include:
° Consumers — We compete to attract, engage and retain consumers based on the variety and value of
products and services listed on our marketplaces, the engagement of media and entertainment content
available on our platforms and the overall user experience of our products and services.
° Merchants and Brands — We compete to attract and retain merchants based on the size and the engagement
of consumers on our platforms and the effectiveness of our products and services to help them build brand
awareness and engagement, acquire and retain customers, complete transactions and enhance operating
efficiency.
0 Marketers — We compete to attract and retain marketers, publishers and demand side platforms operated by
agencies based on the reach and engagement of our properties, the depth of our consumer data insights and
the effectiveness of our branding and marketing solutions.
° Talent — We compete for motivated and effective talent and personnel, including engineers and product
developers to build compelling apps, tools and functions for all participants in our ecosystem.
We also face competition from major global Internet companies, including e-commerce companies around the
world. Although foreign e-commerce companies currently have a limited presence in China, we face significant
competition from them in the areas of cross-border commerce, in particular as we further carry out geographic
expansions into international markets.
Seasonality
Our overall operating results ﬂuctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of a variety of factors, including
seasonal factors and economic cycles that inﬂuence consumer spending as well as promotional shopping activities
we conduct.
Historically, we have experienced the highest levels of revenues in the fourth calendar quarter of each year
due to a number of factors, including merchants allocating a significant portion of their online marketing budgets
83