partners, logistics service providers, mobile app developers, independent software vendors, or ISVs, cloud
developers, marketing affiliates and various professional service providers. These ecosystem participants face the
same challenges inherent in handling and protecting large volumes of data. Any systems failure or security breach
or lapse on our part or on the part of any of our ecosystem participants that results in the release of user data
could harm our reputation and brand and, consequently, our business, in addition to exposing us to potential legal
liability.
As we expand our operations, we will be subject to additional laws in other jurisdictions where our merchants,
consumers, users, customers and other participants are located. The laws, rules and regulations of other
jurisdictions, such as the United States and Europe, may be at a more mature stage of development, be more
comprehensive and nuanced in their scope, and impose more stringent or conﬂicting requirements and penalties
than those in China, compliance with which could require significant resources and costs. Our continued expansion
into cloud computing services, both within China and overseas, will also increase the amount of data hosted on our
system and increase the number of parties who host data on our system, which will present increased challenges
and risks in relation to data protection and data privacy. Our privacy policies and practices concerning the
collection, use and disclosure of user data are posted on our websites. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to
comply with our posted privacy policies or with any regulatory requirements or privacy protection-related laws,
rules and regulations could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others. These
proceedings or actions could subject us to significant penalties and negative publicity, require us to change our
business practices, increase our costs and severely disrupt our business.
Our failure to manage the growth of our business and operations could harm as.
Our business has become increasingly complex as its scale, diversity and geographic coverage, as well as that
of our workforce, continue to grow. We have also significantly expanded our headcount, office facilities and
infrastructure, and we anticipate that further expansion in certain areas and geographies will be required. This
expansion increases the complexity of our operations and places a significant strain on our management,
operational and financial resources. We must continue to effectively hire, train and manage new employees. If our
new hires perform poorly or if we are unsuccessful in hiring, training, managing and integrating new employees,
our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially harmed.
Moreover, our current and planned personnel, systems, procedures and controls may not be adequate to
support our future operations. To effectively manage the expected growth of our operations and personnel, we will
need to continue to improve our transaction processing, operational and financial systems, procedures and controls,
which could be particularly challenging as we acquire new operations with different and incompatible systems, in
new industries or geographic areas. These efforts will require significant managerial, financial and human
resources. We cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively manage our growth or to implement all these
systems, procedures and control measures successfully. If we are not able to manage our growth effectively, our
business and prospects may be materially and adversely affected.
We face risks relating to our acquisitions, investments and alliances.
We have acquired and invested in a large number and diverse range of businesses, technologies, services and
products in recent years, including investments of varying sizes in equity investees and joint ventures, and we have
a number of pending investments and acquisitions that are subject to closing conditions. See “Item 5. Operating
and Financial Review and Prospects — A. Operating Results — Recent Investment, Acquisition and Strategic
Alliance Activities.” We expect to continue to evaluate and consider a wide array of potential strategic transactions
as part of our overall business strategy, including business combinations, acquisitions and dispositions of businesses,
technologies, services, products and other assets, as well as strategic investments and alliances. At any given time
16