Sports
Alibaba Sports Group, established in September 2015, is engaged in the development and operation of sports
IP, sporting events, e-sports contests, sporting venues, sports merchandise and acquisition of selected media rights,
leveraging our expertise in e-commerce and our various entertainment distribution platforms.
Other Innovation Initiatives
YunOS Operating System
YunOS is a cloud-based mobile operating system for smartphones, Internet of Things devices, set-top boxes,
smart televisions and smart cars, among others. Using YunOS, users can conveniently and securely synchronize
data, such as call data, text messages and photos, across their devices through the cloud. YunOS provides the
connectivity between cloud-based applications and hardware devices, with a focus on the data needs of users.
AutoNavi
AutoNavi is a leading provider of digital map, navigation and location-based services in China.
DingTalk
DingTalk is our proprietary enterprise communications app that provides support for text, voice and video
communication, work ﬂow management and collaboration among team members and enterprises of various sizes.
With a built-in enterprise directory, users can initiate text chats or voice and video conference calls as well as
secured group chats with members of their organization. DingTalk unifies the tasks of critical communication and
collaboration in the work place.
Alibaba Health
Alibaba Health is our ﬂagship vehicle to bring innovative solutions to the healthcare industry.
Monetization Platforms and Systems
Alimama
Alimama is our marketing technology platform that provides the publisher-side serving and demand-side
functionalities for merchants and brands to place various marketing display formats on our marketplaces and other
third-party properties. The platform supports P4P marketing based on keyword search rankings or display
marketing in fixed positions that are bid through auctions, as well as cost-per-thousand impression-based (CPM)
marketing formats via the display of photos and graphics.
The ranking of P4P search results on our core commerce marketplaces is based upon proprietary algorithms
that take into account the bid price of keywords, the popularity of an item or merchant, customer feedback
ranking of merchants and quality of product displays. For display marketing, the Alimama platform serves
marketing messages based on data from our ecosystem, including transactions on our core commerce platforms,
payment data from Ant Financial Services, logistics data from Cainiao Network, user navigation and behavioral
data from our core commerce and media entertainment properties, as well as demographic and location-based
data. The relevance and comprehensiveness of data based on commercial activities and user activities around our
ecosystem provide a powerful and unique advantage for Alimama to target the most relevant information to the
most relevant users.
We have developed a system that we call Super ID to track users across different properties and devices. For
example, we are able to identify a user watching a Youku Tudou video on a PC as the same user shopping on our
Taobao App. Our Super ID system takes disparate data and attributes the data to a single user, and in this we can
provide marketers with valuable insights into user behavior and preferences.
74