management resources, injunctions against us or payment of damages. We may need to obtain licenses from third
parties who allege that we have infringed their rights, but such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable
to us or at all. These risks have been amplified by the increase in the number of third parties whose sole or
primary business is to assert such claims.
China has enacted laws and regulations governing Internet access and the distribution of products, services,
news, information, audio-video programs and other content through the Internet. The PRC government has
prohibited the distribution of information through the Internet that it deems to be in violation of PRC laws and
regulations, impairs the national dignity of China or the public interest, or is obscene, superstitious, fraudulent or
defamatory. Users of certain of our websites and platforms, including Youku Tudou, can upload content, to such
websites and platforms, which is generally referred to as “user-generated content.” Due to the significant amount
of content uploaded by our users, we may not be able to identify all the videos or other content that may violate
relevant laws and regulations. If any of the information disseminated through our marketplaces and websites,
including videos and other content (including user-generated content) displayed on Youku Tudou’s or other of our
websites or on our T mall set-top-boxes and smart televisions powered by our YunOS that provide access to
entertainment and e-commerce content, were deemed by the PRC government to violate any content restrictions,
we would not be able to continue to display such content and could become subject to penalties, including
confiscation of income, fines, suspension of business and revocation of required licenses, which could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The outcome of any claims,
investigations and proceedings is inherently uncertain, and in any event defending against these claims could be
both costly and time-consuming, and could significantly divert the efforts and resources of our management and
other personnel. An adverse determination in any such litigation or proceedings could cause us to pay damages, as
well as legal and other costs, limit our ability to conduct business or require us to change the manner in which we
operate and harm our reputation.
We may become the target of anti-monopoly and unfair competition claims, which may result in our being subject to ﬁnes
as well as constraints on our business.
Although the PRC Anti—Monopoly Law is relatively recent, having taken effect on August 1, 2008, PRC
anti-monopoly enforcement agencies, namely the Ministry of Commerce, or the MOFCOM, the National
Development and Reform Commission, or the NDRC, and the SAIC, have in recent years strengthened
enforcement actions, including levying significant fines, with respect to concentration of undertakings and cartel
activity, mergers and acquisitions, as well as abusive behavior of companies having market dominance. The PRC
Anti-Monopoly Law also provides a private right of action for competitors or users to bring anti-monopoly claims
against companies. In recent years, an increased number of companies have been exercising their right to seek
relief under the PRC Anti-Monopoly Law. As public awareness of the rights under the PRC Anti—Monopoly Law
increases, more companies, including our competitors, business partners and customers may resort to seeking the
remedies available under the law, such as through complaints to regulators or as plaintiffs in private ligation, to
improve their competition position, regardless of the merits of their claims.
From time to time, we may receive close scrutiny from government agencies under the PRC Anti-Monopoly
Law in connection with our business practices, investments and acquisitions. Any anti-monopoly lawsuit or
administrative proceeding initiated against us may result in our being subject to profit disgorgement, heavy fines
and various constraints on our business, or result in negative publicity which could harm our reputation and
negatively affect the trading price of our ADSs. These constraints could include forced termination of any
agreements or arrangements that are determined to be in violation of anti-monopoly laws, required divestitures
and limitations on certain business practices, which may limit our ability to continue to innovate, diminish the
appeal of our services and increase our operating costs. These constraints could also enable our competitors to
develop websites, products and services that mimic the functionality of our services, which could decrease the
popularity of our marketplaces, products and services among merchants, consumers and other participants, and
cause our revenue and net income to decrease materially.
26