Islands will generally recognize and enforce a non-penal judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction
without retrial on the merits.
Our corporate affairs are governed by our memorandum and articles of association, as amended and restated
from time to time, and by the Companies Law (2013 Revision) and common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights
of shareholders to take legal action against us and our directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary
duties of our directors are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law
of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as
well as from English common law, which provides persuasive, but not binding, authority in a court in the Cayman
Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary duties of our directors under Cayman Islands law are not
as clearly established as they would be under statutes or judicial precedents in the United States. In particular, the
Cayman Islands has a less developed body of securities laws than the United States and provides significantly less
protection to investors. In addition, shareholders in Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a
shareholder derivative action in US. federal courts.
In addition, our articles of association provide that in the event that any shareholder initiates or asserts any
claim or counterclaim against us, or joins, offers substantial assistance to or has a direct financial interest in any
claim or counterclaim against us, and does not obtain a judgment on the merits in which the initiating or asserting
party prevails, then the shareholder will be obligated to reimburse us for all fees, costs and expenses (including,
but not limited to, all reasonable attorneys’ fees and other litigation expenses) that we may incur in connection
with such claim or counterclaim. These fees, costs and expenses that may be shifted to a shareholder under this
provision are potentially significant and this fee-shifting provision is not limited to specific types of actions, but is
rather potentially applicable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Our fee-shifting provision may dissuade or discourage our shareholders (and their attorneys) from initiating
lawsuits or claims against us or may impact the fees, contingency or otherwise, required by attorneys to represent
our shareholders. Fee-shifting provisions such as ours are relatively new and untested. We cannot assure you that
we will or will not invoke our fee-shifting provision in any particular dispute, or that we will be successful in
obtaining fees if we choose to invoke the provision.
As a result of the foregoing, our public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests
through actions against us, our management, our directors or our major shareholders than would shareholders of a
corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction in the United States.
The voting rights of holders of our ADSs are limited by the terms of the deposit agreement.
Holders of our ADSs may exercise their voting rights with respect to the ordinary shares underlying their
ADSs only in accordance with the provisions of the deposit agreement. Upon receipt of voting instructions from
them in the manner set forth in the deposit agreement, the depositary for our ADSs will endeavor to vote their
underlying ordinary shares in accordance with these instructions. Under our articles of association, the minimum
notice period required for convening a general meeting is ten days. When a general meeting is convened, holders
of our ADSs may not receive sufficient notice of a shareholders’ meeting to permit them to withdraw their
ordinary shares to allow them to cast their votes with respect to any specific matter at the meeting. In addition, the
depositary and its agents may not be able to send voting instructions to holders of our ADSs or carry out their
voting instructions in a timely manner. We will make all reasonable efforts to cause the depositary to extend voting
rights to holders of our ADSs in a timely manner, but they may not receive the voting materials in time to ensure
that they can instruct the depositary to vote the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs. Furthermore, the
depositary and its agents will not be responsible for any failure to carry out any instructions to vote, for the
manner in which any vote is cast or for the effect of any such vote. As a result, holders of our ADSs may not be
able to exercise their rights to vote and they may lack recourse if the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs are
not voted as they requested.
53