In 2009, Tmall pioneered November 11, known as “Singles Day” in China, as an annual promotional shopping
day. Singles Day has become the most important shopping event in China and we believe it generated the highest
one-day retail sales volume in the world: on November 11, 2015, our China and international retail marketplaces
generated GMV of RMB91 billion (US$14 billion) settled through Alipay within a 24-hour period.
Brands and retailers operate their own stores on the Tmall platform with unique brand identities and look and
feel, accompanied by full control over their own branding and merchandising. Merchants on our China retail
marketplces can customize their storefronts right down to the software code, without much constraint. As of
March 31, 2016, there were over 100,000 brands on T mall. Because of the presence of a large number of global
brands and the stringent requirements for merchants to operate on Tmall, a presence on Tmall has become a
validation of quality, allowing merchants to take advantage of our significant traffic to extend and build brand
awareness and customer engagement. Major international brands that have physical operations in China, such as
Apple, Zara, Bose, Estée Lauder, P&G and Unilever, are well represented on Tmall. And Tmall Global, an
extension of Tmall, addresses the increasing demand from Chinese consumers for international products and
brands that don’t have presences in China. Brands and retailers turn to Tmall not only for its broad user base, but
also for its merchant services and tools for customer acquisition, retention and engagement and to enhance the
efficiency of their operations.
We also seek to build our mind-share among consumers to position Tmall as the premier shopping destination
for everyday items, highlighting value and convenience. For example, through Tmall Supermarket, we offer
consumers frequently purchased products, such as groceries and fast-moving consumer goods, or FMCG, in densely
populated top-tier cities, where consumers enjoy same-day delivery or next-day delivery coordinated through the
warehouse and delivery network partners of Cainiao Network. In consumer electronics, we have leveraged Singles
Day to strengthen consumer recognition of T mall’s value proposition through exclusive promotions of high value
items such as mobile phones, as well as high quality delivery, installation and after-sale services on home
appliances, such as television sets, kitchen appliances, refrigerators and washing machines, through our partners
Ri Ri Shun (El El 1100:), or RRS, and Suning.
Merchants on Tmall pay commissions based on a pre-determined percentage of transaction value that varies
by product category, typically ranging from 0.4% to 5.0%. Tmall merchants also pay an annual upfront service fee,
up to 100% of which may be refunded depending on sales volume achieved by the merchant within each year. Like
Taobao Marketplace merchants, Tmall merchants have access to online marketing services, third—party marketing
affiliates and storefront software.
Juhuasuan
Juhuasuan is a sales and marketing platform for ﬂash sales where Tmall and Taobao Marketplace merchants
can acquire new customers and raise brand awareness through special discounts and promotional events.
Juhuasuan offers selected branded and private label products, products made to custom specifications, as well as
services such as group travel packages. Juhuasuan is an additional avenue for Taobao Marketplace or Tmall
merchants to feature their trendiest products and to generate sales. Transactions from traffic originated on
Juhuasuan are completed on the merchants’ storefronts on Taobao Marketplace or T mall. Merchants primarily pay
a commission based on a pre-determined percentage of transaction value generated from Juhuasuan, which varies
by product category, and, under certain circumstances, a placement fee for promotional slots for a specified period.
Rural Taobao
As of December 31, 2015, over 600 million people in China resided in rural areas, according to the National
Bureau of Statistics of China. Consumption in the rural areas is highly constrained by geographic and
infrastructural limitations, as the cost of distribution to geographically dispersed and remote locations is
prohibitively high. We aim to increase the level of consumption and commerce in rural China through our Rural
Taobao program. We have established service centers in villages to give rural residents greater access to goods and
services and the ability to sell what they make to the cities. Villagers can shop at these service centers, with the
69