If our P4P and other related services are characterized as a form of online advertising which may require an
ICP license or other licenses, we may have to conduct our P4P business through variable interest entities, which
are qualified to operate online advertising business and hold ICP or other licenses, and we may face increased
scrutiny from the tax authorities and may incur additional taxes on any service fees paid by our variable interest
entities to our wholly-foreign owned enterprises. In addition, advertising services are subject to a cultural
construction fee under PRC law, which is a 3% surcharge in addition to the applicable value-added tax. If our P4P
and other related services were to be considered a form of online advertising, our revenue from those services
would be subject to the 3% surcharge. If that were to occur, our margins would decline and our net income could
be reduced. In addition, the substantial revenue streams attributable to our P4P services would then be collected
from variable interest entities and subject to the risks associated with variable interest entities. If the change in
classification of our P4P and other related services were to be retroactively applied, we might be subject to
sanctions, including payment of delinquent taxes and late payment interest.
Moreover, PRC advertising laws, rules and regulations require advertisers, advertising operators and
advertising distributors to ensure that the content of the advertisements they prepare or distribute is fair and
accurate and is in full compliance with applicable law. Violation of these laws, rules or regulations may result in
penalties, including fines, confiscation of advertising fees, orders to cease dissemination of the advertisements and
orders to publish an advertisement correcting the misleading information. In circumstances involving serious
violations, the PRC government may revoke a violator’s license for operating an advertising business. In addition,
the Draft Internet Advertising Measures requires paid-for search results to be obviously distinguished from natural
search results so that consumers will not misunderstand the nature of such search results. If the Draft Internet
Advertising Measures are promulgated as proposed, we will be obligated to distinguish from others the merchants
who purchase P4P and related services or the relevant listings by such merchants. Complying with such
requirements, including any penalties or fines for any failure to comply, may significantly reduce the attractiveness
of our platforms and increase our costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.
In addition, for advertising content related to specific types of products and services, advertisers, advertising
operators and advertising distributors must confirm that the advertisers have obtained requisite government
approvals, including the advertiser’s operating qualifications, proof of quality inspection of the advertised products,
government pre-approval of the contents of the advertisement and filing with the local authorities. If we become
subject to PRC advertising laws, we would need to take steps to monitor, and to ensure that our third-party
marketing affiliates monitor, the content of any advertisements displayed on our platforms. This could require
considerable resources and time, and could significantly affect the operation of our business, while also subjecting
us to increased liability under the relevant laws, rules and regulations. The costs associated with complying with
such laws, rules and regulations, including any penalties or fines for our failure to so comply if required, could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any change in the
classification of our P4P and other related services by the PRC government may also significantly disrupt our
operations and materially and adversely affect our business and prospects.
We may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, and we may
therefore be subject to PRC income tax on our global income.
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementing rules, both of which came into effect on
January 1, 2008, enterprises established under the laws of jurisdictions outside of China with “de facto
management bodies” located in China may be considered PRC tax resident enterprises for tax purposes and may
be subject to the PRC enterprise income tax at the rate of 25% on their global income. “De facto management
body” refers to a managing body that exercises substantive and overall management and control over the
production and business, personnel, accounting books and assets of an enterprise. The State Administration of
Taxation issued the Notice Regarding the Determination of Chinese-Controlled Offshore-Incorporated Enterprises
as PRC Tax Resident Enterprises on the Basis of De Facto Management Bodies, or Circular 82, on April 22, 2009.
Circular 82 provides certain specific criteria for determining whether the “de facto management body” of a
Chinese-controlled offshore-incorporated enterprise is located in China. Although Circular 82 only applies to
45