200 countries all over the world. Buyers are typically trade agents, wholesalers, retailers, manufacturers and SMEs
engaged in the import and export business.
Through OneTouch, an Internet-based integrated services platform, we offer members of Alibaba.com and
other SMEs services relating to import/export transactions, including customs clearance, VAT refund, trade
financing and logistics. In the twelve months ended March 31, 2016, OneTouch processed over US$15 billion in
import/export transaction volume. In 2015, Alibaba.com began offering Trade Assurance, a service through which
we will compensate a buyer for damages arising from a seller’s breach of contract terms. The amount of coverage
is based on the seller’s credit profile generated from data on our platforms. As of March 31, 2016, Alibaba.com
had over 137,000 paying members.
Lazada
We acquired a controlling stake in Lazada, a leading e-commerce platform across Southeast Asia, in
April 2016. Lazada operates e-commerce platforms in Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand
and Vietnam, with local language websites and mobile apps in each of the six markets. Lazada offers third-party
brands and merchants a marketplace solution with simple and direct access to consumers in these six countries
through one retail channel. Lazada also sells products owned by its retail operations. It has developed its own
logistics infrastructure with warehouses and a last-mile delivery ﬂeet to offer quick and reliable delivery to its
customers. According to Internet Live Stats’ estimates, the six countries in which Lazada operates have a combined
population of approximately 560 million and an Internet user base of approximately 200 million in 2016.
Cloud Computing
Alibaba Cloud is China’s largest provider of public cloud services in 2015 by revenue, according to IDC. The
technologies that power Alibaba Cloud grew out of our own need to operate the massive scale and complexity of
our core commerce business. In 2009, we founded Alibaba Cloud to make these technologies available for third-
party customers.
Alibaba Cloud offers a complete suite of cloud services, including elastic computing, database, storage and
content delivery network (CDN), large scale computing, security and management and application services.
Products that differentiate Alibaba Cloud from our domestic peers include proprietary security and middleware
products, large scale computing services and analytic capabilities provided by our big data platform. These products
enable customers to build IT infrastructure quickly on-line without having to work on-premise.
We offer our cloud computing services to merchants doing business on our marketplaces, start-ups,
corporations and government organizations. We charges fees that are primarily based on time and usage. As of
March 31, 2016, Alibaba Cloud had over 2.3 million customers, including over 500,000 paying customers.
Customers, including China Railway, Weibo and Beijing Genomics Institute, use our elastic computing services,
security and artificial intelligence capabilities for data storage, transmission and analysis. Customers, such as
Sinopec and BYD, also use our middleware services to upgrade their application infrastructures. Entertainment
platforms, including CCTV and Mango TV, use our content delivery networks for live and on-demand video
business. China Customs and China Meteorological Administration use our big data solutions to improve
efficiency.
Our cloud computing platform supported our annual Singles Day promotion when record traffic and
transactions occur. On Singles Day in 2015, Alibaba Cloud successfully processed peak transactions of
140,000 orders per second, demonstrating the platform’s reliability and scalability. Alibaba Cloud’s distributed
computation framework, FuxiSort, set new world records in the Sort Benchmark contest in 2015, a further
demonstration of our leadership in general-purpose computing systems.
72