ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
(y) Impairment of long-lived assets other than goodwill (Continued)
measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the future undiscounted net cash ﬂows
expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment recognized
is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. No
impairment of long-lived assets other than investment in equity investees was recognized for the years ended
March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016.
(z) Derivatives and hedging
In accordance with ASC 815 “Derivatives and Hedging,” all contracts that meet the definition of a derivative
should be recognized on the consolidated balance sheets as either assets or liabilities and recorded at fair
value. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are either recognized periodically in the consolidated income
statements or in other comprehensive income depending on the use of the derivatives and whether it qualifies
for hedge accounting and is so designated.
To qualify for hedge accounting, the hedge relationship is designated and formally documented at inception,
detailing the particular risk management objective and strategy for the hedge (which includes the item and
risk that is being hedged), the derivative that is being used and how hedge effectiveness is being assessed. A
derivative has to be effective in accomplishing the objective of offsetting either changes in fair value or cash
ﬂows for the risk being hedged. The effectiveness of the hedging relationship is evaluated on a prospective
and retrospective basis using qualitative and quantitative measures of correlation. Qualitative methods may
include comparison of critical terms of the derivative to the hedged item. Quantitative methods include a
comparison of the changes in the fair value or discounted cash ﬂow of the hedging instrument to the hedged
item. A hedging relationship is considered effective if the results of the hedging instrument are within a ratio
of 80% to 125% of the results of the hedged item.
Interest rate swaps
Interest rate swaps designated as hedging instruments to hedge against the cash ﬂows attributable to
recognized assets or liabilities or forecast payments may qualify as cash ﬂow hedges. During the year ended
March 31, 2014, the Company entered into interest rate swap contracts to swap ﬂoating interest payments
related to certain borrowings for fixed interest payments to hedge the interest rate risk associated with certain
forecasted payments and obligations. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of interest rate swaps
that are designated and qualify as cash ﬂow hedges is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income.
The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in interest and investment
income, net in the consolidated income statements. The fair value change of the interest rate swaps not
qualified for hedge accounting held by the Company resulted in a gain of RMB102 million and a loss of
RMB43 million, which were recognized in interest and investment income, net in the consolidated income
statements for the years ended March 31, 2014 and 2015, respectively.
Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income shall be reclassified into earnings in the same period
during which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. Upon the termination of the interest rate
swap contracts during the year ended March 31, 2015, the hedging instruments were derecognized from the
consolidated balance sheets and accumulated other comprehensive income was recorded in interest and
investment income, net resulting in a loss of RMB59 million in the consolidated income statements for the
year ended March 31, 2015.
F-29