ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
4. Signiﬁcant equity transactions, restructuring transactions, mergers and acquisitions and equity investments
(Continued)
(s) Investment in Singapore Post Limited (“SingPost”) (Continued)
S$187 million (RMB895 million). The completion of this transaction is subject to a number of conditions
including the approval by the shareholders of SingPost and certain regulatory authorities.
(t) Investment in Youku Tudou Inc. (“Youku Tudou”)
In May 2014, the Company completed an acquisition of ordinary shares representing an effective equity
interest of 16.5% on a fully-diluted basis in Youku Tudou. Youku Tudou, a company that was previously listed
on the New York Stock Exchange, is a leading multi-screen entertainment and media company in the PRC.
The cash consideration of US$1,090 million (RMB6,723 million) was paid upon the closing of the transaction.
The Company made this investment on the same terms together with Yunfeng Capital, which is also a
co-investor in Youku Tudou. The Company appointed one director to the board of Youku Tudou and the
investment in Youku Tudou is accounted for under the equity method (Note 14). Out of the total purchase
consideration, RMB918 million was allocated to amortizable intangible assets, RMB4,158 million was allocated
to goodwill, RMB230 million was allocated to deferred tax liabilities and RMB1,877 million was allocated to
net assets acquired.
In April 2016, the Company completed an acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Youku
Tudou that the Company or Yunfeng Capital did not already own, at a purchase price of US$27.60 per ADS.
Following the completion of the transaction, Youku Tudou became a consolidated subsidiary of the Company,
with Yunfeng Capital holding an approximately 2% minority interest and the management of Youku Tudou
retaining an option to purchase up to 15% of its equity. The listing of the ADS of Youku Tudou on the
New York Stock Exchange was withdrawn.
Youku Tudou is a core part of the Company’s strategy to offer digital entertainment to consumers in the
Company’s ecosystem, thereby strengthening user engagement as well as enabling a new marketing channel for
the merchants in the Company’s ecosystem. Further, Youku Tudou creates additional revenue sources for the
Company from advertising and membership subscriptions.
The total cash consideration of US$4.4 billion (RMB28.4 billion) was paid upon the closing of the transaction.
Upon the issuance of the consolidated financial statements, the accounting for such business combination,
including the purchase price allocation and the gain or loss arising from this transaction, has not
been finalized.
(u) Investment in Weibo Corporation (“Weibo”)
In April 2014, in connection with Weibo’s initial public offering, the Company acquired additional shares of
Weibo for an aggregate purchase price of US$449 million (RMB2,764 million) pursuant to the option to
increase the equity interest by the Company in Weibo to approximately 30% on a fully-diluted basis (including
the shares to be issued in connection with Weibo’s initial public offering). Weibo is a social media platform in
the PRC that is listed on the Nasdaq. All preferred shares previously held by the Company were automatically
converted into ordinary shares upon completion of Weibo’s initial public offering. Prior to the transaction,
Weibo was an equity investee accounted for under the cost method in which the Company initially acquired an
18% equity interest on a fully-diluted basis for a cash consideration of US$586 million (RMB3,645 million) in
April 2013. After the transaction in April 2014, such investment is accounted for under the equity method
(Note 14). Out of the total purchase consideration, which included the cash purchase price and the carrying
amount of the previously held interest in Weibo, RMB1,126 million was allocated to amortizable intangible
F-51