potential outcomes from current and potential litigation and proceedings as loss contingencies in accordance with
US. GAAP. Our management believes that the risk of loss in connection with the proceedings discussed below is
currently remote and that these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
either individually or in the aggregate. However, in light of the inherent uncertainties involved in these matters,
some of which are beyond our control, the risk of loss may become more likely and an adverse outcome of one or
more of these matters could be material to our results of operations or cash ﬂows for any particular reporting
period. See note 2(ad) to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report
for more information on our provisioning policy with regard to legal and administrative proceedings.
Class Action Lawsuits
Federal Consolidated Exchange Act Actions
In January 2015, we were named as a defendant in the first of seven putative shareholder class action lawsuits
filed in the United States District Courts for the Southern District of New York, Central District of California and
Northern District of California. The operative complaint is brought on behalf of a putative class of shareholders
who acquired our American Depositary Shares from October 21, 2014 through January 29, 2015, inclusive. The
complaints assert claims under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
In June 2015, the US. Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ordered transfer of the actions in the Central
District of California to the Southern District of New York for coordinated or consolidated pretrial proceedings
with the four actions before that court. In June 2015, the Panel ordered transfer of the action pending in the
Northern District of California to the Southern District of New York. All of the actions are now pending in the
Southern District of New York under the master caption, Christine Asia Co, Ltd. et al. v. Alibaba Group Holding
Limited et al., No. 1:15-md-02631-CM (S.D.N.Y.) and related cases.
The Southern District of New York has appointed a Lead Plaintiff and Lead Counsel on behalf of the
putative class pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act.
In June 2015, the Lead Plaintiff filed a consolidated amended complaint, which generally alleges that the
registration statement and prospectus filed in connection with our initial public offering and various other public
statements contained misrepresentations regarding our business operations and financial prospects, and failed to
disclose, among other things, regulatory scrutiny by the SAIC prior to our initial public offering. Specifically,
plaintiffs allege that we should have disclosed a 2014 SAIC anti-counterfeiting initiative in the e-commerce market,
a July 16, 2014 administrative guidance meeting we had with the SAIC that was later the subject of a self-described
“white paper” issued and then withdrawn by the SAIC, and the alleged impact of the sale of counterfeit goods on
our financial results. Plaintiffs assert claims against our company and Executive Chairman Jack Yun Ma, Executive
Vice Chairman Joseph C. Tsai, then Chief Executive Officer Jonathan Zhaoxi Lu and Chief Financial Officer
Maggie Wei Wu for violation of sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the United States Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5.
Plaintiffs seek unspecified damages, attorneys’ fees and costs.
In July 2015, the Defendants filed motions to dismiss the complaint for failure to state a claim. Briefing on
the motion was complete on September 2015. The parties are awaiting the court’s decision.
California State Consolidated Securities Act Actions
In October 2015, we were named as a defendant in the first of three securities class action lawsuits filed in the
Superior Court of the State of California, San Mateo County. The three actions were consolidated in
October 2015, and plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint on March 25, 2016. The consolidated action is
captioned Gary Buelow, et al. v. Alibaba Group Holding Limited, et al., No. CIV-535692 (San Mateo Sup. Ct.). The
consolidated action is brought on behalf of a putative class of investors who purchased Alibaba American
Depositary Shares pursuant or traceable to the IPO. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2)
and 15 of the United States Securities Act of 1933.
The consolidated complaint names our company, Executive Chairman Jack Yun Ma, Executive Vice Chairman
Joseph C. Tsai, then Chief Executive Officer Jonathan Zhaoxi Lu, Chief Financial Officer Maggie Wei Wu,
187