Regulation of Internet Information Services
As a subsector of the telecommunications industry, Internet information services are regulated by the
Administrative Measures on Internet Information Services, or the ICP Measures, promulgated on September 25,
2000 by the State Council and amended on January 8, 2011. “Internet information services” are defined as services
that provide information to online users through the Internet. Internet information services providers, also called
Internet content providers, or ICPs, that provide commercial services are required to obtain an operating license
from the MIIT or its provincial counterpart.
To the extent the Internet information services provided relate to certain matters, including news, publication,
education or medical and healthcare (including pharmaceutical products and medical equipment), approvals must
also be obtained from the relevant industry regulators in accordance with the laws, rules and regulations governing
those industries.
Regulation of Advertising Services
The principal regulations governing advertising businesses in China are:
° the Advertising Law of the PRC (2015, as amended); and
0 the Advertising Administrative Regulations (1987).
These laws, rules and regulations require companies such as ours that engage in advertising activities to obtain a
business license that explicitly includes advertising in the business scope from the SAIC or its local branches.
Applicable PRC advertising laws, rules and regulations contain certain prohibitions on the content of
advertisements in China (including prohibitions on misleading content, superlative wording, socially destabilizing
content or content involving Obscenities, superstition, violence, discrimination or infringement of the public
interest). Advertisements for anesthetic, psychotropic, toxic or radioactive drugs are prohibited, and the
dissemination of advertisements of certain other products, such as tobacco, patented products, pharmaceuticals,
medical instruments, agrochemicals, foodstuff, alcohol and cosmetics, are also subject to specific restrictions and
requirements.
Advertisers, advertising operators and advertising distributors, including the businesses that certain of the
variable interest entities operate, are required by applicable PRC advertising laws, rules and regulations to ensure
that the content of the advertisements they prepare or distribute are true and in compliance with applicable laws,
rules and regulations. Violation of these laws, rules and regulations may result in penalties, including fines,
confiscation of advertising income, orders to cease dissemination of the advertisements and orders to publish an
advertisement correcting the misleading information. In circumstances involving serious violations, the SAIC or its
local branches may revoke the violator’s license or permit for advertising business operations. In addition,
advertisers, advertising operators or advertising distributors may be subject to civil liability if they infringe the legal
rights and interests of third parties, such as infringement of intellectual proprietary rights, unauthorized use of a
name or portrait and defamation.
Regulation of Online and Mobile Commerce
China’s online and mobile commerce industry is at an early stage of development and there are few PRC laws,
regulations or rules specifically regulating this industry. The SAIC adopted the Interim Measures for the
Administration of Online Commodities Trading and Relevant Services on May 31, 2010 and replaced those
measures with the Administrative Measures for Online Trading on January 26, 2014, which became effective on
March 15, 2014. The SAIC also issued the Opinions on Strengthening the Administration of Online Group Buying
Operations on March 12, 2012 to subject group buying website operators to the foregoing measures, especially
those relating to marketplace platform service providers. On December 24, 2014, the MOFCOM promulgated the
Provisions on the Procedures for Formulating Transaction Rules of Third Party Online Retail Platforms (Trial) to
regulate the formulation, revision and enforcement of transaction rules for online retail marketplace platforms.
86