Share-based awards relating to Ant Financial Services
Junhan made grants of certain share—based awards similar to share appreciation awards linked to the valuation
of Ant Financial Services to a substantial number of our employees. The vesting of such awards is conditional
upon the fulfillment of requisite services to us, and such awards will be settled in cash by Junhan upon their
disposal by the holders. Junhan has the right to repurchase the vested awards from the holders upon an initial
public offering of Ant Financial Services or the termination of the employment of the employees with us at a price
to be determined based on the then fair market value of Ant Financial Services. We have no obligation to
reimburse Junhan, Ant Financial Services or its subsidiaries for the cost associated with these awards. The cost
relating to such share-based awards is recognized by us as a shareholder contribution as the awards will ultimately
be settled in cash by Junhan. The awards are accounted for as financial derivatives and initially measured at their
fair value, and the related share-based compensation expense will be recognized over the requisite service period.
Subsequent changes in the fair value of the awards are recorded in the consolidated income statements through
the date on which the underlying awards are settled by Junhan. See note 8(d) to our consolidated financial
statements for the years ended March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016 included elsewhere in this annual report. The fair
values of the underlying equity are primarily determined by reference to the BEV of Ant Financial Services which
is based on the contemporaneous valuation reports or recent financing transactions. Given that the determination
of the BEV of Ant Financial Services requires the judgments and is beyond our control, the magnitude of the
related accounting impact is unpredictable and may affect our consolidated income statement significantly.
As of March 31, 2016, the total unamortized share-based compensation expense related to (i) ordinary shares
of us and our subsidiaries and (ii) awards linked to the valuation of Ant Financial Services that we expect to
recognize was RMB13,709 million (US$2,120 million) and RMB2,542 million with a weighted-average remaining
requisite service period of 2.1 years and 1.7 years, respectively. To the extent the actual forfeiture rate is different
from what we have anticipated, share-based compensation expense related to these awards will be different from
our expectations. Furthermore, share-based compensation expense will be affected by changes in the fair value of
our shares, as certain share-based awards were granted to non-employees where the unvested portions of the
awards are re-measured at each reporting date through the vesting dates in the future. As of March 31, 2016,
share-based awards granted to non-employees included 384,116 share options and 5,880,443 RSUs. In addition,
share-based compensation expense will also be affected by changes in the fair value of awards granted to our
employees by Junhan, which is controlled by Jack Ma. Ant Financial Services has informed us that they expect
Junhan will also issue additional share-based awards to our employees from time to time in the future. See
“Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions — B. Related Party Transaction — Agreements and
Transactions Related to Ant Financial Services and its Subsidiaries — Ownership of Ant Financial Services and
Alipay.” The expenses associated with these awards will be recognized across the functions in which the award
recipients are employed and may continue to be significant in future periods.
Equity-settled Donation Expense
In October 2013, we granted options to acquire 50,000,000 of our ordinary shares to a non-profit organization
designated by Jack Ma and Joe Tsai, subject to irrevocable instructions to designate and transfer these share
options to the separate charitable trusts to be established by them. 35,000,000 and 15,000,000 of these share
options have been transferred to the separate charitable trusts established by Jack Ma and Joe Tsai, respectively.
These share options were approved by our board of directors and the options are not subject to any vesting
condition and are exercisable for a period of four years starting from the grant date. The exercise price of these
options is US$25.00 per share based on a fair market value appraisal process. For each of the eight years
beginning one year after the date of listing of our ordinary shares on a recognized stock exchange, the charitable
trusts are permitted to sell only up to 6,250,000 ordinary shares (or one-eighth of the total number of ordinary
shares subject to the options) per year excluding such number of unsold ordinary shares carried forward from
previous years. The fair value of the share options was determined using the Black-Scholes option valuation model,
which requires inputs such as the fair value of the underlying restricted shares, risk-free interest rate, expected
dividend yield, expected life and expected volatility. As we do not have a history of granting such options for
144