Storefront fees. Our revenue from storefront fees is primarily comprised of monthly subscription fees for
Wangpu (335%), our storefront software that includes a suite of tools that assist merchants in upgrading, decorating
and managing their storefronts.
Purchaser of services: Taobao Marketplace Tmall Juhuasuan
Taobao Marketplace merchants ° P4P marketing fees 0 Not applicable ° Commissions
0 Display marketing fees ° Placement fees
0 Taobaoke commissions
° Storefront fees
° Other fees*
Tmall merchants ° P4P marketing fees 0 Commissions ° Commissions
0 Display marketing fees 0 P4P marketing fees ° Placement fees
0 Display marketing fees
0 Taobaoke commissions
* Other fees primarily consist of online travel commissions and lottery commissions. We suspended our online lottery business in late
February 2015 around the same time as the other major online lottery platforms in China in response to regulatory requirements. As of the
date of this annual report, there is no clear indication on how long this suspension will last.
China Commerce Wholesale. We generate revenue from our China wholesale marketplace, 1688.com, primarily
through:
° Memberships and value-added services. Revenue from our China wholesale marketplace is primarily from the
sale of China TrustPass memberships, which allow wholesalers to host premium storefronts, with access to
basic data analytic applications, and upgraded storefront management tools, as well as from value-added
services, such as premium data analytics. In fiscal year 2016, we generated 73% of our China commerce
wholesale revenue from memberships and value-added services.
° Online marketing services. Revenue from online marketing services on our China wholesale marketplace is
primarily derived from P4P marketing services. In fiscal year 2016, 27% of our China commerce wholesale
revenue was generated from online marketing services.
International Commerce Retail. We generate revenue from our international retail marketplaces, primarily
AliExpress, through commissions, which are typically 5% of transaction value. In the twelve months ended
March 31, 2016, GMV on AliExpress settled through Alipay was US$54 billion. We also generate revenue on
AliExpress from merchants who participate in the third-party affiliate marketing program and those who purchase
P4P marketing services.
International Commerce Wholesale. We generate revenue from our global wholesale marketplace, Alibaba.com,
primarily through:
° Memberships and online marketing services. Revenue from our global wholesale marketplace is primarily
generated from the sale of our Gold Supplier memberships on Alibaba.com, which allow wholesalers to host
premium storefronts with product listings on the marketplace, as well as additional online marketing
services, primarily P4P marketing services. In fiscal year 2016, 67% of our international commerce wholesale
revenue was generated from memberships and online marketing services.
° Value-added services. We generate revenues from providing import/export business solutions through
OneTouch, such as custom clearance and VAT refunds, and other value-added services, such as product
showcases. In fiscal year 2016, we generated 33% of our international commerce wholesale revenue from
these value-added services.
110