applicable, fails to transfer the shares of the variable interest entity according to the respective call option
agreement or equity pledge agreement, we would need to enforce our rights under the call option agreement or
equity pledge agreement, which may be costly and time-consuming and may not be successful.
The contractual arrangements are governed by PRC law and provide for the resolution of disputes through
arbitration or court proceedings in China. Accordingly, these contracts would be interpreted in accordance with
PRC law and any disputes would be resolved in accordance with PRC legal procedures. The legal system in the
PRC is not as developed as in some other jurisdictions, such as the United States. Moreover, there are very few
precedents and little formal guidance as to how contractual arrangements in the context of a variable interest
entity should be interpreted or enforced under PRC law, and as a result it may be difficult to predict how an
arbitration panel or court would view such contractual arrangements. As a result, uncertainties in the PRC legal
system could limit our ability to enforce the contractual arrangements. Under PRC law, if the losing parties fail to
carry out the arbitration awards or court judgments within a prescribed time limit, the prevailing parties may only
enforce the arbitration awards or court judgments in PRC courts, which would require additional expense and
delay. In the event we are unable to enforce the contractual arrangements, we may not be able to exert effective
control over the variable interest entities, and our ability to conduct our business, as well as our financial condition
and results of operations, may be materially and adversely affected.
We may lose the ability to use, or otherwise beneﬁt from, the licenses, approvals and assets held by our variable interest
entities, which could severely disrupt our business, render us unable to conduct some or all of our business operations and
constrain our growth.
Although the significant majority of our revenues are generated, and the significant majority of our
operational assets are held, by our wholly-foreign owned enterprises, which are our subsidiaries, our variable
interest entities hold licenses and approvals and assets that are necessary for our business operations, as well as
equity interests in a series of our portfolio companies, to which foreign investments are typically restricted or
prohibited under applicable PRC law. The contractual arrangements contain terms that specifically obligate
variable interest entity equity holders to ensure the valid existence of the variable interest entities and restrict the
disposal of material assets of the variable interest entities. However, in the event the variable interest entity equity
holders breach the terms of these contractual arrangements and voluntarily liquidate our variable interest entities,
or any of our variable interest entities declares bankruptcy and all or part of its assets become subject to liens or
rights of third-party creditors, or are otherwise disposed of without our consent, we may be unable to conduct
some or all of our business operations or otherwise benefit from the assets held by the variable interest entities,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Furthermore, if any of our variable interest entities undergoes a voluntary or involuntary liquidation proceeding, its
equity holders or unrelated third-party creditors may claim rights to some or all of the assets of such variable
interest entity, thereby hindering our ability to operate our business as well as constrain our growth.
The equity holders, directors and executive oﬁ‘icers of the variable interest entities may have potential conﬂicts of interest
with our company.
PRC laws provide that a director and an executive officer owes a fiduciary duty to the company he or she
directs or manages. The directors and executive officers of the variable interest entities, including Jack Ma, our
lead founder and executive chairman, must act in good faith and in the best interests of the variable interest
entities and must not use their respective positions for personal gain. On the other hand, as a director of our
company, Jack has a duty of care and loyalty to our company and to our shareholders as a whole under Cayman
Islands law. We control our variable interest entities through contractual arrangements and the business and
operations of our variable interest entities are closely integrated with the business and operations of our
subsidiaries. Nonetheless, conﬂicts of interests for these individuals may arise due to dual roles both as directors
and executive officers of the variable interest entities and as directors or employees of our company, and may also
arise due to dual roles both as variable interest entity equity holders and as directors or employees of
our company.
39