transfer or exchange, merger, division or other material event. In the event that a PRC shareholder holding
interests in a special purpose vehicle fails to fulfill the required SAFE registration, the PRC subsidiaries of that
special purpose vehicle may be prohibited from making profit distributions to the offshore parent and from
carrying out subsequent cross-border foreign exchange activities, and the special purpose vehicle may be restricted
in its ability to contribute additional capital into its PRC subsidiary. Furthermore, failure to comply with the
various SAFE registration requirements described above could result in liability under PRC law for evasion of
foreign exchange controls. On February 13, 2015, SAFE released SAFE Circular 13, under which local banks will
examine and handle foreign exchange registration for overseas direct investment, including the initial foreign
exchange registration and amendment registration, from June 1, 2015. However, since the notice came into force
recently, there exist substantial uncertainties with respect to its interpretation and implementation by governmental
authorities and banks.
We have notified substantial beneficial owners of ordinary shares who we know are PRC residents of their
filing obligation, and we have periodically filed SAFE Circular 75 reports prior to the promulgation of SAFE
Circular 37, on behalf of certain employee shareholders whom we know are PRC residents. However, we may not
be aware of the identities of all our beneficial owners who are PRC residents. In addition, we do not have control
over our beneficial owners and cannot assure you that all of our PRC resident beneficial owners will comply with
SAFE Circular 37. The failure of our beneficial owners who are PRC residents to register or amend their SAFE
registrations in a timely manner pursuant to SAFE Circular 37 or the failure of future beneficial owners of our
company who are PRC residents to comply with the registration procedures set forth in SAFE Circular 37 may
subject such beneficial owners or our PRC subsidiaries to fines and legal sanctions. Failure to register or amend
the registration may also limit our ability to contribute additional capital to our PRC subsidiaries or receive
dividends or other distributions from our PRC subsidiaries or other proceeds from disposal of our PRC
subsidiaries, or we may be penalized by SAFE.
Share option rules
Under the Administration Measures on Individual Foreign Exchange Control issued by the PBOC on
December 25, 2006, all foreign exchange matters involved in employee share ownership plans and share option
plans in which PRC citizens participate require approval from SAFE or its authorized branch. Pursuant to SAFE
Circular 37, PRC residents who participate in share incentive plans in overseas non-publicly-listed companies may
submit applications to SAFE or its local branches for the foreign exchange registration with respect to offshore
special purpose companies. In addition, under the Notices on Issues concerning the Foreign Exchange
Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating in Share Incentive Plans of Overseas Publicly-Listed
Companies, or the Share Option Rules, issued by SAFE on February 15, 2012, PRC residents who are granted
shares or share options by companies listed on overseas stock exchanges under share incentive plans are required
to register with SAFE or its local branches, (ii) retain a qualified PRC agent, which may be a PRC subsidiary of
the overseas listed company or another qualified institution selected by the PRC subsidiary, to conduct the SAFE
registration and other procedures with respect to the share incentive plans on behalf of the participants, and
(iii) retain an overseas institution to handle matters in connection with their exercise of share options, purchase
and sale of shares or interests and funds transfers.
Regulation of dividend distribution
The principal laws, rules and regulations governing dividend distribution by foreign-invested enterprises in the
PRC are the Company Law of the PRC, as amended, the Wholly Foreign-owned Enterprise Law and its
implementation regulations and the Chinese-foreign Equity Joint Venture Law and its implementation regulations.
Under these laws, rules and regulations, foreign-invested enterprises may pay dividends only out of their
accumulated profit, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Both PRC
domestic companies and wholly-foreign owned PRC enterprises are required to set aside as general reserves at
least 10% of their after-tax profit, until the cumulative amount of such reserves reaches 50% of their registered
capital. A PRC company is not permitted to distribute any profits until any losses from prior fiscal years have been
offset. Profits retained from prior fiscal years may be distributed together with distributable profits from the
current fiscal year.
99