We primarily generate revenue from the businesses described below:
Revenue Businesses
China Commerce Retail ° Taobao Marketplace — Online shopping destination
° Tmall“) — Brands and retail platform
° Juhuasuan — Flash sale platform
China Commerce Wholesale ° 1688.com — China wholesale marketplace
International Commerce Retail ° AliEXpress — Global consumer marketplace
International Commerce Wholesale ° Alibaba.com — Global wholesale marketplace
Cloud Computing ° Alibaba Cloud — Cloud computing services provider
(1) GMV and revenue of Tmall Global, part of our international retail business, are captured in Tmall.
See “Item 4. Information on the Company — B. Business Overview” for a detailed discussion of our business
and our ecosystem.
Our Monetization Model
The revenue we generate on our retail marketplaces is highly correlated with the number and engagement of
the consumers on our platforms, the myriad value propositions of branding, marketing, promotions, distribution
and productivity enhancements we offer merchants and brands, and our data and technology capabilities. The
revenue we generate on our wholesale marketplaces is largely driven by the number of paying members and the
value of the wholesale marketplaces as a marketing and distribution platform. We primarily derive revenue from
online marketing services, commissions, memberships and cloud computing services. In fiscal year 2016, revenue
from P4P marketing services and display marketing services accounted for 53%, commissions accounted for 27%,
memberships and value-added services accounted for 8%, and cloud computing services accounted for 3%, of our
total revenue, respectively.
The pricing of our marketing services is primarily performance-based or impression-based. Performance-based
marketing uses clicks or transactions as the measurement unit for performance. Impression-based marketing uses
the number of impressions delivered to the user. The pricing of our marketing services is typically set by market-
based bidding systems so that each marketer determines the price it is willing to pay for the services.
Marketers’ willingness to pay and the amount they are willing to pay for our online marketing services is a
function of the marketers’ expected return on investment, which generally depends on the following factors:
0 if our platform serves as a sales and distribution channel for products: the sales volume, profits and
inventory turnover expected to be generated on our platform;
° if our platform serves as a customer acquisition and retention channel: the expected online and ofﬂine
lifetime value of customers acquired from our platform; and
0 if our platform serves as a brand building and brand engagement platform: the awareness reach, and brand
association, measured both online and offline, achieved as a result of the marketing.
China Commerce Retail. We generate revenue from our China retail marketplaces primarily through the
monetization models described below. In fiscal year 2016, 75% of GMV on our China retail marketplaces was
settled through Alipay. In fiscal year 2016, we generated 65% and 32% of our China commerce retail revenue
from online marketing services and commissions, respectively.
108