businesses of our other PRC subsidiaries — including PRC subsidiaries of our significant subsidiaries — are
generally software development, technical services and consulting, which fall into the encouraged or permitted
category. Industries such as value-added telecommunication services, including Internet information services, are
generally restricted to foreign investment pursuant to the latest Catalogue. We conduct business operations that are
restricted or prohibited to foreign investment through our variable interest entities.
In January 2015, the MOFCOM published a discussion draft of the proposed Foreign Investment Law, which
embodies an expected PRC regulatory trend to rationalize its foreign investment regulatory regime in line with
prevailing international practice and the legislative efforts to unify the corporate legal requirements for both
foreign and domestic investments. The MOFCOM has solicited comments on this draft and substantial
uncertainties exist with respect to its enactment timetable, the final version, interpretation and implementation. For
more details, see “Item 3. Key Information — Risks Related to our Corporate Structure — Substantial
uncertainties exist with respect to the enactment timetable, interpretation and implementation of draft PRC
Foreign Investment Law.”
Regulation of Telecommunications and Internet Information Services
Regulation of Telecommunication Services
Under the Telecommunications Regulations of the PRC, or the Telecommunications Regulations, promulgated
on September 25, 2000 by the State Council of the PRC and most recently amended in February 2016, a
telecommunication services provider in China must obtain an operating license from the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology, or the MIIT; or its provincial counterparts. The Telecommunications Regulations
categorize all telecommunication services in China as either basic telecommunications services or value-added
telecommunications services. Our online and mobile commerce businesses, as well as Youku Tudou’s online video
businesses, are classified as value-added telecommunications services.
Foreign investment in telecommunications businesses is governed by the State Council’s Administrative Rules
for Foreign Investments in Telecommunications Enterprises, or the Foreign Investment Telecommunications Rules,
issued by the State Council on December 11, 2001 and most recently amended in February 2016, under which a
foreign investor’s beneficial equity ownership in an entity providing value-added telecommunications services in
China is not permitted to exceed 50%. In addition, for a foreign investor to acquire any equity interest in a
business providing value-added telecommunications services in China, it must demonstrate a positive track record
and experience in providing such services. However, according to the Notice on Lifting the Restriction to Foreign
Shareholding Percentage in Online Data Processing and Transaction Processing Business (Operational
E-commerce) promulgated by the MIIT on June 19, 2015, foreign investors are allowed to hold up to 100% of all
equity interest in the online data processing and transaction processing business (operational e-commerce) in
China, while other requirements provided by the Foreign Investment Telecommunications Rules shall still apply. It
is unclear how this notice will be implemented and there exist high uncertainties with respect to its interpretation
and implementation by authorities. The MIIT’s Notice Regarding Strengthening Administration of Foreign
Investment in Operating Value-Added Telecommunication Businesses, or the MIIT Notice, issued on July 13, 2006
prohibits holders of these services licenses from leasing, transferring or selling their licenses in any form, or
providing any resource, sites or facilities, to any foreign investors intending to conduct such businesses in China.
In addition to restricting dealings with foreign investors, the MIIT Notice contains a number of detailed
requirements applicable to holders of value-added telecommunications services licenses, including that license
holders or their shareholders must directly own the domain names and trademarks used in their daily operations
and each license holder must possess the necessary facilities for its approved business operations and maintain such
facilities in the regions covered by its license, including maintaining its network and providing Internet security in
accordance with the relevant regulatory standards. The MIIT or its provincial counterpart has the power to require
corrective actions after it discovers any non-compliance of the license holders, and where such license holders fail
to take such steps, the MIIT or its provincial counterpart has the power to revoke the value-added
telecommunications services licenses.
85