equity interest in Shiji for a total cash consideration of RMB2,389 million. Our investment in and strategic alliance
with Shiji enhances the customer experience in our online travel business, Alitrip, as the alliance improves our
capability to integrate real time information, such as rooms availability and special promotional offers, from
participating hotels on the Alitrip platform.
AGTech Holdings Limited, or AGTech, an integrated lottery technology and services company in China that is
listed on the Hong Kong Growth Enterprise Market. In March 2016, we and Ant Financial Services agreed to
subscribe for newly issued ordinary shares and convertible bonds of AGTech for a total investment amount of
HK$2,388 million, of which our total commitment is HK$1,433 million. Upon the completion of the transaction,
AGTech will become our consolidated subsidiary. The completion of this transaction is subject to a number of
customary closing conditions including the approval by shareholders of AGTech and certain regulatory authorities.
We intend that AGTech will be our vehicle for participating in the lottery business in China.
2014 Restructuring of Our Relationship with Ant Financial Services and Alipay
On August 12, 2014, we entered into a share and asset purchase agreement, or the 2014 SAPA, and entered
into or amended certain ancillary agreements including an amendment and restatement of the Alipay IPLA.
Pursuant to these agreements, we restructured our relationships with Ant Financial Services and Alipay, its wholly—
owned subsidiary, and terminated the 2011 framework agreement.
Pursuant to the 2014 SAPA, we sold the SME loan business and related services to Ant Financial Services for
an aggregate cash consideration of RMB3,219 million. In calendar years 2015 to 2017, we will receive an annual
fee equal to 2.5% of the average daily book balance of the SME loans. In calendar years 2018 to 2021, we will
receive an annual fee equal to the amount paid for the calendar year 2017, or collectively the SME annual fee.
In connection with the 2014 SAPA, we also entered into an amended intellectual property license agreement
with Alipay, or amended Alipay IPLA, pursuant to which we license certain intellectual property and provide
certain software technology services to Alipay and the SME loan business. Under the amended Alipay IPLA, we
receive royalty streams and a service fee, or collectively the profit share payments, paid at least annually,
amounting to the sum of an expense reimbursement plus 37.5% of the consolidated pre-tax income of Ant
Financial Services, subject to certain adjustments.
Pursuant to the terms of the 2014 SAPA, in the event of an initial public offering of Ant Financial Services or
Alipay at an implied equity value exceeding US$25 billion which results in gross proceeds of at least US$20 billion
(a “Qualified IPO”), if our total ownership of equity interests in Ant Financial Services has not reached 33%, we
would be entitled at our election to either receive a one-time payment equal to 37 .5% of the equity value of Ant
Financial Services as determined immediately prior to such Qualified IPO. There is no cap on the maximum value
of such liquidity event payment. If we acquire equity interests in Ant Financial Services in an aggregate amount
less than 33%, the percentage of Ant Financial Services’ equity value used to calculate such liquidity event
payment will be reduced proportionately.
In lieu of receiving such liquidity event payment, we may elect to continue to receive the profit share payment
in perpetuity, subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals. In connection with a Qualified IPO and if we so elect,
Ant Financial Services must use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the required approvals for continued
payments under the amended Alipay IPLA. If such approvals are not obtained, Ant Financial Services will pay the
liquidity event payment as described above to us.
The 2014 SAPA provides for future potential equity issuances to us by Ant Financial Services. In the event
that Ant Financial Services applies for and receives certain PRC regulatory approvals in the future, Ant Financial
Services will issue and we will purchase newly issued equity interests in Ant Financial Services up to a 33% equity
interest, or such lesser equity interest as may be permitted by the regulatory approvals. If the liquidity event
payment described above has not become payable upon a Qualified IPO of Ant Financial Services, our right to
acquire equity interests up to the full 33% equity interest will continue after such Qualified IPO. However, the
maximum equity interest that we are entitled to acquire will be reduced in proportion to any dilutive equity
issuances by Ant Financial Services in and following such Qualified IPO. If we acquire an equity interest in Ant
Financial Services pursuant to this arrangement which is below 33%, the liquidity event payment amount and the
121