based awards. This agreement has a term of three years and will be automatically renewed for another three years,
unless otherwise terminated by written agreement among the parties or unilaterally by Ant Financial Services if it
is required under applicable laws (including any regulatory requirements applicable to a public offer of Ant
Financial Services’ shares) to terminate the agreement.
Transactions with Alibaba Pictures
In June 2014, as part of our entertainment media strategy, we completed an investment of HK$6,244 million
(RMB4,955 million) in newly issued ordinary shares representing approximately 60% of the issued share capital of
Alibaba Pictures. In addition, in June 2015, Alibaba Pictures placed newly issued ordinary shares to unrelated
third-party investors for aggregate proceeds of approximately HK$12,179 million (RMB9,647 million). Our equity
interest in Alibaba Pictures was therefore diluted to 49.5% upon completion of this transaction. In December 2015,
Alibaba Pictures completed its purchase of our online movie ticketing business and movie and TV series financing
platform for a cash consideration of US$350 million (RMB2,259 million) plus certain reimbursement amounts.
Transactions with Alibaba Health
In April 2014, through a holding company jointly held with a Yunfeng Fund, we acquired newly issued
ordinary shares representing an effective equity interest of approximately 38% in Alibaba Health. The Yunfeng
Fund acquired an effective equity interest of approximately 16% in this investment. See “— Relationship with
Investment Funds Affiliated with Our Executive Chairman” below. We paid a purchase price of HK$932 million
upon the closing of the transaction. In April 2015, we entered into an agreement pursuant to which we agreed to
transfer the operations of Tmall’s online pharmacy business to Alibaba Health in consideration for newly issued
shares and convertible bonds of Alibaba Health. In July 2015, pursuant to an agreement with the Yunfeng Fund,
we obtained control over the holding company that holds approximately 54% of the equity interests in Alibaba
Health (including the 38% effective equity interest we own), and as a result, Alibaba Health became our
consolidated subsidiary. Our proposed transaction with Alibaba Health was not completed before its expiration
date in March 2016 and therefore lapsed. In April 2016, we and Alibaba Health entered into a services agreement
pursuant to which Alibaba Health will provide outsourced services in relation to product categories related to
Tmall’s online pharmacy business.
Transaction with Entity Afﬁliated with Our Directors and Ofﬁcers
Jack Ma, our executive chairman, Joe Tsai, our executive vice chairman, and J. Michael Evans, our president,
have purchased their own aircraft for both business and personal use. The use of the above-mentioned executive
officers’ own aircraft in connection with the performance of their duties as our employees is free of charge to us,
and we have agreed to assume the cost of maintenance, crew and operation of the aircraft where such cost is
allocated for business purposes.
Relationship with Investment Funds Afﬁliated with Our Executive Chairman
Jack Ma currently has an approximately 40% interest, held directly and/or indirectly, in the general partners of
each of four Yunfeng Capital-sponsored investment funds in which he is entitled to receive a portion of carried
interest proceeds, namely, Yunfeng Fund, L.P., Shanghai Yunfeng Equity Investment (Limited Partnership),
Shanghai Yunfeng New Innovation Enterprise Equity Investment (Limited Partnership) and Smart System
Investment Fund, L.P. Jack Ma also currently has an approximately 26.7% indirect interest in the general partner
of Yunfeng Fund 11, LP. and KHL, L.P., each of which is also a Yunfeng Capital-sponsored investment fund in
which he is also entitled to receive a portion of carried interest proceeds. Of the six Yunfeng Capital-sponsored
funds in respect of which Jack Ma holds an interest in the general partner entities thereof and is entitled to
receive carried interest proceeds, two are US. dollar denominated funds, or the US. Dollar Funds, two are RMB
denominated funds, or the RMB Funds, one is a co-investment fund of one of the US. Dollar Funds and one is a
parallel fund of one of the US. Dollar Funds. We refer to these funds collectively as the Yunfeng Funds. Jack Ma
also currently has a 40% interest in each of Yunfeng Capital Limited, Shanghai Yunfeng Investment Management
Co., Ltd. and Shanghai Yunfeng New Innovation Investment Management Co., Ltd., which are the investment
183