ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
4. Signiﬁcant equity transactions, restructuring transactions, mergers and acquisitions and equity investments
(Continued)
(11) Investment in Koubei Holding Limited (“Koubei”)
In June 2015, the Company and Ant Financial Services agreed to set up Koubei, a joint venture in which the
Company and Ant Financial Services each hold a 49.6% equity interest, while an unrelated third party
affiliated with a major Chinese restaurant chain holds the remaining minority equity interest. Koubei
integrates the convenience aspects of mobile commerce and big data to provide consumers with information
and promotional benefits from local restaurants in the PRC.
The capital injection from the Company includes cash of RMB3.0 billion as well as the injection of certain
related businesses. The cash and businesses injection were completed as of March 31, 2016. A gain of
RMB128 million which approximated the fair value of the businesses being injected, was recognized in relation
to the contribution of the businesses of which the carrying amount was insignificant to Koubei in interest and
investment income, net in the consolidated income statement for the year ended March 31, 2016. For
accounting purposes, the investment in Koubei is accounted for under the equity method (Note 14).
(0) Investment in YTO Express (Logistics) Co., Ltd. (“YTO Express”)
In May 2015, the Company made a contribution to the registered capital representing an ownership interest of
12% in YTO Express. YTO Express is one of the leading express courier companies in the PRC. YTO
Express is one of the strategic express courier companies participating in the data system of Cainiao Network
to fulfill orders from the Company’s core commerce business. The cash consideration of RMB1,500 million
was paid upon the closing of the transaction. Yunfeng Capital is also a co-investor of YTO Express. Such
investment is accounted for under the cost method (Note 14).
During the year ended March 31, 2016, a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange filed an application
to purchase all of the equity interest in YTO Express through an asset swap and share issue, resulting in a
reverse takeover of the company by YT 0 Express. The completion of the reverse takeover is subject to the
approval by certain regulatory authorities.
(p) Investment in wealth management products in relation to a founder’s investment in Wasu Media
Holding Co., Ltd. (“Wasu”)
In April 2015, the Company entered into an arrangement with a bank in the PRC to invest in wealth
management products with an aggregate principal amount of RMB7.3 billion. The wealth management
products carry an interest rate of 5% per annum, with a maturity of five years and the return of principal and
interest income on the products is guaranteed by the bank. The wealth management products have been
served as collateral to the issuing bank for the issuance of a financing amounting to RMB6.9 billion to one of
the founders of the Company to support his minority investment through a PRC limited partnership in Wasu,
a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange which is engaged in the business of digital media
broadcasting and distribution in the PRC. The financing has also been collateralized by the equity interests of
Wasu held by such PRC limited partnership. The founder has also pledged his interest in the PRC limited
partnership to the Company. The founder is exposed to the risks and rewards of the Wasu shares held by the
PRC limited partnership. The Company does not have the power to direct the activities of the PRC limited
partnership. The Company entered into strategic cooperation agreements with a major shareholder of Wasu in
order to enhance the Company’s capabilities and profile in the entertainment sector in the PRC. Such
investment in the wealth management products is accounted for as a held-to-maturity security (Note 12).
F-49