measures may not always be successful. We have been and may continue to be subject to allegations of civil or
criminal liability based on allegedly unlawful activities carried out by third parties through our online marketplaces.
We also have been and may continue to be subject to allegations that we were participants in or facilitators of such
allegedly unlawful activities. For example, in May 2015 we were named as a defendant in a lawsuit filed in the
Southern District of New York by Kering SA and other plaintiffs, which asserts various claims based on, among
other things, the sales of allegedly counterfeit or otherwise trademark infringing merchandise by merchants on
certain of our marketplaces. We have acquired certain companies, such as Youku Tudou and a controlling stake in
Lazada, and may continue to acquire other companies that are or may be subject to allegations and lawsuits
regarding infringement of third—party intellectual property or other rights.
When we receive complaints or allegations regarding infringement or counterfeit goods, we follow procedures
we have developed to verify the nature of the complaint and the relevant facts. We believe these procedures are
important for purposes of investigating the allegations in question so that we can ensure confidence in our
marketplace among consumers and merchants; however, these procedures could result in delays in delistings of
allegedly infringing product listings. In the event that alleged counterfeit or infringing products are listed or sold
on our marketplaces or our other services, we could face claims relating to such listings or sales or for our alleged
failure to act in a timely or effective manner in response to infringement or to otherwise restrict or limit such sales
or infringement.
We may implement further measures in an effort to strengthen our protection against these potential liabilities
that could require us to spend substantial additional resources and/or experience reduced revenues. In addition,
these changes may reduce the attractiveness of our marketplaces and other services to consumers, merchants and
other participants. A customer whose content is removed or whose services are suspended or terminated by us,
regardless of our compliance with the applicable laws, rules and regulations, may dispute our actions and
commence action against us for damages based on breach of contract or other causes of action, make public
complaints or allegations or organize group protests and publicity campaigns against us. Any costs incurred as a
result of liability or asserted liability relating to the sale of unlawful goods or other infringement could harm our
business. Moreover, we have received in the past, and may continue to receive in the future, negative publicity
regarding the sales of counterfeit and pirated items on our marketplaces. Each year, in its annual Special
301 Report or Special 301 Out-of-Cycle Review Report, the Office of the US. Trade Representative, or UST R,
identifies “notorious markets” that reportedly engage in and facilitate substantial copyright piracy and trademark
counterfeiting. In 2008, 2009 and 2010, Alibaba.com, and in 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011, Taobao Marketplace, were
named as notorious markets. The UST R subsequently removed these marketplaces from its list. However, there is
no assurance that the UST R will not identify these marketplaces or our other businesses as notorious markets in
the future. In its December 2015 Out-of-Cycle Review, the USTR expressed concern about our procedures, citing
complaints by rights holders. The UST R did not name any of our marketplaces as notorious markets, but
encouraged us to continue to enhance cooperation with rights holders to address concerns.
In January 2015, the State Administration for Industry and Commerce in China, or SAIC, released a report
stating that Taobao Marketplace had the highest percentage of counterfeit goods among the online marketplaces
that it surveyed. Subsequently, in the same month, the SAIC released a self-described “white paper” discussing
perceived failures of our platforms, including an alleged failure to crack down on the sale of counterfeit goods and
other alleged illegal activities on our China retail marketplaces. Although the SAIC withdrew the so-called “white
paper” the same day it was released, and later clarified that the document carried no legal force, continued public
perception that counterfeit or pirated items are commonplace on our marketplaces or that we delay the process of
removing such items, even if factually incorrect, could damage our reputation with consumers, harm our business,
result in litigation and regulatory pressure or action against us and diminish the value of our brand name.
22