to the fourth calendar quarter, promotions, such as Singles Day on November 11 of each year and the impact of
seasonal buying patterns in respect of certain categories such as apparel. We have also experienced lower levels of
revenues in the first calendar quarter of each year due to a lower level of allocation of online marketing budgets
by merchants at the beginning of the calendar year and the Chinese New Year holiday, during which time
consumers generally spend less and businesses in China are generally closed. In addition, seasonal weather patterns
may affect the timing of buying decisions. For example, unexpectedly long periods of warm weather could delay the
purchase of heavier clothing items that have higher average selling prices. Moreover, as our business grows, we
expect that our fixed costs and expenses, such as payroll and benefits, bandwidth and co-location fees, will continue
to increase, which will result in operating leverage in seasonally strong quarters but can significantly pressure
operating margins in seasonally weak quarters.
Regulation
We operate in an increasingly complex legal and regulatory environment. We and our key service provider,
Ant Financial Services, are subject to a variety of PRC and foreign laws, rules and regulations across a number of
aspects of our business. This section summarizes the principal PRC laws, rules and regulations relevant to our
business and operations. Areas in which we are subject to laws, rules and regulations outside of the PRC include
data protection and privacy, consumer protection, content regulation, intellectual property, competition,
cross-border trade, taxation, anti-money laundering and anti-corruption. See “Item 3. Key Information — D. Risk
Factors — Risks Related to Our Business and Industry — We and Ant Financial Services are subject to a broad
range of laws and regulations, and future laws and regulations may impose additional requirements and other
obligations on our business or otherwise that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations.”
Our online and mobile commerce businesses are classified as value-added telecommunication businesses by
the PRC government. Current PRC laws, rules and regulations generally restrict foreign ownership in value-added
telecommunication services. As a result, we operate our online and mobile commerce businesses and other
businesses in which foreign investment is restricted or prohibited through variable interest entities, each of which is
owned by PRC citizens or by PRC entities owned by PRC citizens, and holds all licenses associated with these
businesses.
The applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations governing value—added telecommunication services may change
in the future. We may be required to obtain additional approvals, licenses and permits and to comply with any new
regulatory requirements adopted from time to time. Moreover, substantial uncertainties exist with respect to the
interpretation and implementation of these PRC laws, rules and regulations. See “Item 3. Key Information —
D. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s Republic of China — There are uncertainties
regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations.”
Regulation of Foreign Investment
The Guidance Catalogue of Industries for Foreign Investment, or the Catalogue, the latest version of which
came into effect on April 10, 2015, was promulgated and recently amended by the MOFCOM and the National
Development and Reform Commission and governs investment activities in the PRC by foreign investors. The
Catalogue divides industries into three categories — “encouraged,” “restricted,” and “prohibited” for foreign
investment. Industries not listed in the Catalogue are generally deemed as falling into a fourth category,
“permitted.” However, industries such as value-added telecommunication services, including Internet information
services, are restricted from foreign investment. Among our significant subsidiaries, Taobao (China)
Software Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd. are registered in China and mainly engaged in
software development, technical services and consultations, which fall into the encouraged or permitted category
under the latest Catalogue. These two significant subsidiaries have obtained all material approvals required for
their business operations. The Catalogue does not apply to our significant subsidiaries that are registered and
domiciled in Hong Kong, the British Virgin Islands or the Cayman Islands, and operate outside China. The
84