Internet security in China is also regulated and restricted from a national security standpoint. On July 1, 2015,
the National People’s Congress Standing Committee promulgated the New National Security Law which took effect
on the same date replaced the former National Security Law promulgated in 1993. According to the New National
Security Law, the state shall ensure that the information system and data in important areas are secure and
controllable. In addition, according to the New National Security Law, the state shall establish national security
review and supervision institutions and mechanisms, and conduct national security reviews of key technologies and
IT products and services that affect or may affect national security. There are uncertainties on how the
New National Security Law will be implemented in practice.
Regulation of Privacy Protection
Under the ICP Measures, ICPs are prohibited from producing, copying, publishing or distributing information
that is humiliating or defamatory to others or that infringes upon the lawful rights and interests of others.
Depending on the nature of the violation, ICPs may face criminal charges or sanctions by PRC security authorities
for such acts, and may be ordered to suspend temporarily their services or have their licenses revoked.
Under the Several Provisions on Regulating the Market Order of Internet Information Services, issued by the
MIIT on December 29, 2011, ICPs are also prohibited from collecting any user personal information or providing
any such information to third parties without the consent of a user. ICPs must expressly inform the users of the
method, content and purpose of the collection and processing of such user personal information and may only
collect such information necessary for its services. ICPs are also required to properly maintain the user personal
information, and in case of any leak or likely leak of the user personal information, ICPs must take remedial
measures immediately and report any material leak to the telecommunications regulatory authority.
In addition, the Decision on Strengthening Network Information Protection promulgated by the Standing
Committee of the National People’s Congress on December 28, 2012 emphasizes the need to protect electronic
information that contains individual identification information and other private data. The decision requires ICPs
to establish and publish policies regarding the collection and use of personal electronic information and to take
necessary measures to ensure the security of the information and to prevent leakage, damage or loss. Furthermore,
MIIT’s Rules on Protection of Personal Information of Telecommunications and Internet Users promulgated on
July 16, 2013 contain detailed requirements on the use and collection of personal information as well as the
security measures to be taken by ICPs.
The PRC government retains the power and authority to order ICPs to provide an Internet user’s personal
information if such user posts any prohibited content or engages in any illegal activities through the Internet.
Regulation of Consumer Protection
Our online and mobile commerce business is subject to a variety of consumer protection laws, including the
PRC Consumer Rights and Interests Protection Law, as amended and effective as of March 15, 2014, and the
Administrative Measures for Online Trading, both of which have provided stringent requirements and obligations
on business operators, including Internet business operators and platform service providers like us. For example,
consumers are entitled to return goods purchased online, subject to certain exceptions, within seven days upon
receipt of such goods for no reason. To ensure that merchants and service providers comply with these laws and
regulations, we, as platform operators, are required to implement rules governing transactions on our platform,
monitor the information posted by merchants and service providers, and report any violations by such merchants or
service providers to the relevant authorities. In addition, online marketplace platform providers may, pursuant to
PRC consumer protection laws, be exposed to liabilities if the lawful rights and interests of consumers are
infringed in connection with consumers’ purchase of goods or acceptance of services on online marketplace
platforms and the platform service providers fail to provide consumers with the contact information of the
merchant or manufacturer. In addition, platform service providers may be jointly and severally liable with
merchants and manufacturers if they are aware or should be aware that the merchant or manufacturer is using the
92