We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights.
We rely on a combination of trademark, fair trade practice, patent, copyright and trade secret protection laws
in China and other jurisdictions, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions, to protect our
intellectual property rights. We also enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees and any third parties
who may access our proprietary information, and we rigorously control access to our proprietary technology and
information.
Intellectual property protection may not be sufficient in China or other countries in which we operate.
Confidentiality agreements may be breached by counterparties, and there may not be adequate remedies available
to us for these breaches. Accordingly, we may not be able to effectively protect our intellectual property rights or
to enforce our contractual rights in China or elsewhere. In addition, policing any unauthorized use of our
intellectual property is difficult, time-consuming and costly and the steps we have taken may be inadequate to
prevent the misappropriation of our intellectual property. In the event that we resort to litigation to enforce our
intellectual property rights, the litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our managerial and
financial resources. We can provide no assurance that we will prevail in such litigation. In addition, our trade
secrets may be leaked or otherwise become available to, or be independently discovered by, our competitors. Any
failure in protecting or enforcing our intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.
We may be subject to claims under consumer protection laws, including health and safety claims and product liability
claims, if property or people are harmed by the products and services sold on our marketplaces.
Due to several high-profile incidents involving food safety and consumer complaints that have occurred in
China in recent years, the PRC government, media outlets and public advocacy groups are increasingly focused on
consumer protection. Moreover, as part of our growth strategy, we expect to increase our focus on food, food
supplements and beverages, mother care, baby care and healthcare products and services, and electronics products,
and have also invested in companies involved in these sectors, which could expose us to increasing liability
associated with consumer protection laws in those areas. Operators of commerce marketplaces and platforms are
subject to certain provisions of consumer protection laws even where the operator is not the merchant of the
product or service purchased by the consumer. For example, under applicable consumer protection laws in China,
e-commerce platform operators may be held liable for consumer claims relating to damage if they are unable to
provide consumers with the true name, address and contact details of merchants or service providers. In addition,
if we do not take appropriate remedial action against merchants or service providers for actions they engage in
that we know, or should have known, would infringe upon the rights and interests of consumers, we may be held
jointly liable with the merchant or service provider for such infringement. Moreover, applicable consumer
protection laws in China hold that trading platforms will be held liable for failing to meet any undertakings that
the platforms make to consumers with regard to products listed on their websites. Furthermore, we are required to
report to SAIC or its local branches any violation of applicable laws, regulations or SAIC rules by merchants or
service providers, such as sales of goods without proper license or authorization, and to take appropriate remedial
measures, including ceasing to provide services to the relevant merchants or service providers. We may also be held
jointly liable with merchants who do not possess the proper licenses or authorizations to sell goods or sell goods
that do not meet product standards. In addition, we are facing increasing levels of activist litigation in China by
plaintiffs claiming damages based on consumer protection laws. This type of activist litigation could increase in the
future, and if it does, we could face increased costs defending such suits and damages should we not prevail, which
could materially and adversely affect our reputation and brand and our results of operations. As our business
expands outside of China, we may also face increasing scrutiny from consumer protection regulators in the
United States, Europe and other jurisdictions. If claims are brought against us under any of these laws, we could
be subject to damages and reputational damage as well as action by regulators, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We do not maintain product liability
insurance for products and services transacted on our marketplaces, and our rights of indemnity from the
merchants on our marketplaces may not adequately cover us for any liability we may incur. Even unsuccessful
29