0 having the power to exert decisive inﬂuence, via contractual or trust arrangements, over the subject entity’s
operations, financial, staffing and technology matters.
Once an entity is determined to be an FIE, and its investment amount exceeds certain thresholds or its business
operation falls within a “negative list” purported to be separately issued by the State Council in the future, market
entry clearance by the MOFCOM or its local counterparts would be required.
The “variable interest entity” structure, or VIE structure, has been adopted by many PRC-based companies,
including us and certain of our equity investees such as Weibo, to obtain necessary licenses and permits in the
industries that are currently subject to foreign investment restrictions in China. Under the draft Foreign Investment
Law, variable interest entities that are controlled via contractual arrangements would also be deemed as FIEs, if
they are ultimately “controlled” by foreign investors. For any companies with a VIE structure in an industry
category that is in the “restriction category” on the “negative list,” the existing VIE structure may be deemed
legitimate only if the ultimate controlling person(s) is/are of PRC nationality (either PRC state owned enterprises
or agencies, or PRC citizens). Conversely, if the actual controlling person(s) is/are of foreign nationalities, then the
variable interest entities will be treated as FIEs and any operation in the industry category on the “negative list”
without market entry clearance may be considered as illegal.
Based on the definition of “control” in the draft Foreign Investment Law as currently proposed, we believe
that there are strong basis for a determination that we and our variable interest entities are ultimately controlled
by PRC citizens for the following reasons:
0 Alibaba Partnership has an exclusive right to nominate and appoint up to a simple majority of the members
of our board of directors and therefore effectively controls the board and all management decisions of
our company;
0 nearly all of the partners of Alibaba Partnership are PRC citizens; and
0 Alibaba Partnership exercises its nomination rights by a majority of votes of all its partners.
See “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees — A. Directors and Senior Management —
Alibaba Partnership.”
However, there are significant uncertainties as to how the control status of our company, our variable interest
entities and our equity investees with a VIE structure would be determined under the enacted version of the
Foreign Investment Law. In addition, it is uncertain whether any of the businesses that we currently operate or
plan to operate in the future through our consolidated entities and the businesses operated by our equity investees
with a VIE structure would be on the to-be-issued “negative list” and therefore be subject to any foreign
investment restrictions or prohibitions. We also face uncertainties as to whether the enacted version of the Foreign
Investment Law and the final “negative list” would mandate further actions, such as MOFCOM market entry
clearance, to be completed by companies with existing VIE structure and whether such clearance can be timely
obtained, or at all. If we or our equity investees with a VIE structure were not considered as ultimately controlled
by PRC domestic investors under the enacted version of the Foreign Investment Law, further actions required to
be taken by us or such equity investees under the enacted Foreign Investment Law may materially and adversely
affect our business and financial condition.
In addition, our corporate governance practice may be materially impacted and our compliance costs could
increase if we were not considered as ultimately controlled by PRC domestic investors under the enacted version of
the Foreign Investment Law. For instance, the draft Foreign Investment Law as proposed purports to impose
stringent ad hoc and periodic information reporting requirements on foreign investors and the applicable FIEs.
Aside from investment implementation report and investment amendment report that would be required for each
investment and alteration of investment specifics, an annual report would be mandatory, and large foreign investors
meeting certain criteria would be required to report on a quarterly basis. Any company found to be non-compliant
with these information reporting obligations could potentially be subject to fines and/or administrative or criminal
liabilities, and the persons directly responsible could be subject to criminal liabilities.
37