ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
(t) Investment in equity investees (Continued)
share of the results of such equity investees on a one quarter in arrears basis. The excess of the carrying
amount of the investment over the underlying equity in net assets of the equity investee represents goodwill
and intangible assets acquired. When the Company’s share of losses in the equity investee equals or exceeds
its interest in the equity investee, the Company does not recognize further losses, unless the Company has
incurred obligations or made payments or guarantees on behalf of the equity investee.
Under the cost method, the Company carries the investment at cost and recognizes income to the extent of
dividends received from the distribution of the equity investee’s post-acquisition profits.
(u) Property and equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization less any provision
required for impairment in value. Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-line method
with no residual value based on the estimated useful lives of the various classes of assets, which range
as follows:
Computer equipment and software 3 - 5 years
Furniture, office and transportation equipment 3 - 5 years
Buildings 20 - 50 years
Leasehold improvements shorter of remaining lease period or estimated useful life
Construction in progress represents buildings and related premises under construction, which is stated at
actual construction cost less any impairment loss. Construction in progress is transferred to the respective
category of property and equipment when completed and ready for its intended use.
Costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred and asset improvements are capitalized. The cost
and related accumulated depreciation and amortization of assets disposed of or retired are removed from the
accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is reﬂected in the consolidated income statements.
(v) Land use rights
Land use rights represent lease prepayments to the local Bureau of Land and Resources. Land use rights are
carried at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment losses. Amortization is provided to write off the
cost of lease prepayments on a straight-line basis over the period of the right which is 40 - 70 years.
(w) Intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired through business acquisitions are recognized as assets separate from goodwill if they
satisfy either the “contractual-legal” or “separability” criterion. Purchased intangible assets and intangible
assets arising from the acquisitions of subsidiaries and VIE subsidiaries are recognized and measured at fair
F-27