report and accordingly an EIT rate of 15% is used for the accounting of taxation during such periods. Key
Software Enterprise status is subject to review by the relevant authorities every two years and the timing of annual
review and notification by the relevant authorities may vary from year to year. The related tax adjustments in
relation to the change in applicable EIT rate will be accounted for in the period prospectively in which Key
Software Enterprise status is recognized.
WIT and Other Levies
Our major PRC subsidiaries are subject to VAT on revenue earned for most services under a national VAT
reform program. In general, the applicable VAT rate on the revenue earned for services is 6% with companies
entitled to credit VAT paid on certain purchases against VAT on sales. Revenue is recognized net of VAT in our
consolidated income statement.
PRC Withholding Tax
Pursuant to the EIT Law, a 10% withholding taxis generally levied on dividends declared by companies in
China to their non—resident enterprise investors. A lower withholding tax rate of 5% is applicable for direct foreign
investors incorporated in Hong Kong with at least a 25% equity interest in the PRC company and who meet the
relevant conditions or requirements pursuant to the taX arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong. As the
equity holders of our major subsidiaries in China are qualified Hong Kong incorporated companies, our deferred
tax liabilities for distributable earnings are calculated based on a 5% withholding taX. As of March 31, 2016, we
have fully accrued the withholding tax on the earnings distributable by all of our subsidiaries in China, except for
those being reserved for permanent reinvestment in China of RMB13.6 billion (US$21 billion).
Share-based Compensation
We have various equity incentive plans pursuant to which the employees, consultants and directors of our
company, our affiliates and certain other companies are granted options or awarded RSUs to acquire our ordinary
shares. We believe share-based awards are vital to attract, incentivize and retain our employees and consultants. In
addition to on-hire grants for new recruits above a specific job level, we also make performance and promotion
grants on an annual basis to our top performing employees. RSUs and share options granted in the above
categories are generally subject to a four-year vesting schedule. Depending on the nature and the purpose of the
grant, share options and RSUs generally vest 25% upon the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date or
50% upon the second anniversary of the vesting commencement date, and thereafter 25% every year. Starting in
fiscal year 2015, RSUs and share options granted to our senior management members as performance grants were
subject to a six-year pro rata vesting schedule. We believe share-based awards are the appropriate tool to align the
interests of the grantees with those of our shareholders.
In addition, Junhan, a major equity holder of Ant Financial Services, granted certain share-based awards
similar to share appreciation awards linked to the valuation of Ant Financial Services to a significant number of
our employees. These share-based awards have vesting schedules that are conditioned upon the fulfillment of
requisite services to us, and such awards will be settled in cash by Junhan upon disposal by our employees. We
have no obligation to reimburse Junhan, Ant Financial Services or its subsidiaries for the cost associated with these
awards. See “Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions — B. Related Party Transaction —
Agreements and Transactions Related to Ant Financial Services and its Subsidiaries — Equity-based Award
Arrangements.”
115