° expanding service offerings to consumers beyond physical goods, including digital entertainment, healthcare
and local services;
° enhancing the success of merchants, brands and other businesses on our platforms with data-driven
marketing services, integrated online and ofﬂine distribution channels, and world-class technology;
0 extending our mobile leadership through development of market-leading mobile apps with hundreds of
millions of users;
0 applying data and cloud computing technologies in everything we do for our customers and for
ourselves; and
° continuing to be an innovator in products and technology as well as a disrupter of business models and
existing industry value chains.
Our long-term strategic goal is to serve two billion consumers around the world and support ten million
businesses to operate profitably. We have embarked on three key initiatives to achieve this strategic goal:
globalization, rural expansion and big data/cloud computing.
Globalization
Cross-border commerce is the focus of our globalization initiative. We aim to address each of the three-pillars
of cross-border commerce as follows:
° From the world to China. Our China retail marketplaces provide the gateway for international brands,
retailers and small businesses to gain access to Chinese consumers. Through T mall Global, overseas brands
and retailers can reach Chinese consumers without the need for physical operations in China. Taobao
Global further facilitates cross-border commerce by helping Taobao merchants to engage Chinese consumers
with a rich variety of global products that they have sourced from suppliers outside of China.
° From China to the world. Through our Alibaba.com wholesale marketplace, we facilitate global trade by
connecting Chinese suppliers to importers, wholesalers and distributors across the world. On the retail front,
AliExpress enables consumers worldwide to buy directly from manufacturers and distributors in China.
0 From the world to the world. Our long-term vision is to build a global commerce platform that is a virtual,
borderless economy, which we refer to as the World e-Trade Platform, or eWTP. Through the power of the
Internet, eWT P aims to eliminate barriers to commerce, promote free trade and help businesses and
consumers everywhere participate in cross-border trade. To that end, we are investing in international talent
and infrastructure, and expanding our presence in key markets around the world to attract and serve
international customers.
Rural Expansion
Over 600 million people in China reside in rural areas, according to the National Bureau of Statistics of China
as of December 31, 2015. Their access to goods and services is highly constrained by geographic and infrastructural
limitations. We aim to give rural residents greater access to a broader variety of higher quality goods and services
through our Rural Taobao program. At the same time, we help farmers earn more by selling agricultural products
directly to urban consumers. To achieve our goals for the initiative, we had established service centers in over
14,000 rural villages as of March 31, 2016, where service center operators facilitate purchase orders and delivery
logistics.
Big Data and Cloud Computing
We believe our world is rapidly transitioning from an information technology, or IT; economy to a data
technology, or DT, economy. Traditionally unstructured, undiscovered and underutilized data can now be activated
and leveraged as a new fundamental energy source. From the development of personal computer, or PC, to
mobile, to the Internet of Things, the explosion of data is bringing about a new era of opportunity. In the future,
we believe that the Internet will play a fundamental role in social and commercial human interactions, with cloud
60