computing as a cost-saving public service, and data as a value-enhancing resource. We will continue to implement
our data strategy through the application of data intelligence, machine learning and deep learning technologies to
several fields, including marketplace design, user interface, search, targeted marketing, logistics, platform security,
location-based services and financial services, among others. We will continue to invest in our cloud computing
platform to support our own businesses and those of third parties.
Our Businesses
Core Commerce
Our core commerce business is comprised of marketplaces operating in three areas: retail commerce in China;
wholesale commerce in China; and international and cross-border commerce.
Retail Commerce in China
Our retail commerce business in China is comprised of Taobao Marketplace, Tmall and Juhuasuan, collectively
our China retail marketplaces, and Rural Taobao and merchant services. Our China retail marketplaces have
become an important part of the everyday life of Chinese online consumers. According to CNNIC, 413 million
Chinese Internet users have experienced online shopping in 2015, out of a total of 688 million Internet users at the
end of 2015. Our high penetration rate of China’s online shopping population is evidenced by the 407 million
annual active buyers we had in the twelve months ended December 31, 2015.
We believe consumers appreciate the shopping experience on our China retail marketplaces because of the
following value propositions:
° Broad selection. Our China retail marketplaces had over 1 billion listings as of March 31, 2016 across over
150 product categories, presenting a comprehensive selection of products and services to consumers.
° Convenience. Because of its 24/7 availability and a seamless user experience, especially on mobile, users are
rapidly adopting Internet shopping. Through Cainiao Network and the logistics partners that are connected
to its logistics data platform, consumers from cities to rural areas enjoy predictable and speedy delivery
services.
° Customized experience. The content on Taobao App and Tmall App is driven by personalized
recommendations, news feeds and shopping themes for individual users, making our apps a highly effective
platform for user engagement.
° Value for money. Our marketplace business model ensures that merchants offer competitive prices
to consumers.
0 Merchant quality. Consumers can rate a merchant after completion of a transaction based on whether the
product matches its description, the merchant’s service level and delivery timeliness. These customer
feedbacks contribute to the detailed service rating, or DSR, which is displayed on the merchant’s storefront
and is factored into the search algorithm that determines its ranking on search results pages.
° Authentic products. Consumers can expect products purchased from our China retail marketplaces are
protected by merchant quality ratings, clear return policies and the Alipay escrow system. These protections
are especially valuable in lower-tier cities and rural villages where it has been difficult to distribute authentic
branded products.
Because our China retail marketplaces are the most popular online shopping platform for Chinese consumers,
we deliver the following value proposition to merchants and brands:
° Eﬁ‘icient distribution. Manufacturers and retailers in China and rest of the world increasingly recognize that
e-commerce is essential for survival and growth. As merchants and retailers turn to online channels for
distribution in China, our China retail marketplaces have become part of every conversation. The
423 million active buyers for the twelve months ended March 31, 2016 represent an unparalleled amount of
purchasing power.
61