as chairman of Yahoo Japan Corporation since 1996, and of Sprint Corporation since 2013. Mr. Son received a
bachelor’s degree in Economics from the University of California, Berkeley.
Chee Hwa TUN G (ﬁﬁﬁ) has been our director since September 2014 and is the Vice Chairman of the
Twelfth National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference of the PRC, which is an
important institution of multiparty cooperation and political consultation in the PRC. Mr. Tung is the Founding
Chairman of the China—United States Exchange Foundation, which is a non-profit organization registered in Hong
Kong to promote understanding and strengthening relationships between China and the United States. Mr. Tung
also serves in various public sector and advisory positions, including as a member of the J .P Morgan International
Council, the China Development Bank International Advisory Committee and the Advisory Board of the
Schwarzman Scholars Program at Tsinghua University. Prior to these appointments, Mr. Tung served as the First
Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region from July 1997 to March 2005. Mr. Tung had a
successful and distinguished career in business, including serving as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
Orient Overseas (International) Limited, a SEHK-listed company with its principal business activities in container
transport and logistics services on a global scale. Mr. Tung is also the chairman and chief executive officer of Our
Hong Kong Foundation Limited, a non-government, non-profit organization dedicated to promoting the long-term
and overall interests of Hong Kong. Mr. Tung received a bachelor’s degree in science from the University
of Liverpool.
Walter Teh Ming KWAUK (513%53) has been our director since September 2014. He previously served as an
independent non-executive director and chairman of the audit committee of Alibaba.com Limited, one of our
subsidiaries, which was listed on the SEHK, from October 2007 to July 2012. Mr. Kwauk is currently a senior
consultant of Motorola Solutions (China) Co., Ltd. and serves as an independent non-executive director of
Thunder Power Co. Ltd., a Taiwan company with its shares traded on Taiwan’s Gre Tai Securities Market; Sinosoft
Technology Group Limited, a company listed on the SEPH{, of which Mr. Kwauk is also the chairman of its audit
committee; and several private companies. Mr. Kwauk was a vice president of Motorola Solutions, Inc. and its
director of corporate strategic finance and tax, Asia Pacific from 2003 to 2012. Mr. Kwauk served with KPMG
from 1977 to 2002 and held a number of senior positions, including the general manager of KPMG’s joint venture
accounting firm in Beijing, the managing partner in KPMG’s Shanghai office and a partner in KPMG’s Hong Kong
Office. He is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Kwauk received a
bachelor’s degree in science and a licentiate’s degree in accounting from the University of British Columbia.
Jerry YANG (tiﬁﬁﬁ) has been our director since September 2014. Mr. Yang previously served as our director
from October 2005 to January 2012. Since March 2012, Mr. Yang has served as the founding partner of AME
Cloud Ventures, a venture capital firm. Mr. Yang is a co-founder of Yahoo! Inc., and served as Chief Yahoo! and
as a member of its board of directors from March 1995 to January 2012. In addition, he served as Yahoo!’s Chief
Executive Officer from June 2007 to January 2009. From January 1996 to January 2012, Mr. Yang served as a
director of Yahoo! Japan. Mr. Yang also served as an independent director of Cisco Systems, Inc. from July 2000
to November 2012. He is currently an independent director of Workday Inc., a company listed on the New York
Stock Exchange, and Lenovo Group Ltd., a company listed on the SEHK. He also serves as a director of various
private companies and foundations. Mr. Yang received a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in electrical
engineering from Stanford University and served on Stanford University’s board of trustees from October 2005 to
September 2015.
Borje E. EKHOLM has been our director since June 2015. Mr. Ekholm is currently the head of Patricia
Industries, a newly created division of Investor AB, a Swedish investment company, where he has held a variety of
management positions since joining the firm in 1992. Prior to his current position, Mr. Ekholm served as president
and chief executive officer and a member of the board of directors of Investor AB. Prior to becoming president
and chief executive officer in 2005, Mr. Ekholm was a member of the management group of Investor AB.
Previously, Mr. Ekholm worked at McKinsey & Co. Inc. Mr. Ekholm is currently the non-executive chairman of
NASDAQ OMX Inc. and also serves as a director of Chalmers Innovation AB, Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson,
KT H Royal Institute of Technology, Choate Rosemary Hall and NASDAQ-listed Trimble Navigation Ltd.
153