sale transactions entered into on an arms-length basis known to us. If such references were not available, the
valuations of our ordinary shares were determined in accordance with the guidelines outlined in the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants’ Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately—Held Company Equity Securities
Issued as Compensation, and with the assistance of an independent appraisal firm from time to time. The
assumptions we use in the valuation model are based on future expectations combined with management judgment,
with inputs of numerous objective and subjective factors such as our operating and financial performance, expected
growth rates, expected profit margins and the market performance of industry peers, to determine the fair value of
our ordinary shares.
In order to determine the fair value of our ordinary shares underlying each share-based award grant, we first
determined our business enterprise value, or BEV, and then allocated the BEV to each element of our capital
structure (convertible preference shares and ordinary shares) using a hybrid method comprising the probability-
weighted expected return method and the option pricing method. In our case, two scenarios were assumed,
namely: (i) the redemption scenario, in which the option pricing method was adopted to allocate the value between
convertible preference shares and ordinary shares, and (ii) the mandatory conversion scenario, in which equity
value was allocated to convertible preference shares and ordinary shares on an as-if converted basis. Increasing
probability was assigned to the mandatory conversion scenario during fiscal year 2014 and the subsequent periods
in light of preparations for our initial public offering.
Before April 2014, our BEV was estimated using a combination of two generally accepted approaches: the
market approach using the guideline company method, or GCM, and the income approach using the discounted
cash ﬂow method, or DCF. The market approach considers valuation metrics based on trading multiples of a
selected industry peer group of companies. The DCF method estimates enterprise value based on the estimated
present value of future net cash ﬂows that the business is expected to generate over a forecasted period and an
estimate of the present value of cash ﬂows beyond that period, which is referred to as terminal value. The
estimated present value is calculated using a discount rate based on the guideline companies’ weighted average
cost of capital, which accounts for the time value of money and the appropriate degree of risks inherent in the
business. The GCM and DCF methods are then weighted equally in determining our BEV.
In addition to the GCM and DCF methods, starting from April 2014, the market transaction method, or
MT M, was also adopted. MTM considers recent transactions of secondary shares by our existing shareholders,
which indicate the equity value of the underlying business being evaluated. We assigned a 50% weight to MT M
and the remaining 50% weight equally to GCM and DCF.
Subsequent to our initial public offering in September 2014, the market price of our publicly traded ADSs is
used as an indicator of fair value of our ordinary shares.
If the fair value of the underlying equity and any of the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model changes
significantly, share-based compensation expense for future awards may differ materially compared with the awards
granted previously.
Subscription of rights to acquire our restricted Shares
We offered selected partners of the Alibaba Partnership and they have subscribed for rights to acquire our
restricted shares. These rights are not subject to any vesting conditions and entitle the holders to purchase
restricted shares at a price of US$14.50 per share during a four year period. Upon the exercise of such rights, the
underlying ordinary shares may not be transferred for a period of eight years from the date of subscription of the
relevant rights. The fair value of the rights was determined by the Black-Scholes option-valuation model. A
discount for post-vesting sales restriction was applied to arrive at the estimated value of the restricted shares for
the determination of the fair value of the rights. Share-based compensation expense equivalent to the entire fair
value of these rights less the initial subscription price was recorded in the period of subscription.
143