Share-based Compensation Expense and Valuation of the Underlying Awards
Granting of share options, restricted shares and RS Us relating to our ordinary shares
We account for various types of share-based awards granted to the employees, consultants and directors of our
company, our affiliates and certain other companies, such as Ant Financial Services, in accordance with the
authoritative guidance on share-based compensation expense. Under the fair value recognition provision of such
guidance, compensation for share—based awards granted, including share options, restricted shares and RSUs, is
measured at the grant date, or at future vesting date in the case of consultants or other grantees, based on the fair
value of the awards and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting
period of the respective award, on an accelerated attribution method. In the case of share-based awards to
non-employees, the fair value of the unvested portion is re-measured each period, with the resulting difference, if
any, recognized as expense during the period the related services are rendered. Under the accelerated attribution
method, each vesting installment of a graded vesting award is treated as a separate share-based award, and
accordingly each vesting installment is separately measured and attributed to expense, resulting in accelerated
recognition of share-based compensation expense.
Share-based compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures in our consolidated income
statement and as such is recorded for only those share-based awards that we expect to vest. We estimate the
forfeiture rate based on historical forfeitures of equity awards and adjust the rate to reﬂect changes in facts and
circumstances, if any. We revise our estimated forfeiture rate if actual forfeitures differ from our initial estimates.
Determining the fair value of share-based awards requires significant judgment. We estimated the fair value of
our share options using the Black-Scholes option-valuation model, which requires inputs such as the fair value of
our ordinary shares, risk-free interest rate, expected dividend yield, expected life and expected volatility on the
following assumptions:
0 Fair value of our ordinary shares — prior to our initial public offering in September 2014, the fair value was
determined based on management estimates, as discussed in the paragraphs below. Subsequent to our initial
public offering, the market price of our publicly traded ADSs is used as an indicator of fair value for our
ordinary shares.
0 Risk free interest rate — the risk free interest rate is based on the yields of US. Treasury securities with
maturities similar to the expected life of the share options.
0 Expected dividend yield — we have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares and
do not presently plan to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently, we used an expected
dividend yield of zero.
° Expected life — the expected term was estimated based on the average between the vesting period and the
contractual term.
0 Expected volatility — as we have a short period of trading history for our ordinary shares, the expected
volatility for our ordinary shares was estimated by taking the average historical price volatility for industry
peers based on the price ﬂuctuations of their shares over a period equivalent to the expected term of the
share options granted. Industry peers consist of several public companies in the technology industry similar
in size, which are engaged in similar business sectors in China and worldwide. We intend to continue to
consistently apply this process using the same or similar public companies until a sufficient amount of
historical information regarding the volatility of our own ordinary share price becomes available, or unless
circumstances change such that the identified companies are no longer similar to us, in which case, more
suitable companies whose share prices are publicly available would be utilized in the calculation.
The fair value of restricted shares and RSUs is determined based on the fair value of our ordinary shares.
Prior to our initial public offering in September 2014, in the absence of a public trading market, the
determination of the fair value of our ordinary shares by the administrators was made with reference to the price
at which we had recently sold our ordinary shares to third-party investors, or other representative private share
142