ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
(g) Revenue recognition (Continued)
Revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables are divided into separate units of accounting. The
arrangement consideration is allocated at the inception of the arrangement to each element based on their
relative fair values for revenue recognition purposes. The consideration is allocated to each element using
vendor-specific objective evidence or third-party evidence of the standalone selling price for each deliverable,
or if neither type of evidence is available, using management’s best estimate of selling price. Revenue
arrangements with multiple deliverables primarily relate to the sale of membership packages and online
marketing services on the international wholesale marketplace, which are not material to the Company’s
total revenue.
In accordance with ASC 605, the Company evaluates whether it is appropriate to record the gross amount of
product sales and related costs or the net amount earned as commissions. When the Company is primarily
obligated in a transaction, is subject to inventory risk, has latitude in establishing prices and selecting
suppliers, or has several but not all of these indicators, revenue is recorded on a gross basis. When the
Company is not the primary obligor, does not bear the inventory risk and does not have the ability to establish
the price, revenue is recorded on a net basis.
When services are exchanged or swapped for other services, the exchange is regarded as a revenue-generating
transaction. The amount of revenue recognized for barter transactions was insignificant for each of the periods
presented.
Revenue recognition policies for each type of service are analyzed as follows:
Online marketing services revenue
The Company receives service fees from merchants on the retail and wholesale marketplaces for pay for
performance (“P4P”) marketing services, display marketing, placement services and Taobaoke program on the
Company’s marketplaces and certain third party marketing affiliates’ websites.
P4P marketing services allow merchants to bid for keywords that match product or service listings appearing in
search or browser results on the Company’s marketplaces. Merchants prepay for P4P marketing services and
the related revenue is recognized when a user clicks their product or service listings. The positioning of such
listings and the price for such positioning are determined through an online auction system, which facilitates
price discovery through a market-based mechanism.
Display marketing allows merchants to place advertisements in particular areas of a web page, at fixed prices
or prices established by a real-time bidding system, in particular formats and over particular periods of time.
In general, merchants need to prepay for display marketing and revenue is recognized ratably over the period
in which the advertisement is displayed or when an advertisement appears on pages clicked or viewed
by users.
F-ZO