For example, the use of mobile devices to access content and transact on our platforms is developing rapidly,
and we may fail to continue to offer superior user experience in order to increase or maintain the level of mobile
engagement on our platforms, or to successfully develop the mobile community. The variety of technical and other
configurations across different mobile devices and platforms increases the challenges associated with this
environment. If we are unable to continue to attract significant numbers of new mobile consumers and increase or
maintain levels of mobile engagement, our ability to maintain or grow our business would be materially and
adversely affected.
Our business generates and processes a large amount of data, and the improper use or disclosure of such data could harm
our reputation as well as have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects.
Our business, including our cloud computing business, generates and processes a large quantity of personal,
transaction, demographic and behavioral data. We face risks inherent in handling and protecting large volumes of
data. In particular, we face a number of challenges relating to data from transactions and other activities on our
platforms, including:
0 protecting the data in and hosted on our system, including against attacks on our system by outside parties
or fraudulent behavior or improper use by our employees;
0 addressing concerns related to privacy and sharing, safety, security and other factors; and
0 complying with applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to the collection, use, disclosure or security of
personal information, including any requests from regulatory and government authorities relating to
such data.
The PRC regulatory and enforcement regime with regard to data security and data protection is evolving. On
July 1, 2015, the National People’s Congress Standing Committee promulgated the National Security Law, or the
New National Security Law, which took effect on the same date and replaced the former National Security Law
promulgated in 1993. The New National Security Law covers various types of national security including technology
security and information security. According to the New National Security Law, the state shall ensure that the
information system and data in important areas are secure and controllable. In addition, according to the
New National Security Law, the state shall establish national security review and supervision institutions and
mechanisms, and conduct national security reviews of key technologies and IT products and services that affect or
may affect national security. In particular, we are obligated under the New National Security Law to safeguard
national security by, for example, providing evidence related to activities endangering national security, providing
convenience and assistance for national security work, and providing necessary support and assistance for national
security institutions, public security institutions as well as military institutions. As such, we may have to provide
data to PRC government authorities and military institutions for compliance with the New National Security Law,
which may result in additional expenses to us and subject us to negative publicity which could harm our reputation
with users and negatively affect the trading price of our ADSs. There are uncertainties on how the New National
Security Law will be implemented in practice. PRC regulators, including the MIIT and the Cyberspace
Administration, have been increasingly focused on regulation in the areas of data security and data protection. We
expect that these areas will receive greater attention and focus from regulators, as well as attract public scrutiny
and attention going forward. This greater attention, scrutiny and enforcement, including more frequent inspections,
could increase our compliance costs and, subject us to heightened risks and challenges associated with data security
and protection. If we are unable to manage these risks, our reputation and results of operations could be
materially and adversely affected.
In addition, pursuant to our data sharing agreement with Ant Financial Services and Alipay, which sets forth
data security and confidentiality protocols, and subject to relevant legal requirements and limitations, we have
agreed to a broad sharing of data with Ant Financial Services through a data sharing platform that we own and
operate. Cainiao Network, Koubei and Alibaba Pictures have also entered into agreements with us to participate in
the data sharing platform. We also grant expressly limited access to specified data on our data platform to certain
other participants in our ecosystem that provide services to merchants and consumers, such as retail operating
15