Our contractual arrangements may not be as effective in providing control over the variable interest entities as direct
ownership.
We rely on contractual arrangements with our variable interest entities to operate part of our Internet
businesses in China and other businesses in which foreign investment is restricted or prohibited. For a description
of these contractual arrangements, see “Item 4. Information on the Company — C. Organizational Structure —
Contractual Arrangements among Our Wholly-foreign Owned Enterprises, Variable Interest Entities and the
Variable Interest Entity Equity Holders.” These contractual arrangements may not be as effective as direct
ownership in providing us with control over our variable interest entities.
If we had direct ownership of the variable interest entities, we would be able to exercise our rights as an
equity holder directly to effect changes in the boards of directors of those entities, which could effect changes at
the management and operational level. Under our contractual arrangements, we may not be able to directly change
the members of the boards of directors of these entities and would have to rely on the variable interest entities
and the variable interest entity equity holders to perform their obligations in order to exercise our control over the
variable interest entities. The variable interest entity equity holders may have conﬂicts of interest with us or our
shareholders, and they may not act in the best interests of our company or may not perform their obligations
under these contracts. For example, our variable interest entities and their respective equity holders could breach
their contractual arrangements with us by, among other things, failing to conduct their operations, including
maintaining our websites and using our domain names and trademarks which the relevant variable interest entities
have exclusive rights to use, in an acceptable manner or taking other actions that are detrimental to our interests.
Pursuant to the call option, we may replace the equity holders of the variable interest entities at any time pursuant
to the contractual arrangements. However, if any equity holder is uncooperative and any dispute relating to these
contracts or the replacement of the equity holders remains unresolved, we will have to enforce our rights under the
contractual arrangements through the operations of PRC law and arbitral or judicial agencies, which may be costly
and time-consuming and will be subject to uncertainties in the PRC legal system. See “— Any failure by our
variable interest entities or their equity holders to perform their obligations under the contractual arrangements
would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.” Consequently,
the contractual arrangements may not be as effective in ensuring our control over the relevant portion of our
business operations as direct ownership.
Any failure by our variable interest entities or their equity holders to perform their obligations under the contractual
arrangements would have a material adverse eﬁect on our business, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
If our variable interest entities or their equity holders fail to perform their respective obligations under the
contractual arrangements, we may have to incur substantial costs and expend additional resources to enforce such
arrangements. Although we have entered into call option agreements in relation to each variable interest entity,
which provide that we may exercise an option to acquire, or nominate a person to acquire, ownership of the equity
in that entity or, in some cases, its assets, to the extent permitted by applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations,
the exercise of these call options is subject to the review and approval of the relevant PRC governmental
authorities. We have also entered into equity pledge agreements with respect to each variable interest entity to
secure certain obligations of such variable interest entity or its equity holders to us under the contractual
arrangements. However, the enforcement of such agreements through arbitral or judicial agencies may be costly
and time-consuming and will be subject to uncertainties in the PRC legal system. Moreover, our remedies under
the equity pledge agreements are primarily intended to help us collect debts owed to us by the variable interest
entities or the variable interest entity equity holders under the contractual arrangements and may not help us in
acquiring the assets or equity of the variable interest entities.
In addition, although the terms of the contractual arrangements provide that they will be binding on the
successors of the variable interest entity equity holders, as those successors are not a party to the agreements, it is
uncertain whether the successors in case of the death, bankruptcy or divorce of a variable interest entity equity
holder will be subject to or will be willing to honor the obligations of such variable interest entity equity holder
under the contractual arrangements. If the relevant variable interest entity or its equity holder (or its successor), as
38