online platform to infringe upon the lawful rights and interests of consumers and fail to take measures necessary to
prevent or stop such activity.
Failure to comply with these consumer protection laws could subject us to administrative sanctions, such as the
issuance of a warning, confiscation of illegal income, imposition of a fine, an order to cease business operations,
revocation of business licenses, as well as potential civil or criminal liabilities.
Regulation of Pricing
In China, the prices of a very small number of products and services are guided or fixed by the government.
According to the Pricing Law, business operators must, as required by the government departments in charge of
pricing, mark the prices explicitly and indicate the name, origin of production, specifications, and other related
particulars clearly. Business operators may not sell products at a premium or charge any fees that are not explicitly
indicated. Business operators must not commit the specified unlawful pricing activities, such as colluding with
others to manipulate the market price, providing fraudulent discounted price information, using false or misleading
prices to deceive consumers to transact, or conducting price discrimination against other business operators. Failure
to comply with the Pricing Law or other rules or regulations on pricing may subject business operators to
administrative sanctions such as warning, orders to cease unlawful activities, payment of compensation to
consumers, confiscation of illegal gains, and/or fines. The business operators may be ordered to suspend business
for rectification, or have their business licenses revoked if the circumstances are severe. Merchants on T mall and
Taobao Marketplace undertake the primary obligation under the Pricing Law. However, in some cases, we have
been and may in the future be held liable and be subject to fines or other penalties if the authorities determine
that, as the platform operator, our guidance for platform-wide promotional activities resulted in unlawful pricing
activities by the merchants on our platforms or if the pricing information we provided for platform-wide
promotional activities was determined to be untrue or misleading.
Regulation of Intellectual Property Rights
Patent. Patents in the PRC are principally protected under the Patent Law of the PRC. The duration of a
patent right is either 10 years or 20 years from the date of application, depending on the type of patent right.
Copyright. Copyright in the PRC, including copyrighted software, is principally protected under the Copyright
Law of the PRC and related rules and regulations. Under the Copyright Law, the term of protection for
copyrighted software is 50 years.
Trademark. Registered trademarks are protected under the Trademark Law of the PRC and related rules and
regulations. Trademarks are registered with the Trademark Office of the SAIC. Where registration is sought for a
trademark that is identical or similar to another trademark which has already been registered or given preliminary
examination and approval for use in the same or similar category of commodities or services, the application for
registration of such trademark may be rejected. Trademark registrations are effective for a renewable ten-year
period, unless otherwise revoked.
Domain Name. Domain name registrations are handled through domain name service agencies established
under the relevant regulations, and applicants become domain name holders upon successful registration.
Regulation of Anti-counterfeiting
According to the Trademark Law of the PRC, counterfeit or unauthorized production of the label of another
person’s registered trademark, or sale of any label that is counterfeited or produced without authorization will be
deemed as an infringement of the exclusive right to use a registered trademark. The infringing party will be
ordered to cease infringement immediately, a fine may be imposed and the counterfeit goods will be confiscated.
The infringing party may also be held liable for damages suffered by the owner of the intellectual property rights,
which will be equal to the gains obtained by the infringing party or the losses suffered by such owner as a result of
the infringement, including reasonable expenses incurred by such owner in connection with enforcing its rights.
93