service division, responsible for leading her team to optimize service to China Gold Supplier members and enhance
supplier quality. In March 2012, she was appointed the head of Alibaba.com’s international operations and later
also took charge of 1688.com. From October 2014 to February 2015, she also led the Rural Taobao team. Before
joining Alibaba Group, Sophie was sales and customer manager at a technology development company wholly
owned by Zhejiang University. She holds a bachelor’s degree in international trade from Zhejiang University and
an EMBA degree from China Europe International Business School.
Jessie Junfang ZHENG (£31???) has been our chief platform governance officer since December 2015,
responsible for the governance of our retail and wholesale marketplaces. She has also been our deputy chief
financial officer since November 2013. Prior to her current position, she served as financial vice president of
Alibaba.com from December 2010 to October 2013. Before joining our company, Jessie was an audit partner at
KPMG. Jessie received a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Northeastern University in China.
Alibaba Partnership
Since our founders first gathered in Jack Ma’s apartment in 1999, they and our management have acted in the
spirit of partnership. We view our culture as fundamental to our success and our ability to serve our customers,
develop our employees and deliver long-term value to our shareholders. In July 2010, in order to preserve this
spirit of partnership and to ensure the sustainability of our mission, vision and values, we decided to formalize our
partnership as Lakeside Partners, named after the Lakeside Gardens residential community where Jack and our
other founders started our company. We refer to the partnership as the Alibaba Partnership.
We believe that our partnership approach has helped us to better manage our business, with the peer nature
of the partnership enabling senior managers to collaborate and override bureaucracy and hierarchy. The Alibaba
Partnership currently has 34 members comprised of 26 members of our management, seven members of
management of Ant Financial Services and one member of management of Cainiao Network. The number of
partners in Alibaba Partnership is not fixed and may change from time to time due to the election of new partners,
the retirement of partners and the departure of partners for other reasons.
Our partnership is a dynamic body that rejuvenates itself through admission of new partners each year, which
we believe enhances our excellence, innovation and sustainability. Unlike dual-class ownership structures that
employ a high-vote class of shares to concentrate control in a few founders, our approach is designed to embody
the vision of a large group of management partners. This structure is our solution for preserving the culture
shaped by our founders while at the same time accounting for the fact that founders will inevitably retire from
the company.
Consistent with our partnership approach, all partnership votes are made on a one-partner-one-vote basis.
The partnership is governed by a partnership agreement and operates under principles, policies and
procedures that have evolved with our business and are further described below.
Nomination and Election of Partners
The Alibaba Partnership elects new partners annually after a nomination process whereby existing partners
propose candidates to the partnership committee, or the partnership committee, as described below. The
partnership committee reviews the nominations and determines whether the nomination of a candidate will be
proposed to the entire partnership for election. Election of new partners requires the approval of at least 75% of
all of the partners.
To be eligible for election, a partner candidate must have demonstrated the following attributes:
0 a high standard of personal character and integrity;
° continued service with Alibaba Group, our affiliates and/or certain companies with which we have a
significant relationship such as Ant Financial Services for not less than five years;
156