Other Income, Net
Other income, net primarily consists of royalty fees and software technology service fees paid by Alipay,
government grants as well as exchange gain or loss. Alipay pays us royalty fees and software technology service
fees pursuant to an intellectual property and software technology services agreement, as amended in August 2014,
or the amended Alipay IPLA. See “Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions — B. Related
Party Transactions — Agreements and Transactions Related to Ant Financial Services and its Subsidiaries — Share
and Asset Purchase Agreement — Alipay Intellectual Property License and Software Technology Services
Agreement” for further information on the arrangements between us and Alipay. Government grants primarily
relate to grants by central and local governments in connection with our contributions to technology development
and investments in local business districts. These grants may not be recurring in nature, and we recognize such
income when the grants are received and no further conditions need to be met. Exchange gain or loss, arising from
our operations and treasury management activities, recognized in our income statement is largely a result of
depreciation or appreciation of RMB, respectively. The amount is also partly impacted by such currency
movements on our hedging activities related to the portion that is deemed ineffective from an accounting
perspective.
Income Tax Expense
Our income tax expense is comprised primarily of current tax expense, mainly attributable to certain profitable
subsidiaries in China, and deferred tax expense, mainly including withholding tax on dividends to be distributed by
our major subsidiaries operating in China.
Taxation
Cayman Islands Proﬁts Tax
Under Cayman Islands law, our company is not subject to income, corporation or capital gains tax, and no
withholding tax is imposed upon the payment of dividends.
Hong Kong Proﬁts Tax
Our company’s subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong were subject to Hong Kong profits tax rate of 16.5%
in fiscal years 2014, 2015 and 2016.
PRC Income Tax
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, or EIT Law, the standard enterprise income tax rate is 25%.
Entities qualifying as High and New Technology Enterprises enjoy a preferential tax rate of 15%. Entities
recognized as Software Enterprises are exempt from the EIT for two years beginning from their first profitable
calendar year and are entitled to a 50% reduction in EIT for the following three calendar years. Furthermore,
entities recognized as key software enterprises within the PRC national plan enjoy a preferential EIT rate of 10%.
Certain subsidiaries received the above preferential tax treatments during the calendar years 2013, 2014, 2015
and 2016. One of our major subsidiaries in China, Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co. Ltd., which is a wholly foreign-
owned enterprise primarily involved in the operation of Tmall, is currently in its fifth profitable year and was
subject to an EIT rate of 12.5% (or 50% of the standard statutory rate) in calendar years 2014, 2015 and 2016,
and to an EIT rate of 15% thereafter for so long as the subsidiary continues to qualify as a High and
New Technology Enterprise. Two of our subsidiaries in China, Taobao (China) Software Co. Ltd. and Alibaba
(China) Technology Co. Ltd., which are also wholly foreign owned enterprises primarily involved in the operations
of Taobao Marketplace and wholesale marketplaces respectively, were recognized as key software enterprises in the
calendar years of 2012, 2013 and 2014 and they were subject to an EIT rate of 10%. In respect of the calendar
years of 2015 and 2016, Key Software Enterprise status has not yet been awarded up to the date of this annual
114