ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
9. Equity-settled donation expense
During the year ended March 31, 2014, the Company granted 50,000,000 share options to a non-profit
organization designated by two members of management of the Company, subject to irrevocable instructions
to designate and transfer these share options to the separate charitable trusts to be established by these two
members of management of the Company. These share options were approved by the directors of the board
and such options are not subject to any vesting conditions and are exercisable for a period of four years
starting from the grant date. The exercise price of these options is US$25.00 per share and was determined
with reference to the fair market value of the ordinary shares of the Company at the time of the grant. For
each of the eight years beginning one year after the date of listing of the ordinary shares of the Company on a
recognized stock exchange, the charitable trusts are permitted to sell only up to 6,250,000 ordinary shares per
year excluding such number of unsold ordinary shares carried forward from previous years.
The fair value of each share option is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes model and the
assumptions below:
Year ended
March 31,
2014
Risk-free interest rate (i) 1.02%
Expected dividend yield (ii) 0%
Expected life (years) (iii) 4.00
Expected volatility (iv) 37.2%
Discount for post-vesting sale restrictions (v) 18.0% - 38.0%
(i) Risk-free interest rate is based on the yields of United States Treasury securities with maturities similar to
the expected life of these options at the time of grant.
(ii) Expected dividend is assumed to be 0% as the Company has no history or expectation of paying a
dividend on its ordinary shares.
(iii) Expected life of the options is based on management’s estimate on timing of exercise.
(iv) Expected volatility is assumed based on the historical volatility of the Company’s comparable companies
in the period equal to expected life of the options.
(v) Discount for post-vesting sale restrictions applied on the underlying ordinary shares takes into
consideration of the restriction on sales of two to eight years.
As there are no vesting conditions attached to the above share options, equity-settled donation expense of
RMB1,269 million was recognized in full and recorded in general and administrative expenses during the year
ended March 31, 2014.
10. Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to ordinary shareholders by the
weighted average number of outstanding ordinary shares, adjusted for outstanding ordinary shares that are
subject to repurchase.
For the calculation of diluted earnings per share, net income attributable to ordinary shareholders for basic
earnings per share is adjusted by the effect of dilutive securities, including share-based awards, under the
treasury stock method. In addition, the computation of the diluted earnings per share assumes the conversion
of Convertible Preference Shares (Note 22) since their issuance. Potentially dilutive securities, of which the
amounts are insignificant, have been excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share if their
inclusion is anti-dilutive.
F-65