advisor entities of the US. Dollar Funds and the RMB Funds, respectively, and which we collectively refer to as
Yunfeng Capital. Jack Ma, his wife, a trust established for the benefit of his family and an entity controlled by Jack
and his wife have committed, directly or indirectly, approximately US$5.2 million and US$460 million as general
partners and limited partners, respectively, to the US. Dollar Funds, and approximately RMB16.0 million and
approximately RMB201.1 million as general partners and limited partners, respectively, to the RMB Funds. The
US. Dollar Funds have accepted over US$1.4 billion in capital commitments and the RMB Funds have accepted
over RMB5.0 billion in capital commitments.
Jack will donate all distributions of (x) carried interest proceeds he may receive in respect of the Yunfeng
Funds and (y) dividends he may receive with respect to his holdings of shares in any member of Yunfeng Capital,
which we collectively refer to as the Yunfeng Distributions, to, or for the benefit of, the Alibaba Group Charitable
Fund or other entities identified by Jack that serve charitable purposes. In addition, Jack has agreed that he will
not claim any deductions from his applicable income tax obligations resulting from payment of the Yunfeng
Distributions to the Alibaba Group Charitable Fund or any other entity identified by Jack that serves charitable
purposes. See “— Commitments of Jack Ma to Alibaba Group.” We expect that, through its expertise, knowledge
base and extensive network of contacts in private equity in China, Yunfeng Capital will assist us in developing a
range of relevant strategic investment opportunities.
Yunfeng Funds have historically, and may in the future, enter into co-investment transactions with us and third
parties, such as our recent investments in Youku Tudou and Alibaba Health. In April 2014, in conjunction with our
investment in Alibaba Health and on the same terms as us, a Yunfeng Fund acquired, through a holding company
it jointly established with us, an effective equity interest of approximately 16% in Alibaba Health for a total
purchase price of HK$395 million. Also in April 2014, in conjunction with our investment in Youku Tudou and on
the same terms as us, a Yunfeng Fund agreed to invest approximately US$132 million to purchase Class A
ordinary shares of Youku Tudou, representing an effective equity interest of 2.0% on a fully-diluted basis. See
“Item 5. Operating and Financial Review Prospects — A. Operating Results — Recent Investment, Acquisition
and Strategic Alliance Activities — Entertainment.” We have also invested in other businesses in which Yunfeng
Funds are existing shareholders. In addition, we committed US$80 million as a limited partner of Yunfeng
Fund II, L.P. Through such investment, we have formalized an institutional relationship with Yunfeng Capital. In
addition, Yunfeng Fund, L.P. was an indirect holder of approximately 84,600 convertible preference shares
purchased by an entity wholly-owned by it in September 2012, and such convertible preference shares were
automatically converted into our ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial public offering in
September 2014.
Commitments of Jack Ma to Alibaba Group
Jack Ma, our executive chairman, has confirmed the following commitments to our board of directors in
writing:
0 He intends to reduce and thereafter limit his direct and indirect economic interest in Ant Financial Services
over time, to a percentage that does not exceed his and his affiliates’ interest in our company immediately
prior to our initial public offering and that such reduction will be caused in a manner by which neither Jack
nor any of his affiliates would receive any economic benefit;
0 He has entered into a deed to, and will, donate all of his Yunfeng Distributions to, or for the benefit of, the
Alibaba Group Charitable Fund or other entities identified by him that serve charitable purposes;
0 He will not claim any deductions from his applicable income tax obligations resulting from donating his
Yunfeng Distributions to the Alibaba Group Charitable Fund or any other entity identified by him that
serve charitable purposes; and
0 If required by us, while he remains an Alibaba executive, he will assume for our benefit legal ownership of
investment vehicles, holding companies and variable interest entities that further our business interests in
Internet, media and telecom related businesses and, in such circumstances, he will disclaim all economic
benefits from such ownership and enter into agreements to transfer any such benefits to us (or as we may
direct) when permitted by applicable law.
184