responsibilities, and may also expose us to increased scrutiny and negative publicity over such issues, due to the
large number of transactions that take place on our platforms and the increasing scope of our overall business
operations. In addition, changes in our services or policies have resulted and could result in objections by members
of the public, the media, including social media, participants in our ecosystem or others. From time to time, these
objections or allegations, regardless of their veracity, may result in public protests or negative publicity, which
could result in government inquiry or harm our reputation. Corporate transactions we or related parties undertake,
such as our recent acquisition of the media business of SCMP Group Limited, which includes the South China
Morning Post newspaper, may also subject us to increased media exposure and public scrutiny in Hong Kong,
China and internationally. Moreover, as our business expands and grows, both organically and through acquisitions
of and investments in other businesses, domestically and internationally, we will be exposed to heightened
regulatory scrutiny in jurisdictions where we already operate as well as in new jurisdictions in areas including
consumer safety, public health and public trust. There is no assurance that we would not become a target for
regulatory or public scrutiny in the future or such scrutiny and public exposure would not severely damage our
reputation as well as our business and prospects.
In addition, our directors and management have been, and continue to be, subject to scrutiny by the media
and the public regarding their activities in and outside Alibaba Group, which may result in unverified, inaccurate
or misleading information about them being reported by the press. Negative publicity about our executive chairman
or other founders, directors or management, even if untrue or inaccurate, may harm our reputation.
We and Ant Financial Services are subject to a broad range of laws and regulations, and future laws and regulations may
impose additional requirements and other obligations on our business or otherwise that could materially and adversely
aﬁect our business, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
The industries in which we and Ant Financial Services operate in the PRC, including online and mobile
commerce and payments, online content offerings, financial services, cloud computing and entertainment, are
highly regulated. The PRC government authorities are likely to continue to issue new laws, rules and regulations
governing these industries, enhance enforcement of existing laws, rules and regulations and impose requirements
relating to, among other things, new and additional licenses, permits and approvals or governance or ownership
structures on us, Ant Financial Services and our users. These laws, rules and regulations and their application to us
could take a direction that is adverse to our or Ant Financial Services’ business at any time. In addition, there is
no assurance that any required licenses, permits and approvals could be obtained or such new requirements can be
satisfied in a timely or cost-effective manner, and failure to obtain them could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. Changes in regulatory enforcement as well as tax policy
in the PRC could also result in additional compliance obligations and increased costs or place restrictions upon our
current or future operations. Any such legislation or regulation could also severely disrupt and constrain our
business and the payment services used on our marketplaces.
We have from time to time been subject to PRC and foreign government inquiries and investigations,
including those relating to website content and alleged third-party intellectual property infringement. We also face
scrutiny, and have been subject to inquiries and investigations, from foreign governmental bodies that focus on
cross-border trade, intellectual property protection, our investment activities, human rights, user privacy matters
and fraudulent or other criminal transactions. None of these inquiries and investigations has resulted in significant
restrictions on our business operations. However, as we continue to grow in scale and significance, we expect to
face increased scrutiny, which will, at a minimum, result in our having to increase our investment in compliance
and related capabilities and systems.
The increasing sophistication and development of our user base and our expansion into the mobile and
entertainment business will also increase the need for higher standards of user protection, privacy protection and
dispute management. Any increased involvement in inquiries or investigations could result in significantly higher
legal and other costs, restraints on our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered into, loss of business and
revenue, liability for breach of contracts with third parties, diversion of management and other resources, as well
24