Investments Involving Ant Financial Services
We have invested in businesses in which Ant Financial Services is an existing shareholder or co-invested with
Ant Financial Services in other businesses. For instance, in September 2015, we established a joint venture under
the brand name Koubei with Ant Financial Services. We and Ant Financial Services injected certain related
businesses into Koubei and each invested RMB3.0 billion in this joint venture. Koubei is one of the leading
restaurant and local services guide businesses in China. In addition, in February 2016, we agreed to invest
US$900 million in a co-investment with Ant Financial Services in Ele.me, an operator of one of the largest mobile
food ordering and delivery services in China.
Equity-based Award Arrangements
We grant options and RSUs relating to our ordinary shares to the employees of Ant Financial Services. As of
March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016, there were 6,397,150, 6,097,651 and 4,362,339 of our ordinary shares, respectively,
underlying outstanding options and RSUs held by employees of Ant Financial Services.
We entered into agreements with Ant Financial Services in calendar years 2012 and 2013 under which we will
receive reimbursements for options and RSUs relating to our ordinary shares granted to the employees of Ant
Financial Services and its subsidiaries during the period from December 14, 2011 to March 31, 2014. Pursuant to
these agreements, we will, upon vesting of such options and RSUs, receive a cash reimbursement equal to their
respective grant date fair value. The amounts of these reimbursements in fiscal years 2014, 2015 and 2016 were
RMB266 million, RMB206 million and RMB113 million (US$18 million), respectively.
We understand that Jack Ma, as the controlling shareholder of Ant Financial Services, believes that providing
equity-related awards to our employees tied to the success of Ant Financial Services will enhance the value of our
business because of the strategic importance of Alipay to our marketplaces and because, through our strategic and
financial relationship with Ant Financial Services, we have a significant participation in the profits and value
accretion of Ant Financial Services. In March 2014, Junhan, the general partner of which is an entity controlled by
Jack Ma, made a grant of certain equity—based awards similar to share-appreciation rights linked to the valuation
of Ant Financial Services to most of our employees. Since then, Junhan has granted similar equity-based
performance awards to our employees on an annual basis.
The grant by Junhan to our employees is subject to approval by our audit committee. The vesting of such
awards is conditional upon the fulfillment of requisite service conditions to us, and such awards will be settled in
cash by Junhan upon disposal of such awards by the holders. Junhan has the right to repurchase the vested awards
from the holders upon an initial public offering of Ant Financial Services or the termination of their employment
with us at a price to be determined based on the then fair market value of Ant Financial Services. Junhan’s
obligation to cash settle these awards will be funded by the proceeds of sales of or loans against the equity
interests in Ant Financial Services that Jack contributed to Junhan. We have no obligation to reimburse Junhan,
Ant Financial Services or its subsidiaries for the cost associated with these awards. For accounting purposes, we
recognize the cost relating to such equity-based awards granted by the shareholder through Junhan as a
shareholder contribution as the awards will ultimately be settled in cash by Junhan. The awards are accounted for
as financial derivatives and initially measured at their fair value, and the related expense will be recognized over
the requisite service period in our consolidated income statements with a corresponding credit to additional paid-in
capital. Subsequent changes in the fair value of the awards are recorded in our consolidated income statements
through the date on which the underlying awards are settled by Junhan. The expenses arising from Ant Financial
Services’ share-based awards granted to our employees represent a non-cash charge that will not result in any
economic costs or equity dilution to our shareholders.
Subsequent to our initial public offering, based on the arrangements agreed to in the 2014 SAPA, we, Junhan
and Ant Financial Services entered into an agreement, under which we agreed to continue granting our share—
based awards to employees of Ant Financial Services, and Junhan and Ant Financial Services agreed that Junhan
and/or Ant Financial Services through one of its subsidiaries will continue granting equity-based performance
awards to our employees on an annual basis. Due to the mutually beneficial nature of this arrangement, the parties
agreed that none of them has any obligation to reimburse any other party any expenses relating to such equity-
182