° Tmall Supermarket. Tmall operates a popular supermarket category that generates high frequency
purchases and builds consumer mindshare for high quality fresh produce, food and FMCG products.
Cainiao Network provides same-day or next-day delivery under its end-to-end logistics solutions program
by partnering with specialized players in the fresh produce supply chain, cold chain transport, warehouse
operations and last-mile delivery services.
° Cross-border Cainiao Network provides import and export logistics services to merchants on Tmall
Global, our premier platform for overseas brands and retailers, and AliExpress, our global consumer
marketplace, respectively.
In order to enhance consumer experience and improve efficiency in last-mile delivery in both rural and urban
areas, Cainiao Network is also engaged in initiatives including arranging delivery from county-level Rural Taobao
stations to villages, and setting up pick-up stations around urban communities.
During the twelve months ended March 31, 2016, Cainiao Network and its logistics partners enabled the
delivery of 12.2 billion packages from our China retail marketplaces. Currently, Cainiao Network primarily derives
its revenue from end-to-end logistics solutions and generates a significant portion of its revenue from providing
these services to Tmall Supermarket.
Proprietary Logistics Data Platform
Cainiao Network operates a proprietary logistics data platform. This platform links consumers, merchants and
logistics service providers and allows them to share information relating to orders, delivery routes and time, and
user feedbacks. The logistics data platform can interface with a broad range of systems including our marketplace
transaction systems, Alipay’s payment system, third-party transportation management systems, and the CRM, ERP
and warehouse management systems of merchants. Information generated from the data platform serves many
purposes: merchants can review the performance of delivery service providers on different routes; logistics service
providers can compare their performance against peers; and consumers can track orders, receive delivery time
information, and stay in touch with delivery personnel.
Recent Equity Financing of Cainiao Network
Cainiao Network completed a round of equity financing of approximately RMB10 billion in March 2016.
Existing shareholders and new investors, including major sovereign wealth funds and private equity funds,
participated in the financing. We subscribed for Cainiao Network’s shares on an approximately pro rata basis. As
of March 31, 2016, we own an approximately 47% equity interest in Cainiao Network. See “Item 5. Operating and
Financial Review and Prospects — A. Operating Results — Recent Investment, Acquisition and Strategic Alliance
Activities — Logistics — Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited.”
Payments
Alipay, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Financial Services, provides payment and escrow services for
transactions on Taobao Marketplace, Tmall, 1688.com, AliExpress and certain of our other platforms. Alipay also
provides payment and escrow services to third parties in China and overseas. Alipay is the principal means by
which consumers pay for their purchases on our China retail marketplaces. Except for credit card transactions
where Alipay charges the merchant to cover processing costs with banks, neither we nor Alipay charge any
payment fees to merchants doing business on our platform. Instead, we pay Alipay a fee to cover its cost of
operating payment and escrow services it provides on our marketplaces pursuant to a commercial agreement with
Ant Financial Services and Alipay. For additional details on our commercial relationship with Ant Financial
Services and Alipay, see “Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions — B. Related Party
Transactions —Agreements and Transactions Related to Ant Financial Services and its Subsidiaries.”
77