ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2014, 2015 AND 2016
23. Related party transactions (Continued)
Other transactions
The Company’s ecosystem offers different platforms on which different enterprises operate and the Company
believes that all transactions on the Company’s platforms are conducted on terms obtained in arms-length
transations with similar unrelated parties.
Other than the transactions disclosed above or elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the
Company has commercial arrangements with SoftBank, Yahoo, its equity investees and other related parties to
provide and receive certain marketing, logistics, traffic acquisition, cloud computing and other services. The
amounts relating to these services provided and received represent less than 1% of the Company’s revenue
and total expenses, respectively, for the years ended March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016.
In addition, the Company has made certain acquisitions and equity investments together with related parties
from time to time during the years ended March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016. The acquisitions and equity
investments agreements were entered into by the parties involved and conducted on fair value basis. The
significant acquisitions and equity investments together with related parties are included in Note 4.
24. Restricted net assets
PRC laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by the Company’s subsidiaries and VIEs incorporated
in the PRC only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting
standards and regulations. In addition, the Company’s subsidiaries and VIEs incorporated in the PRC are
required to annually appropriate 10% of their net income to the statutory reserve prior to payment of any
dividends, unless such reserve have reached 50% of their respective registered capital. In addition, registered
share capital and capital reserve accounts are also restricted from withdrawal in the PRC, up to the amount of
net assets held in each subsidiary and VIE. As a result of the restrictions described above and elsewhere
under PRC laws and regulations, the Company’s subsidiaries and VIEs incorporated in the PRC are restricted
in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the Company in the form of dividends. Such
restriction amounted to RMB39,116 million as of March 31, 2016. Even though the Company currently does
not require any such dividends, loans or advances from the PRC entities for working capital and other funding
purposes, the Company may in the future require additional cash resources from them due to changes in
business conditions, funding of future acquisitions and development, or merely to declare and pay dividends or
distributions to its shareholders. Except for the above or disclosed elsewhere, there is no other restriction on
the use of proceeds generated by the Company’s subsidiaries and VIEs to satisfy any obligations of
the Company.
F-83