Our revenue and net income may be materially and adversely aﬁected by any economic slowdown in China as well
as globally.
The success of our business ultimately depends on consumer spending. We currently derive substantially all of
our revenue from China and are also expanding into the international market. As a result, our revenue and net
income are impacted to a significant extent by economic conditions in China and globally, as well as economic
conditions specific to online and mobile commerce. The global economy, markets and levels of consumer spending
are inﬂuenced by many factors beyond our control, including consumer perception of current and future economic
conditions, political uncertainty, levels of employment, inﬂation or deﬂation, real disposable income, interest rates,
taxation and currency exchange rates.
The PRC government has in recent years implemented a number of measures to control the rate of economic
growth, including by raising interest rates and adjusting deposit reserve ratios for commercial banks as well as by
implementing other measures designed to tighten credit and liquidity. These measures have contributed to a
slowdown of the PRC economy. While the PRC government started easing its monetary policy in 2015, there have
been signs of continuing economic slowdown in China. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China,
China’s GDP growth rate was 6.9% in 2015, down from 7.4% in 2014. Any continuing or worsening slowdown
could significantly reduce domestic commerce in China, including through the Internet generally and within our
ecosystem. Although our financial performance is mainly affected by consumer spending, which may not be as
adversely affected as other sectors of the economy, an economic downturn, whether actual or perceived, a further
decrease in economic growth rates or an otherwise uncertain economic outlook in China or any other market in
which we may operate could have a material adverse effect on consumer spending and therefore adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Security breaches and attacks against our systems and network, and any potentially resulting breach or failure to
otherwise protect conﬁdential and proprietary information, could damage our reputation and negatively impact our
business, as well as materially and adversely affect our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
Although we have employed significant resources to develop our security measures against breaches, our
cybersecurity measures may not detect or prevent all attempts to compromise our systems, including distributed
denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, social engineering, security
breaches or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored in and
transmitted by our systems or that we otherwise maintain. Breaches of our cybersecurity measures could result in
unauthorized access to our systems, misappropriation of information or data, deletion or modification of user
information, or a denial-of-service or other interruption to our business operations. As techniques used to obtain
unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us or
our third-party service providers, we may be unable to anticipate, or implement adequate measures to protect
against, these attacks.
We have in the past and are likely again in the future to be subject to these types of attacks, although to date
no such attack has resulted in any material damages or remediation costs. If we are unable to avert these attacks
and security breaches, we could be subject to significant legal and financial liability, our reputation would be
harmed and we could sustain substantial revenue loss from lost sales and customer dissatisfaction. We may not
have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks.
Cyber-attacks may target us, our merchants, consumers, users, customers or other participants, or the
communication infrastructure on which we depend. Actual or anticipated attacks and risks may cause us to incur
significantly higher costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and network protection technologies, train
employees, and engage third-party experts and consultants. Cybersecurity breaches would not only harm our
reputation and business, but also could materially decrease our revenue and net income. We do not carry
cybersecurity insurance.
20