Table of Contents
earned. Capitalized internally developed costs are generally amortized to “Cost of sales” on an accelerated basis that follows the viewing pattern of customer
streams in the ﬁrst months after availability.
Investments
We generally invest our excess cash in investment grade short- to intermediate-term ﬁxed income securities and AAA-rated money market funds. Such
investments are included in “Cash and cash equivalents” or “Marketable securities” on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, classiﬁed as
available-for—sale, and reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in “Accumulated other comprehensive loss.”
Equity investments are accounted for using the equity method of accounting if the investment gives us the ability to exercise signiﬁcant inﬂuence, but
not control, over an investee. Equity-method investments are included within “Other assets” on our consolidated balance sheets. Our share of the earnings or
losses as reported by equity-method investees, amortization of basis differences, and related gains or losses, if any, are classiﬁed as “Equity-method
investment activity, net of tax” on our consolidated statements of operations.
Equity investments without readily determinable fair values and for which we do not have the ability to exercise signiﬁcant inﬂuence are accounted for
using the cost method of accounting and classiﬁed as “Other assets” on our consolidated balance sheets. Under the cost method, investments are carried at
cost and are adjusted only for other-than-temporary declines in fair value, certain distributions, and additional investments.
Equity investments that have readily determinable fair values are classiﬁed as available-for—sale and are included in “Marketable securities” on our
consolidated balance sheets and are recorded at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, included in “Accumulated other comprehensive loss.”
We periodically evaluate whether declines in fair values of our investments below their book value are other-than-temporary. This evaluation consists
of several qualitative and quantitative factors regarding the severity and duration of the unrealized loss as well as our ability and intent to hold the
investment until a forecasted recovery occurs. Additionally, we assess whether we have plans to sell the security or it is more likely than not we will be
required to sell any investment before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Factors considered include quoted market prices; recent ﬁnancial results and
operating trends; implied values from any recent transactions or offers of investee securities; credit quality of debt instrument issuers; other publicly
available information that may affect the value of our investments; duration and severity of the decline in value; and our strategy and intentions for holding
the investment.
Long-Lived Assets
Long-lived assets, other than goodwill, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
the assets might not be recoverable. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a signiﬁcant decline in the observable market value
of an asset, a signiﬁcant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, or any other signiﬁcant adverse change that would indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable.
For long-lived assets used in operations, impairment losses are only recorded if the asset’s carrying amount is not recoverable through its undiscounted,
probability-weighted future cash ﬂows. We measure the impairment loss based on the difference between the carrying amount and estimated fair value. Long-
lived assets are considered held for sale when certain criteria are met, including when management has committed to a plan to sell the asset, the asset is
available for sale in its immediate condition, and the sale is probable within one year of the reporting date. Assets held for sale are reported at the lower of
cost or fair value less costs to sell. Assets held for sale were not signiﬁcant as of December 31, 2015 and 2016.
Accrued Expenses and Other
Included in “Accrued expenses and other” on our consolidated balance sheets are liabilities primarily related to unredeemed gift cards, leases and asset
retirement obligations, current debt, acquired digital media content, and other operating expenses.
As of December 31, 2015 and 2016, our liabilities for unredeemed gift cards was $2.0 billion and $2.4 billion. We reduce the liability for a gift card
when redeemed by a customer. If a gift card is not redeemed, we recognize revenue when it expires or when the likelihood of its redemption becomes remote,
generally two years from the date of issuance.
Uneamed Revenue
Uneamed revenue is recorded when payments are received in advance of performing our service obligations and is recognized over the service period.
Unearned revenue primarily relates to prepayments of Amazon Prime memberships and
47