Table of Contents
Item 1A. Risk Factors
Please carefully consider the following risk factors. If any of the following risks occur, our business, ﬁnancial condition, operating results, and cash
ﬂows could be materially adversely affected. In addition, the current global economic climate ampliﬁes many of these risks.
We Face Intense Competition
Our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and we have many competitors in different industries, including retail, e-commerce
services, digital content and electronic devices, and web and infrastructure computing services. Some of our current and potential competitors have greater
resources, longer histories, more customers, and/or greater brand recognition, particularly with our newly-launched products and services and in our newer
geographic regions. They may secure better terms from vendors, adopt more aggressive pricing, and devote more resources to technology, infrastructure,
ﬁllﬁllment, and marketing.
Competition may intensify, including with the development of new business models and the entry of new and well-ﬁanded competitors, and as our
competitors enter into business combinations or alliances and established companies in other market segments expand to become competitive with our
business. In addition, new and enhanced technologies, including search, web and infrastructure computing services, digital content, and electronic devices,
may increase our competition. The Internet facilitates competitive entry and comparison shopping, and increased competition may reduce our sales and
proﬁts.
Our Expansion Places a Significant Strain on our Management, Operational, Financial, and Other Resources
We are rapidly and signiﬁcantly expanding our global operations, including increasing our product and service offerings and scaling our infrastructure
to support our retail and services businesses. This expansion increases the complexity of our business and places signiﬁcant strain on our management,
personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, ﬁnancial resources, and internal ﬁnancial control and reporting functions. We may not be able to
manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results.
Our Expansion into New Products, Services, Technologies, and Geographic Regions Subjects Us to Additional Business, Legal, Financial, and
Competitive Risks
We may have limited or no experience in our newer market segments, and our customers may not adopt our new offerings. These offerings may present
new and difﬁcult technology challenges, and we may be subject to claims if customers of these offerings experience service disruptions or failures or other
quality issues. In addition, proﬁtability, if any, in our newer activities may be lower than in our older activities, and we may not be successful enough in these
newer activities to recoup our investments in them. Ifany of this were to occur, it could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our
operating results.
We May Experience Significant Fluctuations in Our Operating Results and Growth Rate
We may not be able to accurately forecast our growth rate. We base our expense levels and investment plans on sales estimates. A signiﬁcant portion of
our expenses and investments is ﬁxed, and we may not be able to adjust our spending quickly enough if our sales are less than expected.
Our revenue growth may not be sustainable, and our percentage growth rates may decrease. Our revenue and operating proﬁt growth depends on the
continued growth of demand for the products and services offered by us or our sellers, and our business is affected by general economic and business
conditions worldwide. A softening of demand, whether caused by changes in customer preferences or a weakening of the US. or global economies, may result
in decreased revenue or growth.
Our sales and operating results will also ﬂuctuate for many other reasons, including due to risks described elsewhere in this section and the following:
- our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers’ demands;
0 our ability to retain and expand our network of sellers;
- our ability to offer products on favorable terms, manage inventory, and fulﬁll orders;
- the introduction of competitive websites, products, services, price decreases, or improvements;
- changes in usage or adoption rates of the Internet, e-commerce, electronic devices, and web services, including outside the U.S.;
- timing, effectiveness, and costs of expansion and upgrades of our systems and infrastructure;
6