Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Amazon.com, Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Amazon.com, Inc. as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders’ equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2016. These ﬁnancial statements are the responsibility of the company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these ﬁnancial
statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ﬁnancial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the ﬁnancial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and signiﬁcant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall ﬁnancial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the ﬁnancial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated ﬁnancial position of Amazon.com, Inc.
at December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2016, in conformity with US. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Amazon.com, Inc.’s
internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 9, 2017 expressed an unqualiﬁed
opinion thereon.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
Seattle, Washington
February 9, 2017
35