Table of Contents
customer self-service features. Additionally, because payment processing and fulﬁllment costs associated with seller transactions are based on the gross
purchase price of underlying transactions, and payment processing and related transaction and fulﬁllment costs are higher as a percentage of sales versus our
retail sales, sales by our sellers have higher fulﬁllment costs as a percent of net sales.
The increase in fulﬁllment costs in absolute dollars in 2014, 2015, and 2016, compared to the comparable prior year periods, is primarily due to
variable costs corresponding with increased physical and digital product and service sales volume, inventory levels, and sales mix; costs from expanding
fulﬁllment capacity; and payment processing and related transaction costs.
We seek to expand our fulﬁllment capacity to accommodate a greater selection and in—stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment
volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties for which we provide the fulﬁllment services. We regularly evaluate our facility
requirements.
Marketing
We direct customers to our websites primarily through a number of targeted online marketing channels, such as our Associates program, sponsored
search, social and online advertising, television advertising, and other initiatives. Our marketing expenses are largely variable, based on growth in sales and
changes in rates. To the extent there is increased or decreased competition for these trafﬁc sources, or to the extent our mix of these channels shifts, we would
expect to see a corresponding change in our marketing expense.
The increase in marketing costs in absolute dollars in 2014, 2015, and 2016, compared to the comparable prior year periods, is primarily due to
increased spending on online marketing channels and television advertising, as well as payroll and related expenses.
While costs associated with Amazon Prime memberships and other shipping oﬁ‘ers are not included in marketing expense, we view these offers as
effective worldwide marketing tools, and intend to continue offering them indeﬁnitely.
Technology and Content
Technology costs consist principally of research and development activities including payroll and related expenses for employees involved in
application, production, maintenance, operation, and development of new and existing products and services, as well as AWS and other technology
infrastructure costs. Content costs consist principally of payroll and related expenses for employees involved in category expansion, editorial content,
buying, and merchandising selection.
We seek to invest efﬁciently in several areas of technolo gy and content so we may continue to enhance the customer experience and improve our
process efﬁciency through rapid technology developments while operating at an ever increasing scale. Our technology and content investment and capital
spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and
operations. We expect spending in technology and content to increase over time as we continue to add employees and technology infrastructure. The
increase in technology and content costs in absolute dollars in 2014, 2015, and 2016, compared to the comparable prior year periods, is primarily due to
increased payroll and related costs associated with expanding our products and services, and an increase in spending on technology infrastructure principally
allocated to our AWS segment.
Technology infrastructure costs consist of servers, networking equipment, and data center related depreciation, rent, utilities, and payroll expenses.
These costs are allocated to segments based on usage. In 2014, 2015, and 2016, we expanded our technology infrastructure principally by increasing our
capacity for AWS service offerings globally, compared to the comparable prior year periods. Additionally, the costs associated with operating and
maintaining our expanded infrastructure have increased over time, corresponding with increased usage. We expect these trends to continue over time as we
invest in technology infrastructure to support increased usage.
The increase in payroll and related costs is primarily due to the expansion of existing product categories and service offerings, including AWS, and
initiatives to introduce new product and service offerings.
For 2014, 2015, and 2016, we capitalized $641 million (including $104 million of stock-based compensation), $642 million (including $114 million
of stock-based compensation), and $511 million (including $94 million of stock-based compensation) of costs associated with internal—use software and
website development. Amortization of previously capitalized amounts was $559 million, $635 million, and $634 million for 2014, 2015 , and 2016.
General and Administrative
The increase in general and administrative costs in absolute dollars in 2014, 2015, and 2016, compared to the comparable prior year period, is primarily
due to increases in payroll and related expenses.
28