Table of Contents
AMAZON.COM, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATENIENTS
Note 1—DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Description of Business
Amazon.com opened its virtual doors on the World Wide Web in July 1995. We seek to be Earth’s most customer-centric company. In each of our
segments, we serve our primary customer sets, consisting of consumers, sellers, developers, enterprises, and content creators. We serve consumers through our
retail websites and focus on selection, price, and convenience. We also manufacture and sell electronic devices. We offer programs that enable sellers to sell
their products on our websites and their own branded websites and to fulﬁll orders through us, and programs that allow authors, musicians, ﬁlmmakers, app
developers, and others to publish and sell content. We serve developers and enterprises of all sizes through our AWS segment, which provides access to
technology infrastructure that enables Virtually any type of business. In addition, we provide services, such as advertising services and co-branded credit card
agreements.
We have organized our operations into three segments: North America, International, and AWS. See “Note 11—Segment Information.”
Prior Period Reclassifications
Certain prior period amounts have been reclassiﬁed to conform to the current period presentation, including the allocation of stock-based
compensation and “Other operating expense, net” to segment results within “Note 1 1 — Segment Information.” These revised segment results reﬂect the way
our chief operating decision maker evaluates the Company’s business performance and manages its operations. In Q1 2016, current deferred tax assets and
current deferred tax liabilities were reclassiﬁed as non-current, and capitalized debt issuance costs were reclassiﬁed from “Other assets” to “Long-term debt”
as a result of the adoption of new accounting guidance. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements.
Principles of Consolidation
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements include the accounts of Amazon.com, Inc., its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and those entities in which we have a
variable interest and of which we are the primary beneﬁciary, including certain entities in India and China and that support our seller lending ﬁnancing
activities (collectively, the “Company”). Intercompany balances and transactions between consolidated entities are eliminated.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of ﬁnancial statements in conformity with GAAP requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent liabilities in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements and accompanying notes.
Estimates are used for, but not limited to, determining the selling price of products and services in multiple element revenue arrangements and determining
the amortization period of these elements, incentive discount offers, sales returns, vendor funding, stock-based compensation forfeiture rates, income taxes,
valuation and impairment of investments, inventory valuation and inventory purchase commitments, collectability of receivables, valuation of acquired
intangibles and goodwill, depreciable lives of property and equipment, intemal-use software and website development costs, acquisition purchase price
allocations, investments in equity interests, and contingencies. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.
Earnings per Share
Basic earnings per share is calculated using our weighted-average outstanding common shares. Diluted earnings per share is calculated using our
weighted-average outstanding common shares including the dilutive effect of stock awards as determined under the treasury stock method. In periods when
we have a net loss, stock awards are excluded from our calculation of earnings per share as their inclusion would have an antidilutive effect. In 2014, we
excluded stock awards of 17 million.
41