Table of Contents
website development. Depreciation is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets (generally the lesser of 40 years or the
remaining life of the underlying building, two years for assets such as intemal-use software, three years for our servers, ﬁve years for networking equipment,
ﬁve years for fumiture and ﬁxtures, and ten years for heavy equipment). Depreciation expense is classiﬁed within the corresponding operating expense
categories on our consolidated statements of operations.
Leases and Asset Retirement Obligations
We categorize leases at their inception as either operating or capital leases. On certain of our lease agreements, we may receive rent holidays and other
incentives. We recognize lease costs on a straight-line basis without regard to deferred payment terms, such as rent holidays, that defer the commencement
date of required payments. Additionally, incentives we receive are treated as a reduction of our costs over the term of the agreement. Leasehold improvements
are capitalized at cost and amortized over the lesser of their expected useful life or the non-cancellable term of the lease.
We establish assets and liabilities for the estimated construction costs incurred under build-to-suit lease arrangements to the extent we are involved in
the construction of structural improvements or take construction risk prior to commencement of a lease. Upon occupancy of facilities under build-to-suit
leases, we assess whether these arrangements qualify for sales recognition under the sale-leaseback accounting guidance. If we continue to be the deemed
owner, the facilities are accounted for as ﬁnance leases.
We establish assets and liabilities for the present value of estimated future costs to retire long-lived assets at the termination or expiration of a lease.
Such assets are depreciated over the lease period into operating expense, and the recorded liabilities are accreted to the future value of the estimated
retirement costs.
Goodwill
We evaluate goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the carrying value may
not be recoverable. In testing goodwill for impairment, we may elect to utilize a qualitative assessment to evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the
fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If our qualitative assessment indicates that goodwill impairment is more likely than not, we
perform a two-step impairment test. We test goodwill for impairment under the two-step impairment test by ﬁrst comparing the book value of net assets to the
fair value of the reporting units. If the fair value is determined to be less than the book value or qualitative factors indicate that it is more likely than not that
goodwill is impaired, a second step is performed to compute the amount of impairment as the difference between the estimated fair value of goodwill and the
carrying value. We estimate the fair value of the reporting units using discounted cash ﬂows. Forecasts of future cash ﬂows are based on our best estimate of
ﬁlture net sales and operating expenses, based primarily on expected category expansion, pricing, market segment share, and general economic conditions.
We completed the required annual testing of goodwill for impairment for all reporting units as of April 1, 2016, and determined that goodwill is not
impaired as the fair value of our reporting units substantially exceeded their book value. There were no triggering events identiﬁed from the date of our
assessment through December 31, 2016 that would require an update to our annual impairment test. See “Note 4—Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Acquired
Intangible Assets.”
Other Assets
Included in “Other assets” on our consolidated balance sheets are amounts primarily related to acquired intangible assets, net of amortization; video
and music content, net of amortization; long-term deferred tax assets; certain equity investments; marketable securities restricted for longer than one year, the
majority of which are attributable to collateralization of bank guarantees and debt related to our international operations; and equity warrant assets.
Video and Music Content
We obtain video and music content to be made available to customers through licensing agreements that have a wide range of licensing provisions and
generally have terms from one to seven years with ﬁxed and variable payment schedules. When the license fee for a speciﬁc movie, television, or music title
is determinable or reasonably estimable and the content is available for streaming, we recognize an asset representing the fee per title and a corresponding
liability for the amounts owed. We relieve the liability as payments are made and we amortize the asset to “Cost of sales” on a straight-line basis or on an
accelerated basis, based on estimated viewing patterns over each title’s contractual Window of availability, which typically ranges from one to seven years. If
we are unable to reasonably estimate the cost per title, no asset or liability is recorded and licensing costs are expensed as incurred. We also develop original
content. The production costs of internally developed content are capitalized only if persuasive evidence exists that the production will generate revenue.
Prior to 2015, because we had limited history to support the economic beneﬁts of our content, we generally expensed such costs as incurred. In 2015, we
began capitalizing a portion of production costs as we have developed more experience to support that future revenue will be
46