Table of Contents
- the potential impairment of customer and other relationships of the company we acquired or in which we invested or our own customers as a result
of any integration of operations;
- the difﬁculty of incorporating acquired technology and rights into our offerings and unanticipated expenses related to such integration;
0 the difﬁculty of integrating a new company’s accounting, ﬁnancial reporting, management, information and information security, human resource,
and other administrative systems to permit effective management, and the lack of control if such integration is delayed or not implemented;
- for investments in which an investee’s ﬁnancial performance is incorporated into our ﬁnancial results, either in fall or in part, the dependence on
the investee’s accounting, ﬁnancial reporting, and similar systems, controls, and processes;
- the difﬁculty of implementing at companies we acquire the controls, procedures, and policies appropriate for a larger public company;
- potential unknown liabilities associated with a company we acquire or in which we invest; and
- for foreign transactions, additional risks related to the integration of operations across different cultures and languages, and the economic, political,
and regulatory risks associated with speciﬁc countries.
As a result of future acquisitions or mergers, we might need to issue additional equity securities, spend our cash, or incur debt, contingent liabilities, or
amortization expenses related to intangible assets, any of which could reduce our proﬁtability and harm our business. In addition, valuations supporting our
acquisitions and strategic investments could change rapidly given the current global economic climate. We could determine that such valuations have
experienced impairments or other-than-temporary declines in fair value which could adversely impact our ﬁnancial results.
We Have Foreign Exchange Risk
The results of operations of, and certain of our intercompany balances associated with, our international websites and product and service offerings are
exposed to foreign exchange rate ﬂuctuations. Upon translation, operating results may differ materially from expectations, and we may record signiﬁcant
gains or losses on the remeasurement of intercompany balances. As we have expanded our international operations, our exposure to exchange rate
ﬂuctuations has increased. We also hold cash equivalents and/or marketable securities in foreign currencies including British Pounds, Euros, and Japanese
Yen. Ifthe U.S. Dollar strengthens compared to these currencies, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, when translated, may be materially less
than expected and vice versa.
The Loss of Key Senior Management Personnel Could Negatively Affect Our Business
We depend on our senior management and other key personnel, particularly Jeffrey P. Bezos, our President, CEO, and Chairman. We do not have “key
person” life insurance policies. The loss of any of our executive ofﬁcers or other key employees could harm our business.
We Could Be Harmed by Data Loss or Other Security Breaches
As a result of our services being web-based and the fact that we process, store, and transmit large amounts of data, including personal information, for
our customers, failure to prevent or mitigate data loss or other security breaches, including breaches of our vendors’ technology and systems, could expose us
or our customers to a risk of loss or misuse of such information, adversely affect our operating results, result in litigation orpotential liability for us, and
otherwise harm our business. We use third-party technology and systems for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, encryption and authentication
technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, back-oﬁice support, and other functions. Some subsidiaries had past security breaches, and,
although they did not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, there can be no assurance of a similar result in the future. Although we have
developed systems and processes that are designed to protect customer information and prevent data loss and other security breaches, including systems and
processes designed to reduce the impact of a security breach at a third-party vendor, such measures cannot provide absolute security.
We Face Risks Related to System Interruption and Lack of Redundancy
We experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites and services unavailable or slow to respond and prevent us from
efﬁciently fulﬁlling orders or providing services to third parties, which may reduce our net sales and the attractiveness of our products and services. If we are
unable to continually add software and hardware, effectively upgrade our systems and network infrastructure, and take other steps to improve the efﬁciency
of our systems, it could cause system interruptions or delays and adversely aﬁ‘ect our operating results.
10