Table of Contents
The following table shows the calculation of diluted shares (in millions):
Year Ended December 31,
2014 _ 2015 _ 2016
lShares used in computation of basic earnings per share 462 467 474 l
Total dilutive effect of outstanding stock awards — _ 10 _ 10
lShares used in computation of diluted earnings per share 462 477 484 l
Revenue
We recognize revenue from product sales or services rendered when the following four criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
delivery has occurred or service has been rendered, the selling price is ﬁxed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue arrangements
with multiple deliverables are divided into separate units and revenue is allocated using estimated selling prices if we do not have vendor-speciﬁc objective
evidence or third-party evidence of the selling prices of the deliverables. We allocate the arrangement price to each of the elements based on the relative
selling prices of each element. Estimated selling prices are management’s best estimates of the prices that we would charge our customers if we were to sell
the standalone elements separately and include considerations of customer demand, prices charged by us and others for similar deliverables, and the price if
largely based on the cost of producing the product or service.
Sales of our digital devices, including Kindle e-readers, Fire tablets, Fire TVs, and Echo, are considered arrangements with multiple deliverables,
consisting of the device, undelivered software upgrades and/or undelivered non—software services such as cloud services and free trial memberships to other
services. The revenue allocated to the device, which is the substantial portion of the total sale price, and related costs are generally recognized upon delivery.
Revenue related to undelivered software upgrades and/or undelivered non-software services is deferred and recognized generally on a straight-line basis over
the estimated period the software upgrades and non-software services are expected to be provided for each of these devices.
Sales of Amazon Prime memberships are also considered arrangements with multiple deliverables, including shipping beneﬁts, Prime Video, Prime
Music, Prime Photos, and access to the Kindle Owners’ Lending Library. The revenue related to the deliverables is amortized over the life of the membership
based on the estimated delivery of services. Amazon Prime membership fees are allocated between product sales and service sales. Costs to deliver Amazon
Prime beneﬁts are recognized as cost of sales as incurred. As we add more beneﬁts to the Prime membership, we will update the method of determining the
estimated selling prices of each element as well as the allocation of Prime membership fees.
We evaluate whether it is appropriate to record the gross amount of product sales and related costs or the net amount earned as commissions. Generally,
when we are primarily obligated in a transaction, are subject to inventory risk, have latitude in establishing prices and selecting suppliers, or have several but
not all of these indicators, revenue is recorded at the gross sale price. We generally record the net amounts as commissions earned if we are not primarily
obligated and do not have latitude in establishing prices. Such amounts earned are determined using ﬁxed fees, a percentage of seller revenues, per-unit
activity fees, or some combination thereof.
Product sales represent revenue from the sale of products and related shipping fees and digital media content Where we record revenue gross. Product
sales and shipping revenues, net of promotional discounts, rebates, and return allowances, are recorded when the products are shipped and title passes to
customers. Retail sales to customers are made pursuant to a sales contract that provides for transfer of both title and risk of loss upon our delivery to the carrier
or the customer. Amazon’s electronic devices sold through retailers are recognized at the point of sale to consumers.
Service sales represent third-party seller fees earned (including commissions) and related shipping fees, AWS sales, certain digital content
subscriptions, certain advertising services, and our co-branded credit card agreements. Service sales, net of promotional discounts and return allowances, are
recognized when service has been rendered.
Return allowances, which reduce revenue and cost of sales, are estimated using historical experience. Allowance for returns was $147 million, $153
million, and $156 million as of December 31, 2014, 2015, and 2016. Additions to the allowance were $1.1 billion, $1.3 billion, and $1.5 billion, and
deductions to the allowance were $1.1 billion, $1.3 billion, and $1.5 billion in 2014, 2015, and 2016. Revenue from product sales and services rendered is
recorded net of sales and consumption taxes. Additionally, we periodically provide incentive offers to our customers to encourage purchases. Such offers
include current discount offers, such as percentage discounts off current purchases, inducement offers, such as offers for ﬁiture discounts subject to a
minimum current purchase, and other similar offers. Current discount offers, when accepted by our customers, are treated as a reduction to the purchase price
of the related transaction, while inducement offers, when accepted by our customers, are treated as a reduction to purchase price based on estimated ﬁiture
redemption rates. Redemption rates are estimated using our historical experience for similar inducement offers. Current discount offers and inducement offers
are presented as a net amount in “Total net sales.”
42