Table of Contents
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants 0n Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We carried out an evaluation required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “1934 Act”), under the supervision and with the participation of our
principal executive ofﬁcer and principal ﬁnancial ofﬁcer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as
deﬁned in Rule 13a-15(e) of the 1934 Act, as of December 31, 2016. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive ofﬁcer and principal ﬁnancial ofﬁcer
concluded that, as of December 31, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to
be disclosed by us in the reports that we ﬁle or submit under the 1934 Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods speciﬁed
in the SEC’S rules and forms and to provide reasonable assurance that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
principal executive ofﬁcer and principal ﬁnancial ofﬁcer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, as deﬁned in Rule 13a-15(f) of the
1934 Act. Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016 based on criteria established in
Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As a result of this
assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2016, our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting was effective in providing reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of ﬁnancial reporting and the preparation of ﬁnancial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. Ernst & Young has independently assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting and its report is
included below.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2016 that materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting.
Limitations on Controls
Our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over ﬁnancial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their
objectives as speciﬁed above. Management does not expect, however, that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over ﬁnancial
reporting will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected.
71