Table of Contents
The Seasonaliljy of Our Business Places Increased Strain on Our Operations
We expect a disproportionate amount of our net sales to occur during our fourth quarter. Ifwe do not stock or restock popular products in sufficient
amounts such that we fail to meet customer demand, it could signiﬁcantly affect our revenue and our ﬁlture growth. If we overstock products, we may be
required to take signiﬁcant inventory markdowns or write-offs and incur commitment costs, which could reduce proﬁtability. We may experience an increase
in our net shipping cost due to complimentary upgrades, split-shipments, and additional long-zone shipments necessary to ensure timely delivery for the
holiday season. If too many customers access our websites within a short period of time due to increased holiday demand, we may experience system
interruptions that make our websites unavailable or prevent us from efﬁciently ﬁllﬁlling orders, which may reduce the volume of goods we sell and the
attractiveness of our products and services. In addition, we may be unable to adequately staff our fulﬁllment network and customer service centers during
these peak periods and delivery and other ﬁllﬁllment companies and customer service co-sourcers may be unable to meet the seasonal demand. We also face
risks described elsewhere in this Item 1A relating to fulﬁllment network optimization and inventory.
We generally have payment terms with our retail vendors that extend beyond the amount of time necessary to collect proceeds from our consumer
customers. As a result of holiday sales, as of December 31 of each year, our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances typically reach their
highest level (other than as a result of cash ﬂows provided by or used in investing and ﬁnancing activities). This operating cycle results in a corresponding
increase in accounts payable as of December 31. Our accounts payable balance generally declines during the ﬁrst three months of the year, resulting in a
corresponding decline in our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances.
Our Business Could Suffer if We Are Unsuccessful in Making, Integrating, and Maintaining Commercial Agreements, Strategic Alliances, and Other
Business Relationships
We provide e-commerce and other services to businesses through commercial agreements, strategic alliances, and business relationships. Under these
agreements, we provide web services, technology, fulﬁllment, computing, digital storage, and other services, as well as enable sellers to offer products or
services through our websites. These arrangements are complex and require substantial infrastructure capacity, personnel, and other resource commitments,
which may limit the amount of business we can service. We may not be able to implement, maintain, and develop the components of these commercial
relationships, which may include web services, fulﬁllment, customer service, inventory management, tax collection, payment processing, hardware, content,
and third—party software, and engaging third parties to perform services. The amount of compensation we receive under certain of our commercial agreements
is partially dependent on the volume of the other company’s sales. Therefore, if the other company’s offering is not successful, the compensation we receive
may be lower than expected or the agreement may be terminated. Moreover, we may not be able to enter into additional commercial relationships and
strategic alliances on favorable terms. We also may be subject to claims from businesses to which we provide these services if we are unsuccessﬁll in
implementing, maintaining, or developing these services.
As our agreements terminate, we may be unable to renew or replace these agreements on comparable terms, or at all. We may in the future enter into
amendments on less favorable terms or encounter parties that have difﬁculty meeting their contractual obligations to us, which could adversely affect our
operating results.
Our present and future e-commerce services agreements, other commercial agreements, and strategic alliances create additional risks such as:
- disruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses;
0 impairment of other relationships;
0 variability in revenue and income from entering into, amending, or terminating such agreements or relationships; and
- difficulty integrating under the commercial agreements.
Our Business Could Suffer if We Are Unsuccessful in Making, Integrating, and Maintaining Acquisitions and Investments
We have acquired and invested in a number of companies, and we may acquire or invest in or enter into joint ventures with additional companies.
These transactions create risks such as:
- disruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses;
- problems retaining key personnel;
- additional operating losses and expenses of the businesses we acquired or in which we invested;
- the potential impairment of tangible and intangible assets and goodwill, including as a result of acquisitions;
9