Table of Contents
branded credit card programs, which could adversely affect our operating results if terminated. We are also subject to payment card association operating
rules, including data security rules, certiﬁcation requirements, and rules governing electronic ﬁmds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make
it difﬁcult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised,
we may be liable for card issuing banks’ costs, subject to ﬁnes and higher transaction fees, and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from
our customers, process electronic ﬁmds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely
affected.
In addition, we provide regulated services in certain jurisdictions because we enable customers to keep account balances with us and transfer money to
third parties, and because we provide services to third parties to facilitate payments on their behalf. In these jurisdictions, we may be subject to requirements
for licensing, regulatory inspection, bonding and capital maintenance, the use, handling, and segregation of transferred funds, consumer disclosures, and
authentication. We are also subject to or voluntarily comply with a number of other laws and regulations relating to payments, money laundering,
international money transfers, privacy and information security, and electronic fund transfers. If we were found to be in violation of applicable laws or
regulations, we could be subject to additional requirements and civil and criminal penalties, or forced to cease providing certain services.
We Could Be Liable for Fraudulent 0r Unlawful Activities of Sellers
The law relating to the liability of providers of online payment services is currently unsettled. In addition, governmental agencies could require
changes in the way this business is conducted. Under our seller programs, we may be unable to prevent sellers from collecting payments, fraudulently or
otherwise, when buyers never receive the products they ordered or when the products received are materially different from the sellers’ descriptions. Under
our AZZ Guarantee, we reimburse buyers for payments up to certain limits in these situations, and as our marketplace seller sales grow, the cost of this
program will increase and could negatively affect our operating results. We also may be unable to prevent sellers on our sites or through other seller sites from
selling unlawful goods, selling goods in an unlawful manner, or violating the proprietary rights of others, and could face civil or criminal liability for
unlawﬁll activities by our sellers.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staﬂ Comments
None.
14