Table of Contents
- compliance with the US. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable US. and foreign laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government
oﬁicials and other third parties;
- laws and policies of the U.S. and other jurisdictions affecting trade, foreign investment, loans, and taxes; and
- geopolitical events, including war and terrorism.
As international e-commerce and other online and web services grow, competition will intensify. Local companies may have a substantial competitive
advantage because of their greater understanding of, and focus on, the local customer, as well as their more established local brand names. We may not be
able to hire, train, retain, and manage required personnel, which may limit our international growth.
The People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) and India regulate Amazon’s and its afﬁliates’ businesses and operations in country through regulations and
license requirements that may restrict (i) foreign investment in and operation of the Internet, IT infrastructure, data centers, retail, delivery, and other sectors,
(ii) Internet content, and (iii) the sale of media and other products and services. For example, in order to meet local ownership and regulatory licensing
requirements, www.amazon.cn is operated by PRC companies that are indirectly owned, either wholly or partially, by PRC nationals. In addition, we provide
certain technology services in China in conjunction with third parties that hold PRC licenses to provide services. In India, the government restricts the
ownership or control of Indian companies by foreign entities involved in online multi-brand retail trading activities. For www.amazon.in, we provide certain
marketing tools and logistics services to third-party sellers to enable them to sell online and deliver to customers, and we hold an indirect minority interest in
an entity that is a third-party seller on the www.amazon.in marketplace. Although we believe these structures and activities comply with existing laws, they
involve unique risks, and the PRC is actively considering changes in its foreign investment rules that could impact these structures and activities. There are
substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation of PRC and Indian laws and regulations, and it is possible that these governments will ultimately take a
View contrary to ours. In addition, our Chinese and Indian businesses and operations may be unable to continue to operate if we or our afﬁliates are unable to
access sufﬁcient funding or in China enforce contractual relationships with respect to management and control of such businesses. If our international
activities were found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC, Indian or other laws or regulations or if interpretations of those laws and regulations
were to change, our businesses in those countries could be subject to ﬁnes and other ﬁnancial penalties, have licenses revoked, or be forced to shut down
entirely.
If We Do Not Successfully Optimize and Operate Our Fulfillment Network and Data Centers, Our Business Could Be Harmed
If we do not adequately predict customer demand or otherwise optimize and operate our ﬁilﬁllment network and data centers successfully, it could
result in excess or insufficient ﬁllﬁllment or data center capacity, or result in increased costs, impairment charges, or both, or harm our business in other ways.
As we continue to add fulﬁllment and data center capability or add new businesses with different requirements, our ﬁllﬁllment and data center networks
become increasingly complex and operating them becomes more challenging. There can be no assurance that we will be able to operate our networks
effectively.
In addition, a failure to optimize inventory in our fulﬁllment network will increase our net shipping cost by requiring long-zone orpartial shipments.
We and our co-sourcers may be unable to adequately staff our fulﬁllment network and customer service centers. Ifthe other businesses on whose behalf we
perform inventory fulﬁllment services deliver product to our fulﬁllment centers in excess of forecasts, we may be unable to secure sufficient storage space and
may be unable to optimize our fulﬁllment network.
We rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory to us and completed orders to our customers. Ifwe are not able to negotiate
acceptable terms with these companies or they experience performance problems or other difﬁculties, it could negatively impact our operating results and
customer experience. In addition, our ability to receive inbound inventory eﬁiciently and ship completed orders to customers also may be negatively affected
by inclement weather, ﬁre, ﬂood, power loss, earthquakes, labor disputes, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God, and similar factors.
Under some of our commercial agreements, we maintain the inventory of other companies, thereby increasing the complexity of tracking inventory and
operating our fulﬁllment network. Our failure to properly handle such inventory or the inability of these other companies to accurately forecast product
demand would result in unexpected costs and other harm to our business and reputation.
8