Table of Contents
Item 9B. Other Information
Disclosure Pursuant to Section I 3 (r) of the Exchange Act
In 2016, we determined that, between January 2012 and December 2016, we processed and delivered orders of consumer products
for certain individuals and entities located outside Iran covered by the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act (“ITRA”), in addition to those we
have previously disclosed, as follows: consumer products valued at approximately $50 for an Iranian embassy located in a country other than Iran; consumer
products valued at approximately $1,300 for an individual designated under Executive Order 13224; consumer products valued at approximately $2,400 for
an entity owned or controlled by the Iranian government; and consumer products valued at approximately $250 for an individual who may have been acting
for an entity designated under Executive Order 13382 and owned or controlled by the Iranian government. The consumer products included books, other
media, apparel, home and kitchen, jewelry, ofﬁce, toys, consumer electronics, software, health and beauty, pet products, and lawn and patio. In addition, the
information provided pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act in Item 5 of Part H of the Company’s Quarterly Reports on 10-Q for the quarters ended
March 31, 2016, June 30, 2016, and September 30, 2016 are hereby incorporated by reference to such reports. We are unable accurately to calculate the net
proﬁt attributable to these transactions. We do not plan to continue selling to these accounts in the future. Our review is ongoing and we are enhancing our
processes designed to identify transactions associated with individuals and entities covered by the ITRA.
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Oﬂicers, and Corporate Governance
Information regarding our Executive Ofﬁcers required by Item 10 of Part HI is set forth in Item 1 of Part I “Business—Executive Ofﬁcers of the
Registrant.” Information required by Item 10 of Part III regarding our Directors and any material changes to the process by which security holders may
recommend nominees to the Board of Directors is included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and is incorporated
herein by reference. Information relating to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and to compliance with Section 16(a) of the 1934 Act is set forth in our
Proxy Statement relating to our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. To the extent permissible under NASDAQ
rules, we intend to disclose amendments to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as well as waivers of the provisions thereof, on our investor relations
website under the heading “Corporate Governance” at www.amazon.com/ir.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
Information required by Item 11 of Part H1 is included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated
herein by reference.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneﬁcial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters
Information required by Item 12 of Part H1 is included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated
herein by reference.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Information required by Item 13 of Part H1 is included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated
herein by reference.
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services
Information required by Item 14 of Part H1 is included in our Proxy Statement relating our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated
herein by reference.
73