Table of Contents
Critical Accounting Judgments
The preparation of ﬁnancial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States (“GAAP”) requires estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in
the consolidated ﬁnancial statements and accompanying notes. The SEC has deﬁned a company’s critical accounting policies as the ones that are most
important to the portrayal of the company’s ﬁnancial condition and results of operations, and which require the company to make its most difficult and
subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this deﬁnition, we have identiﬁed the
critical accounting policies and judgments addressed below. We also have other key accounting policies, which involve the use of estimates, judgments, and
assumptions that are signiﬁcant to understanding our results. For additional information, see Item 8 of Part II, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
—Note 1—Description of Business and Accounting Policies.” Although we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, they are
based upon information presently available. Actual results may differ signiﬁcantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments, or
conditions.
Inventories
Inventories, consisting of products available for sale, are primarily accounted for using the ﬁrst-in ﬁrst-out method, and are valued at the lower of cost
or market value. This valuation requires us to make judgments, based on currently available information, about the likely method of disposition, such as
through sales to individual customers, returns to product vendors, or liquidations, and expected recoverable values of each disposition category. These
assumptions about ﬁlture disposition of inventory are inherently uncertain and changes in our estimates and assumptions may cause us to realize material
write-downs in the future. As a measure of sensitivity, for every 1% of additional inventory valuation allowance as of December 31, 2016, we would have
recorded an additional cost of sales of approximately $130 million.
In addition, we enter into supplier commitments for certain electronic device components. These commitments are based on forecasted customer
demand. If we reduce these commitments, we may incur additional costs.
Income Taxes
We are subject to income taxes in the US. (federal and state) and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices in
various jurisdictions may be subject to signiﬁcant change, with or Without notice, due to economic, political, and other conditions, and signiﬁcant judgment
is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals for these taxes. There are many transactions that occur during the ordinary course of
business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our effective tax rates could be affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in
jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory rates, losses incurred in
jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize the related tax beneﬁt, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, entry into new businesses and
geographies and changes to our existing businesses, acquisitions (including integrations) and investments, changes in our stock price, changes in our
deferred tax assets and liabilities and their valuation, and changes in the relevant tax, accounting, and other laws, regulations, administrative practices,
principles, and interpretations, including fundamental changes to the tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. The US, the European Union and its
member states, and a number of other countries are actively pursuing changes in this regard.
Except as required under US. tax laws, we do not provide for US. taxes on our undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that have not been
previously taxed since we intend to invest such undistributed earnings indeﬁnitely outside of the US. If our intent changes or if these ﬁlnds are needed for
our US. operations, we would be required to accrue or pay U.S. taxes on some or all of these undistributed earnings and our effective tax rate would be
adversely aﬁ‘ected. We are also currently subject to audit in various jurisdictions, and these jurisdictions may assess additional income tax liabilities against
us. Developments in an audit, litigation, or the relevant laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations could have a material effect
on our operating results or cash ﬂows in the period or periods for which that development occurs, as well as for prior and subsequent periods. For instance, the
IRS is seeking to increase our US. taxable income related to transfer pricing with our foreign subsidiaries for transactions undertaken in 2005 and 2006, and
we are currently contesting the matter in US. Tax Court. In addition to the risk of additional tax for 2005 and 2006 transactions, if this litigation is adversely
determined or if the IRS were to seek transfer pricing adjustments of a similar nature for transactions in subsequent years, we could be subject to signiﬁcant
additional tax liabilities. In addition, in October 2014, the European Commission opened a formal investigation to examine whether decisions by the tax
authorities in Luxembourg with regard to the corporate income tax paid by certain of our subsidiaries comply with European Union rules on state aid. If this
matter is adversely resolved, Luxembourg may be required to assess, and we may be required to pay, additional amounts with respect to current and prior
periods and our taxes in the future could increase. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the ﬁnal outcome of tax audits, investigations, and
any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals.
20