Table of Contents
Cost of Sales
Cost of sales primarily consists of the purchase price of consumer products, digital media content costs where we record revenue gross, including Prime
Video and Prime Music, packaging supplies, sortation and delivery centers and related equipment costs, and inbound and outbound shipping costs,
including where we are the transportation service provider. Shipping costs to receive products from our suppliers are included in our inventory, and
recognized as cost of sales upon sale of products to our customers. Payment processing and related transaction costs, including those associated with seller
transactions, are classiﬁed in “Fulﬁllment” on our consolidated statements of operations.
Vendor Agreements
We have agreements with our vendors to receive funds for advertising services, cooperative marketing efforts, promotions, and volume rebates. We
generally consider amounts received from vendors to be a reduction of the prices we pay for their goods, including property and equipment, or services, and
therefore record those amounts as a reduction of the cost of inventory, cost of services, or cost of property and equipment. Vendor rebates are typically
dependent upon reaching minimum purchase thresholds. We evaluate the likelihood of reaching purchase thresholds using past experience and current year
forecasts. When volume rebates can be reasonably estimated, we record a portion of the rebate as we make progress towards the purchase threshold.
When we receive direct reimbursements for costs incurred by us in advertising the vendor’s product or service, the amount we receive is recorded as an
offset to “Marketing” on our consolidated statements of operations.
Fulfillment
Fulﬁllment costs primarily consist of those costs incurred in operating and staffing our North America and International segments’ fulﬁllment and
customer service centers, including costs attributable to buying, receiving, inspecting, and warehousing inventories; picking, packaging, and preparing
customer orders for shipment; payment processing and related transaction costs, including costs associated with our guarantee for certain seller transactions;
responding to inquiries from customers; and supply chain management for our manufactured electronic devices. Fulﬁllment costs also include amounts paid
to third parties that assist us in fulﬁllment and customer service operations.
Marketing
Marketing costs primarily consist of targeted online advertising, television advertising, public relations expenditures, and payroll and related expenses
for personnel engaged in marketing and selling activities. We pay commissions to participants in our Associates program when their customer referrals result
in product sales and classify such costs as “Marketing” on our consolidated statements of operations. We also participate in cooperative advertising
arrangements with certain of our vendors, and other third parties.
Advertising and other promotional costs are expensed as incurred and were $3.3 billion, $3.8 billion, and $5.0 billion in 2014, 2015, and 2016. Prepaid
advertising costs were not signiﬁcant as of December 31, 2015 and 2016.
Technology and Content
Technology costs consist principally of research and development activities including payroll and related expenses for employees involved in
application, production, maintenance, operation, and development of new and existing products and services, as well as AWS and other technology
infrastructure costs.
Content costs consist principally of payroll and related expenses for employees involved in category expansion, editorial content, buying, and
merchandising selection.
Technology and content costs are expensed as incurred, except for certain costs relating to the development of internal-use software and website
development, including software used to upgrade and enhance our websites and applications supporting our business, which are capitalized and amortized
over two years.
General and Administrative
General and administrative expenses primarily consist of payroll and related expenses; facilities and equipment, such as depreciation expense and rent;
professional fees and litigation costs; and other general corporate costs for corporate functions, including accounting, ﬁnance, tax, legal, and human
resources, among others.
43