Table of Contents
Our computer and communications systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by ﬁre, ﬂood, power loss, telecommunications failure,
earthquakes, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, and similar events or disruptions. Any of these events
could cause system interruption, delays, and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from accepting and fulﬁlling customer orders and providing services,
which could make our product and service offerings less attractive and subject us to liability. Our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery
planning may not be sufﬁcient. In addition, we may have inadequate insurance coverage to compensate for any related losses. Any of these events could
damage our reputation and be expensive to remedy.
We Face Significant Inventory Risk
In addition to risks described elsewhere in this Item 1A relating to fulﬁllment network and inventory optimization by us and third parties, we are
exposed to signiﬁcant inventory risks that may adversely affect our operating results as a result of seasonality, new product launches, rapid changes in
product cycles and pricing, defective merchandise, changes in consumer demand and consumer spending patterns, changes in consumer tastes with respect to
our products, and other factors. We endeavor to accurately predict these trends and avoid overstocking or understocking products we manufacture and/ or sell.
Demand for products, however, can change signiﬁcantly between the time inventory or components are ordered and the date of sale. In addition, when we
begin selling or manufacturing a new product, it may be diﬁicult to establish vendor relationships, determine appropriate product or component selection,
and accurately forecast demand. The acquisition of certain types of inventory or components may require signiﬁcant lead-time and prepayment and they may
not be returnable. We carry a broad selection and signiﬁcant inventory levels of certain products, such as consumer electronics, and we may be unable to sell
products in sufﬁcient quantities or during the relevant selling seasons. Any one of the inventory risk factors set forth above may adversely affect our
operating results.
We May Not Be Able to Adequately Protect Our Intellectual Property Rights or May Be Accused of Infringing Intellectual Property Rights of Third
Parties
We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technology, and similar intellectual property as
critical to our success, and we rely on trademark, copyright, and patent law, trade secret protection, and conﬁdentiality and/or license agreements with our
employees, customers, and others to protect our proprietary rights. Effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which
our products and services are made available. We also may not be able to acquire or maintain appropriate domain names in all countries in which we do
business. Furthermore, regulations governing domain names may not protect our trademarks and similar proprietary rights. We may be unable to prevent third
parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, inﬁinge upon, or diminish the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights.
We may not be able to discover or determine the extent of any unauthorized use of our proprietary rights. Third parties that license our proprietary
rights also may take actions that diminish the value of our proprietary rights or reputation. The protection of our intellectual property may require the
expenditure of signiﬁcant ﬁnancial and managerial resources. Moreover, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately protect our
rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our proprietary rights. We also cannot be certain that others will not independently develop
or otherwise acquire equivalent or superior technology or other intellectual property rights.
Other parties also may claim that we infringe their proprietary rights. We have been subject to, and expect to continue to be subject to, claims and legal
proceedings regarding alleged inﬁingement by us of the intellectual property rights of third parties. Such claims, whether or not meritorious, may result in the
expenditure of signiﬁcant ﬁnancial and managerial resources, injunctions against us, or the payment of damages, including to satisfy indemniﬁcation
obligations. We may need to obtain licenses from third parties who allege that we have inﬁinged their rights, but such licenses may not be available on terms
acceptable to us or at all. In addition, we may not be able to obtain or utilize on terms that are favorable to us, or at all, licenses or other rights with respect to
intellectual property we do not own. These risks have been ampliﬁed by the increase in third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims.
Our digital content offerings depend in part on effective digital rights management technology to control access to digital content. If the digital rights
management technology that we use is compromised or otherwise malﬁinctions, we could be subject to claims, and content providers may be unwilling to
include their content in our service.
We Have a Rapidly Evolving Business Model and Our Stock Price Is Highly Volatile
We have a rapidly evolving business model. The trading price of our common stock ﬂuctuates signiﬁcantly in response to, among other risks, the risks
described elsewhere in this Item 1A, as well as:
- changes in interest rates;
- conditions or trends in the Internet and the industry segments we operate in;
1 1