Table of Contents
Content Creators
We serve authors and independent publishers with Kindle Direct Publishing, an online service that lets independent authors and publishers choose a
70% royalty option and make their books available in the Kindle Store, along with Amazon’s own publishing arm, Amazon Publishing. We also offer
programs that allow authors, musicians, ﬁlmmakers, app developers, and others to publish and sell content.
Competition
Our businesses encompass a large variety of product types, service offerings, and delivery channels. The international marketplace in which we
compete is evolving rapidly and intensely competitive, and we face a broad array of competitors from many different industry sectors around the world. Our
current and potential competitors include: (1) online, ofﬂine, and multichannel retailers, publishers, vendors, distributors, manufacturers, and producers of the
products we offer and sell to consumers and businesses; (2) publishers, producers, and distributors of physical, digital, and interactive media of all types and
all distribution channels; (3) web search engines, comparison shopping websites, social networks, web portals, and other online and app-based means of
discovering, using, or acquiring goods and services, either directly or in collaboration with other retailers; (4) companies that provide e-commerce services,
including website development, advertising, fulﬁllment, customer service, and payment processing; (5) companies that provide fulﬁllment and logistics
services for themselves or for third parties, whether online or ofﬂine; (6) companies that provide information technology services or products, including on-
premises or cloud-based infrastructure and other services; and (7) companies that design, manufacture, market, or sell consumer electronics,
telecommunication, and electronic devices. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our retail businesses include selection, price, and
convenience, including fast and reliable fulﬁllment. Additional competitive factors for our seller and enterprise services include the quality, speed, and
reliability of our services and tools, as well as customers’ ability and willingness to change business practices. Some of our current and potential competitors
have greater resources, longer histories, more customers, greater brand recognition, and greater control over inputs critical to our various businesses. They
may secure better terms from suppliers, adopt more aggressive pricing, pursue restrictive distribution agreements that restrict our access to supply, direct
consumers to their own offerings instead of ours, lock-in potential customers with restrictive terms, and devote more resources to technology, infrastructure,
ﬁllﬁllment, and marketing. Each of our businesses is also subject to rapid change and the development of new business models and the entry of new and well-
ﬁJnded competitors. Other companies also may enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions.
Intellectual Property
We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technologies, and similar intellectual
property as critical to our success, and we rely on trademark, copyright, and patent law, trade-secret protection, and conﬁdentiality and/or license agreements
with our employees, customers, partners, and others to protect our proprietary rights. We have registered, or applied for the registration of, a number of US.
and international domain names, trademarks, service marks, and copyrights. Additionally, we have ﬁled US. and international patent applications covering
certain of our proprietary technology. We have licensed in the past, and expect that we may license in the future, certain of our proprietary rights to third
parties.
Seasonality
Our business is affected by seasonality, which historically has resulted in higher sales volume during our fourth quarter, which ends December 31. We
recognized 33%, 33%, and 32% of our annual revenue during the fourth quarter of 2014, 2015, and 2016.
Employees
We employed approximately 341,400 lull—time and part—time employees as of December 31, 2016. However, employment levels ﬂuctuate due to
seasonal factors affecting our business. Additionally, we utilize independent contractors and temporary personnel to supplement our workforce. We have
works councils, statutory employee representation obligations, and union agreements in certain countries outside the United States. We consider our
employee relations to be good. Competition for qualiﬁed personnel in our industry has historically been intense, particularly for software engineers,
computer scientists, and other technical staff.
Available Information
Our investor relations website is www.amazon.com/ir and we encourage investors to use it as a way of easily ﬁnding information about us. We promptly
make available on this website, free of charge, the reports that we ﬁle or furnish with the
4