Table of Contents
0 quarterly variations in operating results;
° ﬂuctuations in the stock market in general and market prices for Intemet-related companies in particular;
- changes in ﬁnancial estimates by us or securities analysts and recommendations by securities analysts;
- changes in our capital structure, including issuance of additional debt or equity to the public;
- changes in the valuation methodology of, or performance by, other e-commerce or technology companies; and
- transactions in our common stock by major investors and certain analyst reports, news, and speculation.
Volatility in our stock price could adversely affect our business and ﬁnancing opportunities and force us to increase our cash compensation to
employees or grant larger stock awards than we have historically, which could hurt our operating results or reduce the percentage ownership of our existing
stockholders, or both.
Government Regulation Is Evolving and Unfavorable Changes Could Harm Our Business
We are subject to general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws speciﬁcally governing the Internet, e-commerce, electronic
devices, and other services. Existing and future laws and regulations may impede our growth. These regulations and laws may cover taxation, privacy, data
protection, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, mobile communications, electronic device certiﬁcation, electronic waste, energy consumption,
environmental regulation, electronic contracts and other communications, competition, consumer protection, trade and protectionist measures, web services,
the provision of online payment services, information reporting requirements, unencumbered Internet access to our services or access to our facilities, the
design and operation of websites, the characteristics and quality of products and services, and the commercial operation of unmanned aircraft systems. It is
not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, libel, and personal privacy apply to the Internet, e-commerce, digital content, and
web services. Jurisdictions may regulate consumer-to-consumer online businesses, including certain aspects of our seller programs. Unfavorable regulations
and laws could diminish the demand for, or availability of, our products and services and increase our cost of doing business.
We Could Be Subject to Additional Sales Tax or Other Indirect Tax Liabilities
An increasing number of states and foreign jurisdictions have considered or adopted laws or administrative practices, with or without notice, that
impose additional obligations on remote sellers and online marketplaces to collect transaction taxes such as sales, consumption, value added, or similar
taxes. We may not have sufﬁcient lead time to build systems and processes to collect these taxes. Failure to comply with such laws or administrative
practices, or a successful assertion by such states or foreign jurisdictions requiring us to collect taxes where we do not, could result in substantial tax
liabilities, including for past sales, as well as penalties and interest. In addition, if the tax authorities in jurisdictions Where we are already subject to sales tax
or other indirect tax obligations were successﬁilly to challenge our positions, our tax liability could increase substantially. In the U.S., Supreme Court
decisions restrict states’ rights to require remote sellers to collect state and local sales taxes (although some states are seeking to have the Supreme Court
revisit these decisions). We support a federal law that would allow states to require sales tax collection by remote sellers under a nationwide system.
We are also subject to U.S. (federal and state) and foreign laws, regulations, and administrative practices that require us to collect information from our
customers, vendors, merchants, and other third parties for tax reporting purposes and report such information to various government agencies. The scope of
such requirements continues to expand, requiring us to develop and implement new compliance systems. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations
could result in signiﬁcant penalties.
We Could Be Subject to Additional Income Tax Liabilities
We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. (federal and state) and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices in
various jurisdictions may be subject to signiﬁcant change, with or without notice, due to economic, political, and other conditions, and signiﬁcant judgment
is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals for these taxes. There are many transactions that occur during the ordinary course of
business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our effective tax rates could be affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in
jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory rates, losses incurred in
jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize the related tax beneﬁt, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, entry into new businesses and
geographies and changes to our existing businesses, acquisitions (including integrations) and investments, changes in our stock price, changes in our
deferred tax assets and liabilities and their valuation, and changes in the relevant tax, accounting, and other laws, regulations, administrative practices,
principles, and interpretations, including fundamental changes to the tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. The U.S., the European Union and its
member states, and a number of other countries are actively pursuing changes in this regard.
Except as required under U.S. tax laws, we do not provide for U.S. taxes on our undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that have not been
previously taxed since we intend to invest such undistributed earnings indeﬁnitely outside of the
12