Table of Contents
2015, and 2016. During 2014, cash inﬂows from ﬁnancing activities consisted primarily of net proceeds from the issuance of $6.0 billion of senior
nonconvertible unsecured debt in ﬁve tranches maturing in 2019 through 2044. See Item 8 of Part H, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 5
—Long-Term Debt” for additional discussion of the notes. Tax beneﬁts relating to excess stock-based compensation deductions are presented as ﬁnancing
cash ﬂows. Cash inﬂows from tax beneﬁts related to stock-based compensation deductions were $6 million, $119 million, and $829 million in 2014, 2015,
and 201 6.
We had no borrowings outstanding under our $3 .0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Credit Agreement”) and $495 million of borrowings
outstanding under our $500 million secured revolving credit facility (the “Credit Facility”) as of December 31, 2016. See Item 8 of Part H, “Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 5—Long-Term Debt” for additional information.
In 2014, 2015, and 2016, we recorded net tax provisions of $ 1 67 million, $950 million, and $1.4 billion. Except as required under US. tax laws, we do
not provide for US. taxes on our undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that have not been previously taxed since we intend to invest such
undistributed earnings indeﬁnitely outside of the US. If our intent changes or if these funds are needed for our US. operations, we would be required to
accrue or pay U.S. taxes on some or all of these undistributed earnings, and our effective tax rate would be adversely affected. As of December 31, 2016, cash,
cash equivalents, and marketable securities held by foreign subsidiaries was $8.6 billion, which included undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries
indeﬁnitely invested outside of the US. of $2.8 billion. We have tax beneﬁts relating to excess stock-based compensation deductions and accelerated
depreciation deductions that are being utilized to reduce our US. taxable income. In December 2015, US. legislation was enacted that extended accelerated
depreciation deductions on qualifying property through 2019. Cash taxes paid (net of reﬁinds) were $177 million, $273 million, and $412 million for 2014,
2015, and 2016. As of December 31, 2016, our federal net operating loss carryforward was approximately $76 million and we had approximately $608
million of federal tax credits potentially available to offset future tax liabilities. Our federal tax credits are primarily related to the US. federal research and
development credit. As we utilize our federal net operating losses and tax credits, we expect cash paid for taxes to signiﬁcantly increase. We endeavor to
manage our global taxes on a cash basis, rather than on a ﬁnancial reporting basis.
Our liquidity is also affected by restricted cash balances that are pledged as collateral for standby and trade letters of credit, guarantees, debt, and real
estate leases. To the extent we process payments for third-party sellers or offer certain types of stored value to our customers, some jurisdictions may restrict
our use of those funds. These restrictions would result in the reclassiﬁcation of a portion of our cash and cash equivalents from “Cash and cash equivalents”
to restricted cash, which is classiﬁed within “Accounts receivable, net and other” on our consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2015 and 2016,
restricted cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were $285 million and $600 million. See Item 8 of Part H, “Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data—Note 7—Commitments and Contingencies” for additional discussion of our principal contractual commitments, as well as our pledged
assets. Purchase obligations and open purchase orders, consisting of inventory and signiﬁcant non-inventory commitments, were $8.5 billion as of
December 31, 2016. Purchase obligations and open purchase orders are generally cancellable in full or in part through the contractual provisions.
On average, our high inventory velocity means we generally collect from consumers before our payments to suppliers come due. We expect variability
in inventory turnover over time since it is affected by several factors, including our product mix, the mix of sales by us and by third—party sellers, our
continuing focus on in—stock inventory availability and selection of product offerings, our investment in new geographies and product lines, and the extent
to which we choose to utilize third-party fulﬁllment providers.
We believe that cash ﬂows generated from operations and our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, as well as borrowing available
under our credit agreements, will be sufﬁcient to meet our anticipated operating cash needs for at least the next 12 months, which includes the maturation of
$1.0 billion of our unsecured senior notes. However, any projections of future cash needs and cash ﬂows are subject to substantial uncertainty. See Item 1A of
Part 1, “Risk Factors.” We continually evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, obtain capital, ﬁnance, and
operating lease arrangements, repurchase common stock, pay dividends, or repurchase, reﬁnance, or otherwise restructure our debt for strategic reasons or to
ﬁlrther strengthen our ﬁnancial position.
The sale of additional equity or convertible debt securities would likely be dilutive to our shareholders. In addition, we will, from time to time, consider
the acquisition of, or investment in, complementary businesses, products, services, capital infrastructure, and technologies, which might affect our liquidity
requirements or cause us to secure additional ﬁnancing, or issue additional equity or debt securities. There can be no assurance that additional credit lines or
ﬁnancing instruments will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all.
22