Table of Contents
US. If our intent changes or if these funds are needed for our US. operations, we would be required to accrue or pay U.S. taxes on some or all of these
undistributed earnings and our effective tax rate would be adversely affected. We are also currently subject to audit in various jurisdictions, and these
jurisdictions may assess additional income tax liabilities against us. Developments in an audit, litigation, or the relevant laws, regulations, administrative
practices, principles, and interpretations could have a material effect on our operating results or cash ﬂows in the period or periods for which that
development occurs, as well as for prior and subsequent periods. For instance, the IRS is seeking to increase our US. taxable income related to transfer pricing
with our foreign subsidiaries for transactions undertaken in 2005 and 2006, and we are currently contesting the matter in US. Tax Court. In addition to the
risk of additional tax for 2005 and 2006 transactions, if this litigation is adversely determined or if the IRS were to seek transfer pricing adjustments of a
similar nature for transactions in subsequent years, we could be subject to signiﬁcant additional tax liabilities. In addition, in October 2014, the European
Commission opened a formal investigation to examine whether decisions by the tax authorities in Luxembourg with regard to the corporate income tax paid
by certain of our subsidiaries comply with European Union rules on state aid. If this matter is adversely resolved, Luxembourg may be required to assess, and
we may be required to pay, additional amounts with respect to current and prior periods and our taxes in the future could increase. Although we believe our
tax estimates are reasonable, the ﬁnal outcome of tax audits, investigations, and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income
tax provisions and accruals.
Our Supplier Relationships Subject Us to a Number of Risks
We have signiﬁcant suppliers, including licensors, and in some cases, limited or single-sources of supply, that are important to our sourcing, services,
manufacturing, and any related ongoing servicing of merchandise and content. We do not have long-term arrangements with most of our suppliers to
guarantee availability of merchandise, content, components, or services, particularpayment terms, or the extension of credit limits. Ifour current suppliers
were to stop selling or licensing merchandise, content, components, or services to us on acceptable terms, or delay delivery, including as a result of one or
more supplier bankruptcies due to poor economic conditions, as a result of natural disasters, or for other reasons, we may be unable to procure alternatives
from other suppliers in a timely and efﬁcient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, if our suppliers or other vendors violate applicable laws,
regulations, our code of standards and responsibilities, or implement practices regarded as unethical, unsafe, or hazardous to the environment, it could
damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results.
We May Be Subject to Risks Related to Government Contracts and Related Procurement Regulations
Our contracts with U.S., as well as state, local, and foreign, government entities are subject to various procurement regulations and other requirements
relating to their formation, administration, and performance. We may be subject to audits and investigations relating to our government contracts, and any
violations could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contract, refunding or suspending of
payments, forfeiture of proﬁts, payment of ﬁnes, and suspension or debarment from future government business. In addition, such contracts may provide for
termination by the government at any time, without cause.
We May Be Subject to Product Liability Claims if People or Property Are Harmed by the Products We Sell or Manufacture
Some of the products we sell or manufacture may expose us to product liability claims relating to personal injury, death, or environmental or property
damage, and may require product recalls or other actions. Certain third parties also sell products using our e-commerce services that may increase our
exposure to product liability claims, such as if these sellers do not have sufﬁcient protection from such claims. Although we maintain liability insurance, we
cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically
reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, some of our agreements with our vendors and sellers do not indemnify us from product liability.
We Are Subject to Payments-Related Risks
We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit card, debit card, credit accounts (including promotional ﬁnancing), gift cards, direct
debit from a customer’s bank account, consumer invoicing, physical bank check, and payment upon delivery. For existing and future payment options we
offer to our customers, we may become subject to additional regulations and compliance requirements (including obligations to implement enhanced
authentication processes that could result in signiﬁcant costs and reduce the ease of use of our payments products), as well as fraud. For certain payment
methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower
proﬁtability. We rely on third parties to provide certain Amazon-branded payment methods and payment processing services, including the processing of
credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, and promotional ﬁnancing. In each case, it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or
unable to provide these services to us. We also offer co—
13