Table of Contents
AWS services. Included in “Other long-term liabilities” on our consolidated balance sheets was $244 million and $499 million of unearned revenue as of
December 31, 2015 and 2016.
Foreign Currency
We have intemationally-focused websites for Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands, Spain,
and the United Kingdom Net sales generated from these websites, as well as most of the related expenses directly incurred from those operations, are
denominated in local functional currencies. The functional currency of our subsidiaries that either operate or support these websites is generally the same as
the local currency. Assets and liabilities of these subsidiaries are translated into US. Dollars at period-end foreign exchange rates, and revenues and expenses
are translated at average rates prevailing throughout the period. Translation adjustments are included in “Accumulated other comprehensive loss,” a separate
component of stockholders’ equity, and in the “Foreign currency effect on cash and cash equivalents,” on our consolidated statements of cash ﬂows.
Transaction gains and losses including intercompany transactions denominated in a currency other than the ﬁlnctional currency of the entity involved are
included in “Other income (expense), net” on our consolidated statements of operations. In connection with the settlement and remeasurement of
intercompany balances, we recorded losses of $98 million and $215 million in 2014 and 2015, and recorded a gain of $62 million in 2016.
Recent Accounting Prono uncements
In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued an Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) amending revenue recognition
guidance and requiring more detailed disclosures to enable users of ﬁnancial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue
and cash ﬂows arising from contracts with customers. In August 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date of the revenue recognition guidance to reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. As we evaluate the impact
of this ASU, the more signiﬁcant changes that we have identiﬁed relate to the timing of when we recognize revenue and the gross amount of revenue that we
present. We expect timing changes to include Amazon—branded electronic devices sold through retailers, which will be recognized at the point of sale to the
retailer rather than to end customers, and the unredeemed portion of our gift cards, which we will begin to recognize over the expected customer redemption
period, which is substantially within nine months, rather than waiting until gift cards expire or when the likelihood of redemption becomes remote, generally
two years from the date of issuance. In addition, we anticipate that certain advertising services will be classiﬁed as revenue rather than a reduction in cost of
sales. We are continuing to evaluate the impact this ASU, and related amendments and interpretive guidance, will have on our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements. We plan to adopt this ASU beginning in Q1 2018 with a cumulative adjustment to retained earnings as opposed to retrospectively adjusting prior
periods.
In July 2015, the FASB issued an ASU modifying the accounting for inventory. Under this ASU, the measurement principle for inventory will change
from lower of cost or market value to lower of cost and net realizable value. The ASU deﬁnes net realizable value as the estimated selling price in the ordinary
course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The ASU is applicable to inventory that is accounted for
under the ﬁrst-in, ﬁrst-out method and is effective for reporting periods after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We do not expect adoption
to have a material impact on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In November 2015, the FASB issued an ASU amending the accounting for income taxes and requiring all deferred tax assets and liabilities to be
classiﬁed as non-current on the consolidated balance sheets. We adopted this ASU in Q1 2016 and retrospectively adjusted prior periods. Upon adoption,
current deferred tax assets of $769 million and current deferred tax liabilities of $ 1 3 million in our December 31, 2015 consolidated balance sheet were
reclassiﬁed as non-current.
In February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU amending the accounting for leases. The new guidance requires the recognition of lease assets and liabilities
for operating leases with terms of more than 12 months, in addition to those currently recorded, on our consolidated balance sheets. Presentation of leases
within the consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of cash ﬂows will be generally consistent with the current lease accounting
guidance. The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the
impact and expect the ASU will have a material impact on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements, primarily to the consolidated balance sheets and related
disclosures.
In March 2016, the FASB issued an ASU amending the accounting for stock-based compensation and requiring excess tax beneﬁts and deﬁciencies to
be recognized as a component of income tax expense rather than equity. This guidance also requires excess tax beneﬁts and deﬁciencies to be presented as an
operating activity on the statement of cash ﬂows and allows an entity to make an accounting policy election to either estimate expected forfeitures or to
account for them as they occur. The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We will adopt
this ASU in the ﬁrst quarter of 2017 by recording the cumulative impact of applying this guidance to retained earnings, which we estimate will increase by
approximately $700 million, and we will continue to estimate expected forfeitures.
48