Table of Contents
AMAZON.COM, INC.
PART I
Item 1. Business
This Annual Report on Form 1 0—K and the documents incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements based on expectations,
estimates, and projections as of the date of this ﬁling. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. See Item 1A
of Part 1— “Risk Factors. ”
Amazon.com, Inc. was incorporated in 1994 in the state of Washington and reincorporated in 1996 in the state of Delaware. Our principal corporate
ofﬁces are located in Seattle, Washington. We completed our initial public offering in May 1997 and our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global
Select Market under the symbol “AMZN.”
As used herein, “Amazon.com,” “we,” “our,” and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise.
General
Amazon.com opened its virtual doors on the World Wide Web in July 1995. We seek to be Earth’s most customer-centric company. We are guided by
four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. In
each of our segments, we serve our primary customer sets, consisting of consumers, sellers, developers, enterprises, and content creators. In addition, we
provide services, such as advertising services and co-branded credit card agreements.
We have organized our operations into three segments: North America, International, and Amazon Web Services (“AWS”). These segments reﬂect the
way the Company evaluates its business performance and manages its operations. Additional information on our operating segments and product information
is contained in Item 8 of Part II, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 11—Segment Information.” See Item 7 of Part H, “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Results of Operations—Supplemental Information” for supplemental
information about our net sales. Our company-sponsored research and development expense is set forth within “Technology and content” in Item 8 of Part II,
“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Consolidated Statements of Operations.”
Consumers
We serve consumers through our retail websites and focus on selection, price, and convenience. We design our websites to enable hundreds of millions
of unique products to be sold by us and by third parties across dozens of product categories. Customers access our websites directly and through our mobile
websites and apps. We also manufacture and sell electronic devices, including Kindle e-readers, Fire tablets, Fire TVs, and Echo, and we develop and produce
media content. We strive to offer our customers the lowest prices possible through low everyday product pricing and shipping offers, and to improve our
operating eﬁiciencies so that we can continue to lower prices for our customers. We also provide easy-to-use functionality, fast and reliable fulﬁllment, and
timely customer service. In addition, we offer Amazon Prime, an annual membership program that includes unlimited free shipping on tens of millions of
items, access to unlimited instant streaming of thousands of movies and TV episodes, and other beneﬁts.
We fulﬁll customer orders in a number of ways, including through: North America and International fulﬁllment and delivery networks that we operate;
co—sourced and outsourced arrangements in certain countries; and digital delivery. We operate customer service centers globally, which are supplemented by
co—sourced arrangements. See Item 2 of Part 1, “Properties.”
Sellers
We offer programs that enable sellers to grow their businesses, sell their products on our websites and their own branded websites, and ﬁilﬁll orders
through us. We are not the seller of record in these transactions. We earn ﬁxed fees, a percentage of sales, per-unit activity fees, interest, or some combination
thereof, for our seller programs.
Developers and Enterprises
We serve developers and enterprises of all sizes, including start-ups, government agencies, and academic institutions, through our AWS segment, which
offers a broad set of global compute, storage, database, and other service offerings.
3