Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Amazon.com, Inc.
We have audited Amazon.com, Inc.’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control
—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria).
Amazon.com, Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as
we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
A company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of ﬁnancial
reporting and the preparation of ﬁnancial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s
internal control over ﬁnancial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of ﬁnancial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
ﬁnancial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, Amazon.com, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based
on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance
sheets of Amazon.com, Inc. as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss),
stockholders’ equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 of Amazon.com, Inc. and our report dated February 9,
2017 expressed an unqualiﬁed opinion thereon.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
Seattle, Washington
February 9, 2017
72