Table of Contents
Because of our model we are able to turn our inventory quickly and have a cash—generating operating cycle3. On average, our high inventory velocity
means we generally collect from consumers before our payments to suppliers come due. We expect variability in inventory turnover over time since it is
affected by numerous factors, including our product mix, the mix of sales by us and by third-party sellers, our continuing focus on in-stock inventory
availability and selection of product offerings, our investment in new geographies and product lines, and the extent to which we choose to utilize third-party
ﬁllﬁllment providers. We also expect some variability in accounts payable days over time since they are affected by several factors, including the mix of
product sales, the mix of sales by third-party sellers, the mix of suppliers, seasonality, and changes in payment terms over time, including the effect of
balancing pricing and timing of payment terms with suppliers.
We expect spending in technology and content will increase over time as we add computer scientists, designers, software and hardware engineers, and
merchandising employees. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings
due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We seek to invest efﬁciently in several areas of technology and
content, includingAWS, and expansion of new and existing product categories and service oﬁ’erings, as well as in technology infrastructure to enhance the
customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. We believe that advances in technology, speciﬁcally the speed and reduced cost of processing
power and the advances of wireless connectivity, will continue to improve the consumer experience on the Internet and increase its ubiquity in people’s
lives. To best take advantage of these continued advances in technology, we are investing in initiatives to build and deploy innovative and efﬁcient software
and electronic devices. We are also investing in AWS, which offers a broad set of global compute, storage, database, and other service offerings to developers
and enterprises of all sizes.
We seek to efﬁciently manage shareholder dilution while maintaining the ﬂexibility to issue shares for strategic purposes, such as ﬁnancings,
acquisitions, and aligning employee compensation with shareholders ’ interests. We utilize restricted stock units as our primary vehicle for equity
compensation because we believe this compensation model aligns the long-term interests of our shareholders and employees. In measuring shareholder
dilution, we include all vested and unvested stock awards outstanding, without regard to estimated forfeitures. Total shares outstanding plus outstanding
stock awards were 490 million and 497 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2016.
Our ﬁnancial reporting currency is the U.S. Dollar and changes in foreign exchange rates signiﬁcantly aﬁ’ect our reported results and consolidated
trends. For example, if the U.S. Dollar weakens year-over—year relative to currencies in our international locations, our consolidated net sales and operating
expenses will be higher than if currencies had remained constant. Likewise, if the U.S. Dollar strengthens year-over—year relative to currencies in our
international locations, our consolidated net sales and operating expenses will be lower than if currencies had remained constant. We believe that our
increasing diversiﬁcation beyond the U.S. economy through our growing international businesses beneﬁts our shareholders over the long-term. We also
believe it is useful to evaluate our operating results and growth rates before and after the effect of currency changes.
In addition, the remeasurement of our intercompany balances can result in signiﬁcant gains and losses associated with the eﬁ‘ect of movements in
foreign currency exchange rates. Currency volatilities may continue, which may signiﬁcantly impact (either positively or negatively) our reported results and
consolidated trends and comparisons.
For additional information about each line item summarized above, refer to Item 8 of Part II, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 1—
Description of Business and Accounting Policies.”
(3) The operating cycle is the number of days of sales in inventory plus the number of days of sales in accounts receivable minus accounts payable days.
19