Table of Contents
We expect the total amount of tax contingencies will grow in 2017. In addition, changes in state, federal, and foreign tax laws may increase our tax
contingencies. The timing of the resolution of income tax examinations is highly uncertain, and the amounts ultimately paid, if any, upon resolution of the
issues raised by the taxing authorities may differ from the amounts accrued. It is reasonably possible that within the next 12 months we will receive
additional assessments by various tax authorities orpossibly reach resolution of income tax examinations in one or more jurisdictions. These assessments or
settlements may or may not result in changes to our contingencies related to positions on tax ﬁlings in years through 2016. The actual amount of any change
could vary signiﬁcantly depending on the ultimate timing and nature of any settlements. We cannot currently provide an estimate of the range of possible
outcomes.
Note 11—SEGMENT INFORMATION
We have organized our operations into three segments: North America, International, and AWS. We allocate to segment results the operating expenses
“Fulﬁllment,” “Marketing,” “Technology and content,” and “General and administrative” based on usage, which is generally reﬂected in the segment in
which the costs are incurred. The majority of technolo gy infrastructure costs are allocated to the AWS segment based on usage. The majority of the remaining
non-infrastructure technology costs are incurred in the US. and are allocated to our North America segment. In Q1 2016, we began allocating stock-based
compensation and “Other operating expense, net” to our segment results. In our segment results, these amounts are combined and titled “Stock-based
compensation and other.” There are no internal revenue transactions between our reportable segments. These segments reﬂect the way our chief operating
decision maker evaluates the Company’s business performance and manages its operations.
North America
The North America segment primarily consists of amounts earned from retail sales of consumer products (including from sellers) and subscriptions
through North America-focused websites such as www.amazon.com, www.amazon.ca, and www.amazon.commx. This segment includes export sales from
these websites.
International
The International segment primarily consists of amounts earned from retail sales of consumer products (including from sellers) and subscriptions
through internationally-focused websites such as www.amazon.com.au, www.amazon.combr, www.amazon.cn, www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.de,
www.amazon.in, www.amazon.it, www.amazon.co.jp, www.amazon.nl, www.amazones, and www.amazon.co.uk. This segment includes export sales from
these internationally-focused websites (including export sales from these sites to customers in the U.S., Mexico, and Canada), but excludes export sales from
our North American web sites.
A WS
The AWS segment consists of amounts earned from global sales of compute, storage, database, and other service offerings for start-ups, enterprises,
government agencies, and academic institutions.
66