Table of Contents
with respect to their review, which may result in the imposition of penalties. For additional information, see Item 9B of Part H, “Other Information —
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act.”
Legal Proceedings
The Company is involved from time to time in claims, proceedings, and litigation, including the following:
In November 2007, an Austrian copyright collection society, Austro—Mechana, ﬁled lawsuits against Amazon.com International Sales, Inc., Amazon EU
S.a r.l., Amazon.de GmbH, Amazon.com GmbH, and Amazon Logistik in the Commercial Court of Vienna, Austria and in the District Court of Munich,
Germany seeking to collect a tariff on blank digital media sold by our EU—based retail websites to customers located in Austria. In July 2008, the German
court stayed the German case pending a ﬁnal decision in the Austrian case. In July 2010, the Austrian court ruled in favor of Austro—Mechana and ordered us
to report all sales of products to which the tariff potentially applies for a determination of damages. We contested Austro-Mechana’s claim and in September
2010 commenced an appeal in the Commercial Court of Vienna. We lost this appeal and in March 2011 commenced an appeal in the Supreme Court of
Austria. In October 201 1, the Austrian Supreme Court referred the case to the European Court of Justice (“ECJ”). In July 2013, the ECJ ruled that EU law does
not preclude application of the tariff where certain conditions are met and directed the case back to the Austrian Supreme Court for further proceedings. In
October 2013, the Austrian Supreme Court referred the case back to the Commercial Court of Vienna for further fact ﬁnding to determine whether the tariff on
blank digital media meets the conditions set by the ECJ. In August 2015, the Commercial Court of Vienna ruled that the Austrian tariff regime does not meet
the conditions the ECJ set and dismissed Austro-Mechana’s claims. In September 2015, Austro-Mechana appealed that judgment to the Higher Commercial
Court of Vienna. In December 2015, the Higher Commercial Court of Vienna conﬁrmed that the Austrian tariff regime does not meet the conditions the ECJ
set and dismissed Austro-Mechana’s appeal. In February 2016, Austro-Mechana appealed that judgment to the Austrian Supreme Court. A number of
additional actions have been ﬁled making similar allegations. In December 2012, a German copyright collection society, Zentralstelle ﬁir private
Uberspielungsrechte (“ZPU”), ﬁled a complaint against Amazon EU S.a r.l., Amazon Media EU sa r.l., Amazon Services Europe S.a r.l., Amazon Payments
Europe SCA, Amazon Europe Holding Technologies SCS, and Amazon Eurasia Holdings sa r.l. in the District Court of Luxembourg seeking to collect a
tariff on blank digital media sold by the Amazon.de retail website to customers located in Germany. In January 2013, a Belgian copyright collection society,
AUVIBEL, ﬁled a complaint against Amazon EU S.a r.l. in the Court of First Instance of Brussels, Belgium, seeking to collect a tariff on blank digital media
sold by the Amazon.fr retail website to customers located in Belgium. In November 2013, the Belgian court ruled in favor of AUVIBEL and ordered us to
report all sales of products to which the tariff potentially applies for a determination of damages. We dispute the allegations of wrongdoing and intend to
defend ourselves vigorously in these matters.
In May 2009, Big Baboon, Inc. ﬁled a complaint against Amazon.com, Inc. and Amazon Payments, Inc. forpatent inﬁingement in the United States
District Court for the Central District of California. The complaint alleges, among other things, that our third-party selling and payments technology inﬁinges
patents owned by Big Baboon, Inc. purporting to cover an “Integrated Business-to-Business Web Commerce And Business Automation System” (US. Patent
Nos. 6,115,690 and 6,343,275) and seeks injunctive relief, monetary damages, treble damages, costs, and attomeys’ fees. In February 201 1, the court entered
an order staying the lawsuit pending the outcome of the United States Patent and Trademark Oﬁice’s re-examination of the patent. We dispute the allegations
of wrongdoing and intend to defend ourselves vigorously in this matter.
In June 2012, Hand Held Products, Inc., a subsidiary of Honeywell, ﬁled a complaint against Amazon.com, Inc., AMZN Mobile, LLC, AmazonFresh,
LLC, A9.com, Inc., A9 Innovations, LLC, and Quidsi, Inc. in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. The complaint alleges, among other
things, that the use of mobile barcode reader applications, including Amazon Mobile, Amazon Price Check, Flow, and AmazonFresh, inﬁinges US. Patent
No. 6,015,088, entitled “Decoding Of Real Time Video Imaging.” The complaint seeks an unspeciﬁed amount of damages, interest, and an injunction. In
March 2016, the district court granted our motion for summary judgment of non-inﬁingement and dismissed the case with prejudice. In April 2016, Hand
Held Products appealed the district court’s judgment to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. We dispute the allegations of wrongdoing
and intend to defend ourselves vigorously in this matter.
Beginning in August 2013, a number of complaints were ﬁled alleging, among other things, that Amazon.com, Inc. and several of its subsidiaries failed
to compensate hourly workers for time spent waiting in security lines and otherwise violated federal and state wage and hour statutes and common law. In
August 2013, Busk v. Integrity Stafﬁng Solutions, Inc. and Amazon.com, Inc. was ﬁled in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada, and
Vance V. Amazon.com, Inc., Zappos.com Inc., another afﬁliate of Amazon.com, Inc., and Kelly Services, Inc. was ﬁled in the United States District Court for
the Western District of Kentucky. In September 2013, Allison V. Amazon.com, Inc. and Integrity Stafﬁng Solutions, Inc. was ﬁled in the United States District
Court for the Western District of Washington, and Johnson V. Amazon.com, Inc. and an afﬁliate of Amazon.com, Inc. was ﬁled in the United States District
Court for the Western District of Kentucky. In October 2013, Davis V. Amazon.com, Inc., an afﬁliate of Amazon.com, Inc., and Integrity Stafﬁng Solutions,
Inc. was ﬁled in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee. The plaintiffs variously purport to represent a nationwide
5 8