Table of Contents
Based upon quoted market prices and Level 2 inputs, the fair value of our total debt was $9.3 billion as of December 31, 2016.
Foreign Exchange Risk
During 2016, net sales from our International segment accounted for 32% of our consolidated revenues. Net sales and related expenses generated from
our intemationally-focused websites, and from www.amazon.ca and www.amazon.com.mx (which are included in our North America segment), are primarily
denominated in the functional currencies of the corresponding websites and primarily include Euros, Japanese Yen, and British Pounds. The results of
operations of, and certain of our intercompany balances associated with, our intemationally-focused websites and AWS are exposed to foreign exchange rate
ﬂuctuations. Upon consolidation, as foreign exchange rates vary, net sales and other operating results may differ materially from expectations, and we may
record signiﬁcant gains or losses on the remeasurement of intercompany balances. For example, as a result of ﬂuctuations in foreign exchange rates during
2016, International segment net sales decreased by $489 million in comparison with the prior year.
We have foreign exchange risk related to foreign-denominated cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (“foreign funds”). Based on the
balance of foreign funds as of December 31, 2016, of $9.1 billion, an assumed 5%, 10%, and 20% adverse change to foreign exchange would result in fair
value declines of $455 million, $915 million, and $1.8 billion. All investments are classiﬁed as “available-for—sale.” Fluctuations in fair value are recorded in
“Accumulated other comprehensive loss,” a separate component of stockholders’ equity.
We have foreign exchange risk related to our intercompany balances denominated in various foreign currencies. Based on the intercompany balances
as of December 31, 2016, an assumed 5%, 10%, and 20% adverse change to foreign exchange would result in losses of $225 million, $476 million, and $1.1
billion, recorded to “Other income (expense), net.”
See Item 7 of Part H, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Results of Operations—Effect of
Foreign Exchange Rates” for additional information on the effect on reported results of changes in foreign exchange rates.
Investment Risk
As of December 31, 2016, our recorded value in equity and equity warrant investments in public and private companies was $467 million. We record
our equity and equity warrant investments in publicly traded companies at fair value, which is subject to market price volatility, and represents $242 million
of our investments as of December 31, 2016. We evaluate our equity and equity warrant investments in private companies for impairment when events and
circumstances indicate that the decline in fair value of such assets below the carrying value is other-than-temporary. Our analysis includes a review of recent
operating results and trends, recent sales/acquisitions of the investee securities, and other publicly available data. The current global economic climate
provides additional uncertainty. Valuations of private companies are inherently more complex due to the lack of readily available market data. As such, we
believe that market sensitivities are not practicable.
33