Table of Contents
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All
statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding guidance, industry prospects, or future results of operations or ﬁnancial
position, made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward—looking. We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, ﬁiture, intends, and similar
expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reﬂect management’s current expectations and are inherently uncertain.
Actual results could differ materially for a variety of reasons, including, among others, ﬂuctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global economic
conditions and customer spending, world events, the rate of growth of the Internet, online commerce, and cloud services, the amount that Amazon.com
invests in new business opportunities and the timing of those investments, the mix of products and services sold to customers, the mix of net sales derived
from products as compared with services, the extent to which we owe income or other taxes, competition, management of growth, potential ﬂuctuations in
operating results, international growth and expansion, the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, ﬂilﬁllment, sortation, delivery, and data center
optimization, risks of inventory management, seasonality, the degree to which we enter into, maintain, and develop commercial agreements, acquisitions and
strategic transactions, payments risks, and risks of fulﬁllment throughput and productivity. In addition, the current global economic climate ampliﬁes many
of these risks. These risks and uncertainties, as well as other risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ signiﬁcantly from
management’s expectations, are described in greater detail in Item 1A of Part I, “Risk Factors.”
Overview
Our primary source of revenue is the sale of a wide range of products and services to customers. The products offered on our consumer-facing websites
primarily include merchandise and content we have purchased for resale from vendors and those offered by third-party sellers, and we also manufacture and
sell electronic devices. Generally, we recognize gross revenue from items we sell from our inventory as product sales and recognize our net share of revenue
of items sold by third-party sellers as service sales. We also offer other services such as compute, storage, and database offerings, fulﬁllment, publishing,
certain digital content subscriptions, advertising, and co-branded credit cards.
Our ﬁnancial focus is on long-term, sustainable growth in free cash ﬂows] . Free cash ﬂows are driven primarily by increasing operating income and
efﬁciently managing working capital2 and cash capital expenditures, including our decision to purchase or lease property and equipment. Increases in
operating income primarily result from increases in sales of products and services and efﬁciently managing our operating costs, partially offset by
investments we make in longer-term strategic initiatives. To increase sales of products and services, we focus on improving all aspects of the customer
experience, including lowering prices, improving availability, offering faster delivery and performance times, increasing selection, increasing product
categories and service offerings, expanding product information, improving ease of use, improving reliability, and earning customer trust.
We seek to reduce our variable costs per unit and work to leverage our ﬁxed costs. Our variable costs include product and content costs, payment
processing and related transaction costs, picking, packaging, and preparing orders for shipment, transportation, customer service support, costs necessary to
run AWS, and a portion of our marketing costs. Our ﬁxed costs include the costs necessary to build and run our technology infrastructure; to build, enhance,
and add features to our websites and web services, our electronic devices, and digital offerings; and to build and optimize our fulﬁllment centers. Variable
costs generally change directly with sales volume, while ﬁxed costs generally are dependent on the timing of capacity needs, geographic expansion, category
expansion, and other factors. To decrease our variable costs on a per unit basis and enable us to lower prices for customers, we seek to increase our direct
sourcing, increase discounts from suppliers, and reduce defects in our processes. To minimize growth in ﬁxed costs, we seek to improve process efficiencies
and maintain a lean culture.
(1) See “Results of Operations—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below for additional information on our non-GAAP free cash ﬂows ﬁnancial measures.
(2) Working capital consists of accounts receivable, inventory, and accounts payable.
1 8