CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the US. (“U.S. GAAP”). Our significant accounting policies are disclosed in NOTE 2—Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies to our Consolidated Financial Statements and describe our methods for applying
U.S. GAAP in areas such as revenue recognition, deferred selling costs, fair value measurements, and foreign
currency translation among other areas deemed significant. In applying certain significant accounting policies,
we have to make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and
expenses, as well as related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. In some cases, changes in the
accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could differ
materially from our estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual
results, our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows could be adversely affected. We base our
estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and
we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. We refer to accounting estimates of this type as critical
accounting estimates, which we discuss further below. Critical accounting estimates are applied in the following
areas:
0 Revenue recognition;
° Goodwill and other long-lived assets;
° Share-based compensation;
- Income taxes; and
° Loss contingencies.
Revenue recognition
Application of accounting principles related to the measurement and recognition of revenue requires
judgment. For example, in transactions that include multiple elements, we must exercise judgment in determining
whether adequate vendor-speciﬁc objective evidence (“VSOE”) of fair value exists for each undelivered element.
Changes to the elements in a transaction, the ability to identify VSOE for those elements, and changes in the fair
value of the respective elements could materially impact the amount of earned and unearned revenue.
In addition, complex arrangements with nonstandard terms and conditions may require significant contract
interpretation to determine appropriate accounting, including whether the deliverables specified in a multiple
element transaction should be treated as separate units of accounting.
We also derive a portion of our revenue from certified cloud and service providers (“CCSPs”) that provide
public clouds with and allow users to consume computing resources as a service. We earn revenue based on
subscription units consumed by the CCSP or its end users. These cloud-usage services began expanding
significantly in fiscal 2013 and have continued to grow.
For periods prior to March 1, 2015, we recognized cloud-usage revenue upon receipt of usage reports from
the CCSPs, which typically report fees owed to us one month or more after the fees have been earned. Effective
March 1, 2015, we believed that we had sufficient historical data and experience to estimate this cloud-usage
revenue and have begun estimating the amount of and recognizing such revenue in the period earned. The
estimates are based on the historical cloud-usage data available.
Goodwill and other long-lived assets
We make judgments about the recoverability of goodwill, identifiable intangible assets and other long-lived
assets, including capitalized software purchased or developed for internal use. The assumptions and estimates
used to determine recoverability of goodwill, identiﬁable intangible assets and other long-lived assets are
54