RED HAT, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
likely than not” that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. The outcome of these
qualitative tests determines whether it is necessary for a company to perform the two-step goodwill impairment
test as required in years prior to the adoption of ASU 2011-08.
After considering such qualitative factors as macroeconomic conditions, actual or anticipated changes to
cost factors (for example, selling and delivery), overall financial performance and other Company-specific
factors, such as potential changes in strategy, the Company determined that it was not more likely than not that
any impairment to goodwill had occurred during the year ended February 28, 2015. Consequently, the Company
was not required to perform the remaining two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test.
Other long-lived assets
The Company evaluates the recoverability of its property and equipment and other long-lived assets
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may have occurred. An impairment
loss is recognized when the net book value of such assets exceeds the estimated future undiscounted cash ﬂows
attributable to the assets or the business to which the assets relate. Impairment losses, if any, are measured as the
amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the assets.
See NOTE 8—Other Assets, Net for further discussion of impairment losses on long-lived assets for the
years ended February 29, 2016, February 28, 2015 and February 28, 2014.
Cash and cash equivalents
The Company considers highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity period of three months or less
at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents.
Accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts
Trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. The allowance for
doubtful accounts is the Company’s estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company’s existing
accounts receivable. The Company determines the allowance based on historical write-off experience. The
Company reviews its allowance for doubtful accounts monthly. Past due balances over 90 days and over a
specified amount are reviewed individually for collectability. All other balances are reviewed on a pooled basis
by type of receivable. Account balances are charged off against the allowance when the Company determines it
is probable the receivable will not be recovered. The Company does not have off-balance sheet credit exposure
related to its customers. See NOTE 4=Accounts Receivable for further discussion on accounts receivable
balances.
Fair value measurements
Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for the purchase of an asset or paid to
transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for such asset or liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure
fair value should maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. To
measure fair value, the Company uses the following fair value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs, of which
the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable:
Level 1—Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2—Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices
for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or
can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.
82