COMPETITION
The rapidly evolving and intensely competitive enterprise software industry is characterized by new
industry standards, disruptive technology developments and frequent new product introductions. We compete
with a number of large and well-established companies that have significantly greater financial resources, larger
development staffs and more extensive marketing and distribution capabilities. We also compete with emerging
start-up companies that may be able to innovate and provide products and services faster than we can. No
assurance can be given that our efforts to compete effectively will be sufficient.
We believe that the major factors affecting the competitive landscape for our offerings include:
° the name and reputation of the vendor or competitive offering;
° the product price, performance, reliability, security and functionality;
- the partnerships of the vendor with major industry hardware and/or software providers;
° the channel strength and number of channel partners of the vendor;
° the ability to adapt development, sales, marketing and support to the open source software model;
- the financial and value relationship of subscription services;
° the availability of third-party enterprise applications that are compatible with the technology;
° the speed with which customers transition to cloud computing environments and the type of cloud
computing environments utilized (public, private or hybrid);
° the breadth of hardware and software ecosystem compatibility, including the ability to move IT
workloads among various cloud offerings;
- the number of cloud service providers;
- the management framework for administering the software technologies;
- the quality of consulting and support services;
° the number of customer and company reference accounts;
° the ability of the vendor to quickly diagnose software issues and provide patches and other solutions;
and
° the strength of the vendor’s relationships and reputation in the open source community.
With respect to our operating system offerings, our competitors include Microsoft, which offers a hardware-
independent, multi-user operating system that competes with Red Hat’s offerings. Moreover, we also compete
with HPE, IBM, Oracle and Unisys Corporation, each of which offers the UNIX operating system. Many of these
competitors bundle competitive operating systems, such as UNIX, with their own hardware and additional
software offerings, thereby making it more difficult for us to penetrate their customer bases. With respect to
Linux operating systems, our competitors include Micro Focus International plc, with its SUSE brand of Linux,
and Amazon’s and Oracle’s Linux offerings. We also compete with freely available Linux distributions, such as
CentOS, Debian, Fedora, openSUSE and Ubuntu.
With respect to our virtualization offerings, our competitors include Citrix Systems, Inc. (“Citrix”),
Microsoft, Oracle and VMware. Microsoft and VMware offer virtualization technologies that are certified and
supported with Red Hat Enterprise Linux operating system offerings, and Microsoft supports its server operating
systems and application servers running on our virtualization offerings.
With respect to our middleware offerings, our competitors include IBM, Microsoft, Oracle and Pivotal
Software, Inc. (“Pivotal”). Most of these vendors offer the majority of their middleware products under a typical
14