2016, February 28, 2015, and February 28, 2014, respectively, in research and development costs. We focus and
modify our research and development efforts based on our business strategy, the needs of users and changes in
the marketplace. Our development efforts are currently focused on adding new or improved functionality to our
offerings that is needed by customers or that supports the expansion of our third-party hardware and software
ecosystem. However, any upgrades and enhancements are offered on an if—and-when-available basis. Red Hat is
also investing in developing new software offerings and enabling new forms of development that are aimed at
customers who seek hybrid, private and public cloud computing solutions. Our software engineers collaborate
with open source software development teams working through open source communities, such as the Apache
Camel, the CentOS project, the Ceph community project, Cloud Native Computing Foundation, the Fedora
Project, FeedHenry, GlusterFS, the JBoss community projects, Linux Kernel, Open Container Initiative, Open
Platform for NFV, OpenShift Origin, OpenStack and Project Kubernetes. This involvement enables us to remain
abreast of, and in some instances lead, certain technical advances, plans for development of new features and
timing of releases, as well as other information related to the management of open source projects.
Our software engineers make development contributions to many components comprising Red Hat software
offerings, such as Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Red Hat Satellite, Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization, Red Hat JBoss
Middleware, Red Hat Enterprise Linux OpenStack Platform, Red Hat Cloud Infrastructure, OpenShift by Red
Hat, Red Hat Mobile and Red Hat Storage, and provide leadership within the various open source communities
across many of the core components. Our software engineers also perform extensive testing of Red Hat
technologies. We use various industry recognized methods of quality assurance testing to seek to ensure that our
technologies are ready for use by our customers when delivered. We also work closely with leading hardware
and software vendors to seek to ensure that their hardware and applications will operate effectively with Red Hat
platforms.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Most of our offerings, including Red Hat Enterprise Linux and Red Hat JBoss Middleware, are built
primarily from software components licensed to the general public under various open source licenses. While
some components are developed by our employees, Red Hat obtains many components from software developed
and released by contributors to independent open source software development projects. Open source licenses
grant licensees broad permissions to use, copy, modify and redistribute the software. Certain open source
licenses, such as the GPL, impose significant limits on a distributor’s ability to license derivative works under
more restrictive terms and generally require the distributor to disclose the source code of such works. The
inclusion of software components governed by such licenses in our offerings limits our ability to use traditional
proprietary software licensing models for those offerings. As a result, while we have substantial copyright
interests in our software technologies, open source development and licensing practices may have the effect of
limiting the value of our software copyright assets. Consequently, our trademarks may represent our most
valuable intellectual property.
We pursue registration of some of our trademarks in the US. and in other countries. We have registered the
“Red Hat” and “JBoss” trademarks and the Red Hat Shadowman logo in countries in North America, South
America, Europe, Asia and Africa as well as in Australia.
Despite our efforts to protect our trademark rights, unauthorized third parties have, in the past, attempted
and, in the future, may attempt, to misappropriate our trademark rights. We cannot be certain that we will
succeed in preventing such misappropriation of our trade names and trademarks. The laws of some foreign
countries do not protect or deter misappropriation of our trademark rights to the same extent as do the laws of the
US. In addition, while we engage in certain enforcement activity, policing unauthorized use of our trademark
rights is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and our efforts may be inadequate. The loss of any material
trademark or trade name could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial
condition.
16