technologies by software developers globally, (iv) pursuing strategic acquisitions and alliances, (V) increasing
revenue from our existing customer base, (Vi) increasing revenue by promoting a range of services to help our
customers derive additional value, (vii) expanding routes to market, and (viii) growing our presence in
international markets.
Driving the widespread adoption of our offerings
We believe that our open source offerings are a catalyst for change in the IT industry, enabling new
deployments and migrations, which encourage a larger ecosystem of compatible hardware and software
solutions. We seek to drive further adoption of our offerings by enhancing the value of our offerings through
frequent and continuing innovations, supporting new and emerging technologies such as OpenStack and
containers, and leveraging new delivery models such as on-demand consumption. Additionally, we believe the
increasing use of Linux, middleware and other open source technologies in cloud environments can provide us
with a greater ability to penetrate existing, and generate new, customer and partner opportunities. We also seek to
encourage users of free versions of our technologies to become paying customers by helping these users
understand the value proposition of our subscription offerings.
Expanding our portfolio of technology offerings that enable cloud computing
We intend to continue to expand our offerings that enable customers to increase their deployments of public
and private clouds in their enterprise environments. Additionally, we expect to continue to expand our
management and other technology offerings that help our customers to optimize resource allocation and enhance
performance, agility and ﬂexibility in hybrid cloud environments.
Investing in the development of open source technologies and promoting the use of our technologies by
software developers globally
We intend to continue to invest significant resources in the development of open source technologies,
capitalizing on our substantial experience working with open source development communities. We expect this
continued investment to take the form of expenditures on internal development efforts, as well as continued
funding of third-party open source projects and the expansion of our developer services. Additionally, we believe
that by expanding and empowering the developers that use our technologies, we can enhance our technical
leadership position and drive additional growth.
Pursuing strategic acquisitions and alliances
We expect to continue to pursue a selective acquisition strategy as opportunities arise to complement and
expand our technology offerings and service capabilities. In our fiscal year ended February 29, 2016, we
completed the acquisition of Ansible, Inc. (“Ansible”) a provider of IT automation solutions that allows its users
to manage applications across hybrid cloud environments. The acquisition is intended to augment our
management portfolio and help customers to deploy and manage applications across private and public clouds,
speed service delivery through development and operations initiatives, streamline OpenStack installations and
upgrades and accelerate container adoption by simplifying orchestration and configuration.
We also intend to create and extend our strategic alliances where it is beneficial to our business. To facilitate
the widespread deployment of Red Hat offerings, we will continue efforts to build broader and deeper
relationships with hardware and software providers and CCSPs critical to our customers.
Increasing revenue from our existing customer base
We seek to build upon the relationships we have with our current customers in an effort to generate
additional revenue by renewing and increasing existing subscriptions and promoting our other technology
offerings.
9