RED HAT, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and dilutive
potential common share equivalents then outstanding. Potential common share equivalents consist of shares
issuable upon the exercise of stock options or vesting of share-based awards.
With respect to the Company’s 0.25% convertible senior notes due 2019 (the “convertible notes”), the
Company has the option to pay cash or deliver, as the case may be, either cash, shares of its common stock or a
combination of cash and shares of its common stock for the aggregate amount due upon conversion of the
convertible notes. The Company’s intent is to settle the principal amount of the convertible notes in cash upon
conversion. As a result, upon conversion of the convertible notes, only the amounts payable in excess of the
principal amounts of the notes are considered in diluted earnings per share under the treasury stock method. See
NOTE 22—Convertible Notes to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements for detailed information on
the convertible notes.
Segment reporting
The Company is organized primarily on the basis of three geographic business units: the Americas (US,
Latin America and Canada), EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and Asia Pacific. These business units are
aggregated into one reportable segment due to the similarity in nature of products and services provided,
financial performance economic characteristics (e. g., revenue growth and gross margin), methods of production
and distribution and customer classes (e. g., cloud service providers, distributors, resellers and enterprise).
The Company has offices in more than 85 locations around the world. The Company manages its
international business on an Americas-wide, EMEA-wide and Asia Pacific-wide basis. See NOTE 20—Segment
Reporting for further discussion.
Recent accounting pronouncements
Accounting pronouncements adopted
In November 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards
Update 2015-17, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes (“ASU 2015-17”).
ASU 2015-17 removes the requirement that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as either current or
non-current in a classified statement of ﬁnancial position and instead considers deferred tax assets and liabilities
to be classified as non-current. The Company adopted ASU 2015-17 for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2016
and has applied the update retrospectively to its Consolidated Balance Sheet as of February 28, 2015.
In September 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-16, Business Combinations (Topic
805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments (“ASU 2015-16”). The FASB issued
ASU 2015-16 to simplify US. GAAP to require that the acquirer record, in the same period’s financial
statements, the effect of changes to provisional, measurement period amounts calculated as if the accounting had
been completed at the acquisition date and disclose the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings
by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional
amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. The Company adopted ASU 2015-16 for the fiscal year
ended February 29, 2016.
In April 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-03, Interest—Imputation of Interest
(Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs (“ASU 2015-03”). The FASB issued
ASU 2015-03 to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to present
the debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the debt liability rather than showing the
86