could also adversely affect customer acceptance of those offerings and technologies. The success of new and
enhanced offering introductions depends on several factors, including our ability to invest significant resources in
research and development in order to enhance our existing offerings and introduce new offerings in a timely
manner, successfully promote the offerings, manage the risks associated with the offerings, make sufficient
resources available to support the offerings and address any quality or other defects in the early stages of
introduction. Even if we are able to enhance our existing offerings or introduce new offerings that are well
perceived by the market, if our marketing or sales efforts do not generate interest in or sales for these offerings
they may be unsuccessful.
Moreover, we believe that our continued success depends on our investing in new business strategies or
initiatives that complement our strategic direction and technology road map. Such endeavors may involve
significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management’s attention away from other business
operations, and insufficient revenue generation to offset liabilities and expenses undertaken with such strategies
and initiatives. Because these endeavors may be inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such endeavors
will not adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash ﬂows.
If we fail to continue to establish and maintain strategic relationships with industry-leading companies, we
may not be able to attract and retain a larger customer base.
Our success depends in part on our ability to continue to establish and maintain strategic relationships with
industry-leading cloud service providers, hardware original equipment manufacturers, independent software
vendors and system integrators, such as Amazon.com, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., Dell Inc., Fujitsu Limited,
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, International Business Machines Corporation, Microsoft Corporation,
NEC Corporation, Oracle Corporation, SAP AG and others. Many of these strategic partners have engineered and
certified that their technologies run on or with our offerings and, in some cases, have built their products and
solutions using our offerings. We may not be able to maintain these relationships or replace them on attractive
terms in the future. Some of our strategic partners offer competing products and services. As a result of these
factors, many of the companies with which we have strategic alliances may choose to pursue alternative
technologies and develop alternative products and services in addition to or in lieu of our offerings, either on
their own or in collaboration with others, including our competitors. Moreover, we cannot guarantee that the
companies with which we have strategic relationships will market our offerings effectively or continue to devote
the resources necessary to provide us with effective sales, marketing and technical support. As our agreements
with strategic partners terminate or expire, we may be unable to renew or replace these agreements on
comparable terms, or at all.
We rely, to a signiﬁcant degree, on indirect sales channels for the distribution of our offerings, and
disruption within these channels could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results
and cash ﬂows.
We use a variety of different indirect distribution methods for our offerings, including channel partners,
such as certified cloud service providers, distributors, embedded technology partners, hardware original
equipment manufacturers, independent software vendors, system integrators and value added resellers. A number
of these partners in turn distribute via their own networks of channel partners with whom we have no direct
relationship. These relationships allow us to offer our technologies to a much larger customer base than we
would otherwise be able through our direct sales and marketing efforts.
We rely, to a significant degree, on each of our channel partners to select, screen and maintain relationships
with its distribution network and to distribute our offerings in a manner that is consistent with applicable law and
regulatory requirements and our quality standards. If our channel partners or a partner in its distribution network
violate applicable law or regulatory requirements or misrepresent the functionality of our offerings, our
reputation could be damaged and we could be subject to potential liability. Furthermore, our channel partners
may offer their own products and services or the products and services of other companies that compete with our
19