further discussion of our operating segments. See Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” for a discussion of some of the
risks attendant to our operations, including foreign operations.
Subscription revenue by product group
Subscription revenue for our Infrastructure-related offerings (Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Red Hat Satellite,
Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization and related offerings) as a percentage of our total revenue were 72.1%, 74.0%
and 76.3% for fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively. Subscription revenue for our Application
Development-related offerings (Red Hat J Boss Middleware) and other emerging technology offerings (including
our cloud offerings, Red Hat Mobile and Red Hat Storage) as a percentage of our total revenue were 15.7%,
13.2% and 10.8% for fiscal 2016, ﬁscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively. For additional financial information
about our products and services, see NOTE 20—Segment Reporting to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Customers
We sell our offerings to enterprises in a variety of industries, including financial services, government,
healthcare, retail, telecommunications and transportation. For the ﬁscal year ended February 29, 2016, the US.
government and its agencies represented in the aggregate approximately 10% of our total revenue. For the fiscal
years ended February 28, 2015 and February 28, 2014, no customer accounted for more than 10% of our total
revenue.
Backlog
We define total backlog as the value of non-cancellable subscription and service agreements, including total
deferred revenue, which is billed, plus the value of non-cancellable subscription and service agreements to be
billed in the future and not reﬂected in our ﬁnancial statements. The value of non-cancellable subscription and
service agreements at February 29, 2016 included deferred revenue classified as a current liability of $1.27
billion and long-term deferred revenue of $449.6 million. The value of non-cancellable subscription and service
agreements to be billed in the future and not reﬂected in our financial statements is in excess of $410.0 million.
The portion of total backlog at February 29, 2016 that we expect to be billed during the fiscal year ending
February 28, 2017 is in excess of $275.0 million. At February 28, 2015, the value of non-cancellable subscription
and service agreements included deferred revenue classified as a current liability of $1.10 billion and long-term
deferred revenue of $387.2 million. The value of non-cancellable subscription and service agreements to be
billed in the future and not reﬂected in our financial statements at February 28, 2015 was in excess of $380.0
million.
We report our off-balance sheet backlog as a conservative approximation, often describing the amount as
“in excess of”, primarily because the value of underlying contracts is derived from data not yet subjected to the
complete application of our revenue recognition policies. We endeavor to derive the value of our off-balance
sheet backlog in a consistent manner year over year and therefore believe the amounts are comparable.
Seasonality
Our fourth fiscal quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for billing both new business and
renewals. For a more detailed discussion, see Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
BUSINESS STRATEGY
Our business strategy is to partner with our customers as they maintain, migrate or modernize existing
infrastructure and utilize new architectures. We implement our business strategy through (i) driving the
widespread adoption of our offerings, (ii) expanding our portfolio of technology offerings that enable cloud
computing, (iii) investing in the development of open source technologies and promoting the use of our
8