addition, third parties may make infringement and similar or related claims after we have acquired technology
that had not been asserted prior to our acquisition of such technology.
In the past, our technologies have been subject to intellectual property infringement claims. Some of these
claims have been brought by entities that do not design, manufacture, or distribute products or services or that
acquire intellectual property like patents for the sole purpose of monetizing their acquired intellectual property
through asserting claims of infringement. As these entities do not have operating businesses of their own and
therefore have limited risk of counterclaims for damages or injunctive relief, it may be difficult to deter them
from bringing intellectual property infringement claims. We expect to face the possibility of more intellectual
property infringement claims as our prominence increases, business activities expand, market share and revenue
grow, the number of products and competitors in our industry grows and the functionality of products in different
portions of the industry overlap. We may not be able to accurately assess the risk related to these suits, and we
may be unable to accurately assess our level of exposure.
Defending patent and other intellectual property claims, even claims without significant merit, can be time-
consuming, costly and can divert the attention of technical and management personnel. We may receive
unfavorable preliminary or interim rulings in the course of litigation, and there can be no assurances that
favorable final outcomes will be obtained in all cases. We may decide to settle certain lawsuits and disputes on
terms that are disadvantageous to us. Similarly, if any litigation to which we are a party is resolved adversely, we
may be subject to an unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal. The terms of such a settlement
or judgment may require us to cease offering certain of our technologies or pay substantial amounts to the other
party. In addition, we may have to seek a license to continue offering technologies found to be in violation of a
third party’s rights, which may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all, and may significantly increase our
operating costs and expenses. As a result, we may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing
technology or practices or discontinue the practices. The development of alternative non-infringing technology or
practices could require significant effort and expense or may not be feasible.
An unfavorable legal decision regarding the intellectual property in and to our technology and other
offerings could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash ﬂows. See Part I,
Item 3, “Legal Proceedings” for additional information.
Our activities, or the activities of our partners, may violate anti-corruption laws and regulations that apply
to us.
In many foreign countries, particularly in certain developing economies, it is not uncommon to engage in
business practices that are prohibited by regulations that may apply to us, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act and similar laws. Although we have policies and procedures designed to help promote compliance
with these laws, our employees, contractors, partners and agents, as well as those companies to which we
outsource certain of our business operations, may take actions in violation of our policies and procedures. Any
violation of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our
employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business, and damage to our reputation.
Governmental regulations affecting the import or export of software could adversely impact our business.
Due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to import and export restrictions and regulations,
including the Export Administration Regulations administered by the U.S. Commerce Department’s Bureau of
Industry and Security (“BIS”) and the trade and economic sanctions regulations administered by the U.S.
Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”). The U.S., through the BIS and OFAC,
places restrictions on the sale or export of certain products and services to certain countries and persons (“denied
parties”). Violators of these export control and sanctions laws may be subject to significant penalties, which may
include signiﬁcant monetary fines, criminal proceedings against them and their officers and employees, a denial
of export privileges, and suspension or debarment from selling products or services to the federal government.
29