CAUTIONARY NOTE ON F ORWARD-LOOKIN G STATEMENTS
Certain statements contained in this report and the documents incorporated by reference in this report,
including in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, constitute
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions, and any
statement that is not strictly a historical statement could be deemed to be a forward-looking statement (for
example, statements regarding current or future financial performance, management’s plans and objectives for
future operations, product plans and performance, management’s expectations regarding market risk and market
penetration, management’s assessment of market factors, or strategies, objectives and plans of Red Hat, Inc.
together with its subsidiaries (“Red Hat”) and its partners). Words such as “anticipate, ” “believe, ” “estimate, ”
“expect,” “intend,” “outlook,” “plan,” “project,” “will,” and similar expressions, may also identify such
forward-looking statements. Red Hat may also make forward-looking statements in other filings made with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), press releases, materials delivered to stockholders and oral
statements made by management. Investors are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are inherently
uncertain, are not guarantees of Red Hat’s future performance and are subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties that could cause Red Hat’s actual results to dijfer materially from those found in the forward-
looking statements and from historical trends. These risks and uncertainties include the risks and cautionary
statements detailed in Part I, Item IA, “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this report as well as in Red Hat’s other
ﬁlings with the SEC, copies of which may be accessed through the SEC ’s web site at http://www.sec. gov. Readers
are urged to carefully review these risks and cautionary statements. Moreover, Red Hat operates in a rapidly
changing and highly competitive environment. It is impossible to predict all risks and uncertainties or assess the
impact of any new risk or uncertainty on our business or any forward-looking statement. The forward-looking
statements included in this report represent our views as of the date of this report. We specifically disclaim any
obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future. These forward-looking statements should not
be relied upon as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this report.
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
OVERVIEW
Red Hat is a leading global provider of open source software solutions, using a community-powered
approach to develop and offer reliable and high-performing operating system, virtualization, management,
middleware, cloud, mobile and storage technologies.
Our business model
Development. We employ an open source development model. The open source development model allows
us to use the collective input, resources and knowledge of a global community of contributors who can
collaborate to develop, maintain and enhance software because the human-readable source code for that software
is publicly available and licenses permit modification. We believe this model offers advantages to Red Hat
because we are able to develop our offerings by integrating information and knowledge from this global
community.
Licensing. We typically distribute our software offerings under open source licenses that permit access to
the software’s human-readable source code. These licenses also provide relatively broad rights for recipients of
the software to use, copy, modify and redistribute the software. These broad rights afford significant latitude for
our customers to inspect, suggest changes to, customize and enhance the software to meet specific business
needs.
Subscriptions. We provide our software offerings primarily under annual or multi-year subscriptions as well
as on-demand through certified cloud and service providers (“CCSPs”). A subscription generally entitles a
customer to, among other things, a specified level of support, as well as security updates, fixes, functionality
3