addition, in pursuing and completing such transactions, we could use substantial portions of our available cash as
all or a portion of the purchase price for these transactions or as retention incentives to employees of the acquired
business, or we may incur substantial debt. We could also issue additional securities as all or a portion of the
purchase price for these transactions or as retention incentives to employees of the acquired business, which
could cause our stockholders to suffer significant dilution. Any transaction may not generate additional revenue
or profit for us, or may take longer to do so than expected, which may adversely affect our business, financial
condition, operating results and cash ﬂows.
If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
ﬂows could be adversely affected.
We have expanded our operations rapidly in recent years. For example, our total revenue increased from
$1.79 billion for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2015 to $2.05 billion for the fiscal year ended February 29,
2016. Moreover, the total number of our employees increased from approximately 7,300 as of February 28, 2015
to approximately 8,800 as of February 29, 2016. In addition, we continue to explore ways to extend our offerings
and geographic reach. Our growth has placed and will likely continue to place a strain on our management
systems, information systems, resources and internal controls. Our ability to successfully provide our offerings
and implement our business plan requires adequate information systems and resources, internal controls and
oversight from our senior management. As we expand in international markets, these challenges increase as a
result of the need to support a growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal
systems, dispute resolution systems, regulatory systems and commercial practices. As we grow, (i) we may not
be able to adequately screen and hire or adequately train, supervise, manage or develop sufficient personnel, and
(ii) we may not be able to develop or effectively manage our controls, oversight functions or information
systems. If we are unable to effectively manage our growth, our business, financial condition, operating results
and cash flows could be adversely affected.
Industry consolidation and divestitures may lead to increased competition and may adversely affect our
business, ﬁnancial condition, operating results and cash ﬂows.
There has been a trend of both consolidation and divestitures in the technology industry. We expect these
trends to continue as companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving industry. For
example, as the computing, networking, storage, and software technologies that comprise the enterprise data
center converge, many companies seek to position themselves as key or single-source vendors providing end-to-
end technology solutions for the data center. Also, some of our current and potential competitors have made
acquisitions or announced new strategic alliances designed to position them as a key or single-source vendor. As
a result of these developments, we face greater competition, including competition from entities that are among
our key business partners. This increased competition could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
operating results and cash ﬂows.
We depend on our key non-management employees, and our inability to attract and retain such employees
could adversely affect our business or diminish our brands.
Competition in our industry for qualified employees, especially technical employees, is intense and our
competitors directly target our employees. Our inability to attract and retain key employees could hinder our
inﬂuence in open source projects and seriously impede our success. Moreover, the loss of these individuals,
particularly to a competitor, some of which may be in a position to offer greater compensation, and any resulting
loss of customers could reduce our market share and diminish our brands. We have from time to time in the past
experienced, and we may experience in the future, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees
with appropriate qualifications. Also, to the extent we hire personnel from competitors, we may be subject to
allegations that they have been improperly solicited, that they have divulged proprietary or other confidential
information, or that their former employers own their inventions or other work product.
22