Cash ﬂows from operations
Cash provided by operations of $622.8 million during the year ended February 28, 2015 includes net income
of $180.2 million, adjustments to exclude the impact of non-cash income and expenses, which totaled a $249.1
million net source of cash, and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which totaled a $193.5 million net
source of cash. Cash provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities for the year ended February 28, 2015
was primarily the result of an increase in our deferred revenue, which generated operating cash ﬂow of $282.7
million. The increase in deferred revenue was due to growth in billings as we generally bill our customers in
advance of subscription periods. Net cash adjustments related to deferred income taxes were $23.5 million and
exclude excess tax benefits from share-based compensation which are considered a financing source of cash.
Cash ﬂows from investing
Cash used in investing activities of $325.0 million for the year ended February 28, 2015 includes net cash of
$296.1 million used to acquire Inktank, eNovance and FeedHenry, investments in property and equipment of
$45.6 million, primarily related to facilities and information technology infrastructure enhancements and
investments in other intangible assets, primarily patents, of $6.1 million. Partially offsetting cash used in
investing activities were net proceeds from the sale of available-for-sale debt securities of $11.6 million and net
proceeds from the sale of certain equity investments of $10.5 million.
Cash ﬂows from ﬁnancing
Cash provided by financing activities of $148.2 million for the year ended February 28, 2015 includes
$789.8 million from the issuance of our convertible notes, net of issuance costs, proceeds of $79.8 million from
the issuance of warrants, proceeds of $5.6 million from excess tax benefits related to share-based payment
arrangements and proceeds of $2.4 million from employees’ exercise of common stock options. Partially
offsetting the cash provided by the issuance of our convertible notes, excess tax benefits and employee option
exercises was $535.1 million used to repurchase 8,355,757 shares of our common stock and $148.0 million used
in convertible note hedge transactions. Payments made in return for common shares received from employees to
satisfy employees’ minimum tax withholding obligations related to restricted share awards vesting during the
year ended February 28, 2015 totaled $43.5 million. Payments on other borrowings totaled $2.8 million for the
year ended February 28, 2015.
Investments in debt securities
Our investments are comprised primarily of debt securities that are classified as available for sale and
recorded at their fair market values. At February 29, 2016 and February 28, 2015, the vast majority of our
investments were priced with the assistance of pricing vendors. These pricing vendors use the most recent
observable market information in pricing these securities or, if specific prices are not available for these
securities, use other observable inputs. In the event observable inputs are not available, we assess other factors to
determine the securities’ market values, including broker quotes or model valuations. Independent price
veriﬁcations of all of our holdings are performed by the pricing vendors, which we review. In the event a price
fails a pre-established tolerance check, it is researched so that we can assess the cause of the variance to
determine what we believe is the appropriate fair market value.
Capital requirements
We have experienced a substantial increase in our operating expenses since our inception in connection with
the growth of our operations, the development of our technologies, the expansion of our services operations and
our acquisition activity. Our capital requirements during the fiscal year ending February 28, 2017 will depend on
numerous factors, including the amount of resources we devote to:
° funding the continued development of our technology offerings;
- improving and extending our services and the technologies used to market and deliver these services to
our customers and support our business;
66