A number of our key employees have become, or will become, vested in a significant amount of their equity
compensation awards. Employees may be more likely to leave us after a significant portion of their equity
compensation awards fully vest, especially if the shares underlying the equity awards have significantly
appreciated in value. Additionally, as we grow, there may be less equity compensation to award per employee. If
we do not succeed in attracting and retaining key personnel, our business, financial performance, operating
results and cash flows may be adversely affected.
We may not be able to continue to attract and retain capable management.
Our future success depends on the continued services and effectiveness of a number of key management
personnel. The loss of these individuals, particularly to a competitor, some of which may be in a position to offer
greater compensation, could adversely affect our business or stock price.
Our ability to retain key management personnel or hire capable new management personnel as we grow may
be challenged to the extent that other companies are able to offer more attractive opportunities to the individuals
we seek to hire or retain. In addition, historically we have used share-based compensation as a key component of
our compensation packages. Changes in the accounting for share-based compensation could adversely affect our
earnings or make it more beneficial for us to use more cash compensation to attract and retain capable personnel.
If the price of our common stock falls, the value of our share-based awards to recipients is reduced. Such events,
or if we are unable to secure stockholder approval for increases in the number of shares eligible for share-based
compensation grants, could adversely affect our ability to successfully attract and retain key management
personnel. Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective
transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key management personnel could hinder our strategic
planning and execution.
Because of the characteristics of open source software, there are few technology barriers to entry into the
open source market by new competitors and it may be relatively easy for competitors, some of which may
have greater resources than we have, to enter our markets and compete with us.
One of the characteristics of open source software is that anyone may modify and redistribute the existing
open source software and use it to compete with us. Such competition can develop without the degree of
overhead and lead time required by traditional proprietary software companies. It is possible for competitors with
greater resources than ours to develop their own open source solutions or acquire a smaller business that has
developed open source offerings that compete with our offerings, potentially reducing the demand for, and
putting price pressure on, our offerings. In addition, some competitors make their open source software available
for free download and use on an ad hoc basis or may position their open source software as a loss leader. We
cannot guarantee that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors or that
competitive pressure and/or the availability of open source software will not result in price reductions, reduced
operating margins and loss of market share. Additionally, any failure by us to provide high-quality technical
support, or the perception that we do not provide high-quality technical support, could harm our reputation and
negatively impact our ability to sell subscriptions for our open source offerings to existing and prospective
customers. If we are unable to differentiate our open source offerings from those of our competitors or compete
effectively with other open source offerings, our business, financial condition, operation results and cash ﬂows
could be adversely affected.
Our corporate culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow,
we could lose the innovation, creativity and collaboration fostered by our culture, and our business may be
adversely affected.
We believe that a critical contributor to our success has been our corporate culture, which we believe fosters
innovation, creativity and collaboration. As our organization grows, our employees (including remote workers)
and our resources become more globally dispersed and our organizational management structures become more
23