We may be unable to predict the future course of open source technology development, which could
reduce the market appeal of our offerings, damage our reputation and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, operating results and cash ﬂows.
We do not exercise control over many aspects of the development of open source technology. Different
groups of open source software programmers compete with one another to develop new technology. Typically,
the technology developed by one group will become more widely used than that developed by others. If we
acquire or adopt new technology and incorporate it into our offerings but competing technology becomes more
widely used or accepted, the market appeal of our offerings may be reduced and that could harm our reputation,
diminish our brands and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash ﬂows.
We include software licensed from other parties in our offerings, the loss of which could increase our costs
and delay availability of our offerings.
We utilize various types of software licensed from unaffiliated third parties in our offerings. Aspects of our
business could be disrupted if any of the software we license from others or functional equivalents of this
software were no longer available to us, no longer offered to us on commercially reasonable terms or changed in
ways or included defects that make the third-party software unsuitable for our use. In these cases, we would be
required to either redesign our technologies to function with software available from other parties, develop these
components ourselves or eliminate the functionality, which could result in increased costs, the need to mitigate
customer issues, delays in delivery of our offerings and the release of new offerings and limit the features
available in our current or future offerings.
RISKS RELATED TO LEGAL UN CERTAINTY
If our technologies are found or alleged to infringe third-party intellectual property rights, we may be
required to take costly and time-consuming actions to meet our commitments to customers.
We regularly commit to our subscription customers that if portions of our offerings are found to infringe
third-party intellectual property rights we will, at our expense and option: (i) obtain the right for the customer to
continue to use the technology consistent with their subscription agreement with us; (ii) modify the technology so
that its use is non-infringing; or (iii) replace the infringing component with a non-infringing component, and
defend them against specified infringement claims. Although we cannot predict whether we will need to satisfy
these commitments and we often have limitations on these commitments, satisfying these commitments could be
costly, be time-consuming, divert the attention of technical and management personnel, and adversely affect our
business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. In addition, our insurance policies would likely
not adequately cover our exposure to this type of claim. Finally, because we have agreed to defend our
subscription customers against specified infringement claims arising from the use of our offerings, we could
become involved in litigation brought against such customers if our services and technology are allegedly
implicated.
We are vulnerable to claims that our technologies infringe third-party intellectual property rights and an
unfavorable legal decision affecting our intellectual property could adversely affect our business.
We are vulnerable to claims that our technologies infringe third-party intellectual property rights, including
patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, because our technologies are comprised of software
components, many of which are developed by numerous independent parties. We are also unlikely to be able to
assess adequately the relevance of patents to our technologies, and may be unable to take appropriate responsive
action in a timely or economic manner because, among other reasons, the scope of software patent protection is
often not well defined or readily determinable, patent applications in the U.S. are not publicly disclosed at the
time of filing, and the number of software patents that are issued each year is significant and growing. Our
exposure to risks associated with the use of intellectual property may increase as a result of acquisitions. In
28