Red Hat also seeks patent protection of some of the innovative ideas of our software developers and other
employees. Some of these inventions are applicable to our current technologies, while others provide protection
to new and other technologies. Moreover, our principal objectives in seeking patent protection are to provide a
measure of deterrence against the potential patent infringement claims of third parties and to a more limited
extent to help ensure that new technologies and innovations covered by our patents remain open. As part of Red
Hat’s commitment to the open source community, we provide our Patent Promise, an undertaking, subject to
certain limitations, not to enforce our patent rights against users of open source software covered by certain open
source licenses. This permits the development and distribution of open source applications by third parties that
could otherwise infringe on our patents. For these reasons, it is unlikely that our patents will, of themselves,
provide us substantial revenue.
Third parties have, in the past, asserted and, in the future, may assert, infringement claims against us which
may result in costly litigation or require us to obtain a license to third-party intellectual property rights. See Part
I, Item 3, “Legal Proceedings”. There can be no assurance that such licenses will be available on reasonable
terms or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial
condition. Red Hat regularly commits to its subscription customers that if portions of our offerings are found to
infringe third-party intellectual property rights we will, at our expense and option: (i) obtain the right for the
customer to continue to use the technology consistent with their subscription agreement with us; (ii) modify the
technology so that its use is non-infringing; or (iii) replace the infringing component with a non-infringing
component, and defend them against specified infringement claims. Although we cannot predict whether we will
need to satisfy these commitments and we often have limitations on these commitments, satisfying these
commitments could be costly, be time-consuming, divert the attention of technical and management personnel,
and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
We also generally enter into confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements with our employees and
consultants and seek to control access to and distribution of our confidential documentation and other proprietary
information.
EMPLOYEES
As of February 29, 2016, Red Hat had approximately 8,800 employees.
AVAILABLE INFORMATION
We maintain a website at www.redhat.com. We make available, free of charge on our website, our Annual
Report on Form lO-K, Quarterly Reports on Form lO-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those
reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the “Securities Exchange Act”), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file those reports with,
or furnish them to, the SEC. We also similarly make available, free of charge on our website, the reports filed
with the SEC by our executive officers, directors and 10% stockholders pursuant to Section 16 under the
Securities Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after copies of those filings are provided to us by
those persons. We are not including the information contained at www.redhat.com, or at any other Internet
address, as part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
17