RED HAT, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
NOTE 22gConvertible Notes
Convertible note oﬁering
On October 7, 2014, the Company completed its offering of $805.0 million aggregate principal amount of
its 0.25 % Convertible Senior Notes due 2019 (the “convertible notes”). The convertible notes were sold in a
private placement under a purchase agreement, dated as of October 1, 2014, entered into by and among the
Company and the Initial Purchasers, for resale to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
The Company used $148.0 million of the net proceeds from the offering of the convertible notes to pay the
cost of the privately-negotiated convertible note hedge transactions described below. The Company received
proceeds of $79.8 million from the sale of warrants pursuant to the warrant transactions described below.
In addition, the Company used $375.0 million of the net proceeds from the offering of the convertible notes
to repurchase shares of its common stock under an accelerated share repurchase program pursuant to an
agreement that the Company entered into on October 1, 2014, as described in NOTE 17—Share Repurchase
Programs to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Company intends to use the remaining net proceeds from the offering for working capital and other
general corporate purposes, which may include capital expenditures, potential acquisitions or strategic
transactions.
Indenture
On October 7, 2014, the Company entered into an indenture (the “Indenture”) with respect to the convertible
notes with US Bank National Association, as trustee (the “T rustee”). Under the Indenture, the convertible notes
will be senior unsecured obligations of the Company and bear interest at a rate of 0.25% per year, payable
semiannually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on April 1, 2015. The convertible notes
will mature on October 1, 2019, unless previously purchased or converted.
The convertible notes are convertible into shares of the Company’s common stock at an initial conversion
rate of 13.6219 shares per $1,000 principal amount of convertible notes (which is equivalent to an initial
conversion price of approximately $73.41 per share), subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events.
The initial conversion price represents a premium of approximately 30% to the $56.47 per share closing price of
the Company’s common stock on October 1, 2014. Upon conversion of the convertible notes, holders will
receive cash or shares of the Company’s common stock or a combination thereof, at the Company’s election.
Prior to April 1, 2019, the convertible notes will be convertible only upon the occurrence of certain
circumstances, and will be convertible thereafter at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled
trading day immediately preceding the maturity date of the convertible notes.
The conversion rate is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. If certain corporate events described
in the Indenture occur prior to the maturity date, the conversion rate will be increased for a holder who elects to
convert its convertible notes in connection with such corporate event in certain circumstances.
The convertible notes are not redeemable prior to maturity, and no sinking fund is provided for the notes. If
the Company undergoes a “fundamental change,” as defined in the Indenture, subject to certain conditions,
holders may require the Company to purchase for cash all or any portion of their convertible notes. The
fundamental change purchase price will be 100% of the principal amount of the convertible notes to be purchased
plus any accrued and unpaid special interest up to but excluding the fundamental change purchase date.
1 12