RED HAT, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
For additional discussion related to recent accounting pronouncements the Company has either recently
adopted or is currently evaluating the impact from future adoption, see “Recent accounting pronouncements” in
this note.
Use of estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the balance sheet dates and
the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from such
estimates.
Revenue recognition
The Company establishes persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement for each type of revenue transaction
based on either a signed contract with the end customer, a click-through contract on the Company’s website
whereby the customer agrees to the Company’s standard subscription terms, signed or click-through distribution
contracts with original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) and other resellers, or, in the case of individual
training seats, through receipt of payment which indicates acceptance of the Company’s training agreement
terms.
Subscription revenue
Subscription revenue is comprised of direct and indirect sales of subscriptions relating to Red Hat
technologies. Accounts receivable and deferred revenue are recorded at the time a customer enters into a binding
subscription agreement for the purchase of a subscription, subscription services are made available to the
customer and the customer is billed. The deferred revenue amount is recognized as revenue ratably over the life
of the subscription. Red Hat technologies are generally offered with either one or three-year base subscription
periods; the majority of the Company’s subscriptions have one-year terms. Under these subscription agreements,
renewal rates are generally specified for one or three-year renewal terms. Subscriptions generally entitle the end
user to the technology itself and post-contract customer support, generally consisting of varying levels of support
services as well as access to security errata, fixes, functionality enhancements to the technology and upgrades to
the technologies, each on an if and when available basis, during the term of the subscription. The Company sells
its offerings through two principal channels: (1) direct, which includes sales by the Company’s sales force as
well as web store sales, and (2) indirect, which includes certified cloud and service providers (“CCSPS”),
distributors, value added resellers, systems integrators and OEMs. The Company recognizes revenue from the
sale of Red Hat technologies ratably over the period of the subscription beginning on the commencement date of
the subscription agreement.
Subscription arrangements with large enterprise customers often have contracts with multiple elements (e. g.,
software technology, support, training, consulting and other services). The Company allocates revenue to each
element of the arrangement based on vendor-specific objective evidence of each element’s fair value when the
Company can demonstrate sufficient evidence of the fair value of at least those elements that are undelivered.
The fair value of each element in multiple element arrangements is created by either (i) providing the customer
with the ability during the term of the arrangement to renew that element at the same rate paid for the element
included in the initial term of the agreement or (ii) selling the element on a stand-alone basis.
The Company derives a portion of its revenue from CCSPs that provide public clouds with and allow users
to consume computing resources as a service. The Company earns revenue based on subscription units consumed
by the CCSP or its end users. These cloud-usage services began expanding significantly in fiscal 2013 and have
continued to grow.
80