The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the convertible
notes, could have a material effect on our reported financial results.
Accounting Standards Codification Subtopic 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options (“ASC
470-20”), requires an entity to separately account for the liability and equity components of convertible debt
instruments (such as the convertible notes) that may be settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion in a
manner that reﬂects the issuer’s non-convertible debt interest rate. Accordingly, the equity component of the
convertible notes is required to be included in the additional paid-in capital section of stockholders’ equity on our
consolidated balance sheet, and the value of the equity component is treated as original issue discount for
purposes of accounting for the debt component of the convertible notes. As a result, we are required to recognize
a greater amount of non-cash interest expense in our consolidated income statements in the current and future
periods presented as a result of the amortization of the discounted carrying value of the convertible notes to their
principal amount over the term of the convertible notes. We will report lower net income (or greater net losses) in
our consolidated financial results because ASC 470-20 will require interest to include both the current period’s
amortization of the original issue discount and the instrument’s non-convertible interest rate. This could
adversely affect our reported or future consolidated financial results, the trading price of our common stock and
the trading price of the convertible notes.
In addition, under certain circumstances, in calculating earnings per share, convertible debt instruments
(such as the convertible notes) that may be settled entirely or partly in cash are currently accounted for utilizing
the treasury stock method, the effect of which is that the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the
convertible notes, if any, are not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share except to the extent that
the conversion value of the convertible notes exceeds their principal amount. Under the treasury stock method,
diluted earnings per share is calculated as if the number of shares of common stock that would be necessary to
settle such excess, if we elected to settle such excess in shares, were issued. We cannot be sure that the
accounting standards in the future will continue to permit the use of the treasury stock method. If we are unable
to use the treasury stock method in accounting for the shares issuable upon conversion of the convertible notes, if
any, then our diluted consolidated earnings per share would be adversely affected.
The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of our common stock.
In connection with the sale of the convertible notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions with
institutions that we refer to as the option counterparties. We also entered into warrant transactions with the option
counterparties pursuant to which we sold warrants for the purchase of our common stock. The convertible note
hedge transactions are expected to offset the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of
convertible notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount
upon conversion of any convertible notes. The warrant transactions could separately have a dilutive effect to the
extent that the market price per share of our common stock exceeds the strike price of the relevant warrants,
unless, subject to certain conditions, we elect to settle the warrants in cash.
The option counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or
unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock
or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the convertible notes (and are
likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of convertible notes or following any
repurchase of convertible notes by us in connection with any fundamental change repurchase date or otherwise).
This activity could suppress or inﬂate the market price of our common stock.
We do not make any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any potential effect that
the transactions described above may have on the price of the convertible notes or our common stock. In
addition, we do not make any representation that the option counterparties or their respective affiliates will
engage in these transactions or that these transactions, once commenced, will not be discontinued without notice.
38