RED HAT, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
For periods prior to March 1, 2015, the Company recognized cloud-usage revenue upon receipt of usage
reports from the CCSPs, which typically report fees owed to the Company one month or more after the fees have
been earned. Effective March 1, 2015 , the Company believed that it had sufficient historical data and experience
to estimate this cloud-usage revenue and has begun estimating the amount of and recognizing such revenue in the
period earned. The estimates are based on the historical cloud-usage data available. As a result of the Company’s
transition to estimating cloud-usage revenue, the Company’s subscription revenues and pre-tax income for the
fiscal year ended February 29, 2016 included an additional, favorable adjustment of $5.3 million.
Training and services revenue
Training and services revenue is comprised of revenue for consulting, engineering and customer training
and education services. Consulting services consist of time-based arrangements, and revenue is recognized as
these services are performed. Engineering services represent revenue earned under fixed fee arrangements with
the Company’s OEM partners and other customers to provide for significant modiﬁcation and customization of
Red Hat technologies. The Company recognizes revenue for these fixed fee engineering services using the
percentage of completion basis of accounting, provided the Company has the ability to make reliable estimates of
progress towards completion, the fee for such services is fixed or determinable and collection of the resulting
receivable is probable. Under the percentage of completion method, earnings under the contract are recognized
based on the progress toward completion as estimated using the ratio of labor hours incurred to total expected
project hours. Changes in estimates are recognized in the period in which they are known. Revenue for customer
training and education services is recognized on the dates the services are complete.
Deferred selling costs
Deferred commissions are the incremental costs that are directly associated with non-cancelable
subscription contracts with customers and consist of sales commissions paid to the Company’s sales force. The
commissions are deferred and amortized over a period that approximates the period of the subscription term. The
commission payments are paid in full subsequent to the month in which the customer’s service commences. The
deferred commission amounts are recoverable through the future revenue streams under the non-cancelable
customer contracts. In addition, the Company has the ability and intent under the commission plans with its sales
force to recover commissions previously paid to its sales force in the event that customers breach the terms of
their subscription agreements and do not fully pay for their subscription agreements. Deferred commissions are
included in prepaid expenses on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amortization of deferred
commissions is included in sales and marketing expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of
Operations.
Goodwill and other long-lived assets
Goodwill
The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment during the fourth quarter of its fiscal year or more
frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment to goodwill may have occurred. For
the year ended February 29, 2016, the Company elected to perform a quantitative assessment of goodwill for all
of its reporting units. In doing so, the Company compared the estimated fair value of each of the reporting units
to its respective book value, including allocated goodwill. The Company concluded that there were no
impairments of goodwill.
For the year ended February 28, 2015, the Company applied its test for goodwill impairment as permitted by
ASU 2011-08, which allows the Company to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is “more
81