the average exchange rates for each applicable month in a period. To the extent the US. dollar weakens against
foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign currency statements results in increased revenue and operating
expenses for our non-US. operations. Similarly, our revenue and operating expenses for our non-US. operations
decreases if the US. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies.
Using the average foreign currency exchange rates from our prior fiscal year ended February 28, 2015, our
revenue and operating expenses from non-U.S. operations for the year ended February 29, 2016 would have been
higher than we reported by approximately $120.8 million and $97.3 million, respectively, which would have
resulted in income from operations being higher by $23.5 million.
Convertible notes
In October 2014, we issued $805.0 million of 0.25% convertible notes due 2019. The convertible notes have
a fixed annual interest rate of 0.25%, and therefore we do not have economic interest rate exposure on the
convertible notes. However, the fair market value of the convertible notes is exposed to interest rate risk.
Generally, the fair market value of the convertible notes will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest
rates rise. For further discussion regarding the fair value of the convertible notes, see NOTE 22—Convertible
Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
In connection with the sale of the convertible notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions and
warrant transactions. The convertible note hedge transactions are expected to offset the potential dilution with
respect to shares of our common stock upon any conversion of the convertible notes and/or offset any cash
payments that we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of the converted notes, as the case may
be. The warrant transactions will have a dilutive effect with respect to our common stock to the extent that the
market price per share of our common stock, as measured under the terms of the warrant transactions, exceeds
the applicable strike price of the warrants. However, subject to certain conditions, we may elect to settle all of the
warrants in cash. The initial strike price of the warrants is $101.65 per share. The number of shares of our
common stock underlying the warrants is 10,965,630 shares, subject to anti-dilution adjustments. The convertible
note hedge and warrants are both considered indexed to our common stock and classified as equity; therefore, the
convertible note hedge and warrants are not accounted for as derivative instruments.
Derivative instruments
We transact business in various foreign countries and are, therefore, subject to risk of foreign currency
exchange rate ﬂuctuations. From time to time we enter into forward contracts to economically hedge
transactional exposure associated with commitments arising from trade accounts receivable, trade accounts
payable and fixed purchase obligations denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the
respective operating entity. All derivative instruments are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at their
respective fair market values. We have elected not to prepare and maintain the documentation required to qualify
our forward contracts for hedge accounting treatment and, therefore, changes in fair value are recorded in our
Consolidated Statements of Operations. For further discussion related to our management of foreign currency
risk see NOTE 10—Derivative Instruments to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
The aggregate notional amount of outstanding forward contracts at February 29, 2016 was $72.6 million.
The fair value of these outstanding contracts at February 29, 2016 was a gross $0.6 million asset and a gross $0.5
million liability, and is recorded in Other current assets and Accounts payable and accrued expenses,
respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The forward contracts generally expire within three months of
the period ended February 29, 2016. The forward contracts will settle in Australian dollars, Hong Kong dollars,
Japanese yen, Norwegian krona, Singapore dollars, Swedish krona, Swiss francs and US. dollars.
The aggregate notional amount of outstanding forward contracts at February 28, 2015 was $108.1 million.
The fair value of these outstanding contracts at February 28, 2015 was a gross $0.1 million asset and a gross $0.7
million liability, and is recorded in Other current assets and Accounts payable and accrued expenses, respectively
on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
70