We are subject to risks of currency ﬂuctuations and related hedging operations.
A portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the US. dollar. Changes in exchange rates
among other currencies and the US. dollar may affect our revenue, operating expenses and operating margins,
which are reported in US. dollars. We cannot predict the impact of future exchange rate ﬂuctuations. As we
expand international operations, our exposure to exchange rate ﬂuctuations may increase. We use financial
instruments, primarily forward purchase contracts, to economically hedge currency commitments arising from
trade accounts receivable, trade accounts payable and ﬁxed purchase obligations. If these hedging activities are
not successful or we change or reduce these hedging activities in the future, we may experience significant
unexpected expenses from ﬂuctuations in exchange rates. For information regarding our hedging activity, see
Part II, Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk”.
If our growth rate slows, our stock price could be adversely affected.
As the markets for our offerings mature and the scale of our business increases, our rate of revenue, deferred
revenue and operating cash ﬂow growth may be lower than the growth rates we experienced in earlier periods. In
addition, to the extent that the adoption of our offerings occurs more slowly or is less pervasive than we expect,
our growth rates may slow or decline, which could adversely affect our stock price. Historical period-to-period
comparisons of our revenue, deferred revenue and operating cash ﬂow may not be meaningful and are not
guarantees of our future performance.
We may be subject to greater tax liabilities.
We are subject to income and other taxes in the US. and in numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our domestic
and foreign tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of revenue and expenses in different jurisdictions.
Additionally, the amount of taxes paid is subject to our interpretation of applicable tax laws in the jurisdictions in
which we operate. Changes in tax laws, or in judicial or administrative interpretations of tax laws, could have an
adverse effect on our business, ﬁnancial condition, operating results and cash ﬂows. Significant judgment is
required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there
are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly
subject to audits by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination
of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and
accruals. Economic and political pressures to increase tax revenue in various jurisdictions may make resolving
tax disputes more difficult. The results of an audit or litigation could adversely affect our financial statements in
the period or periods for which that determination is made.
We earn a significant amount of our operating income from outside the U.S., and any repatriation of funds
currently held in foreign jurisdictions may result in higher effective tax rates for the company. In addition, there
have been proposals to change US. tax laws that would significantly impact how US. multinational corporations
are taxed on foreign earnings. Although we cannot predict whether or in what form this proposed legislation may
pass, if enacted it could adversely affect our operating results and cash ﬂows.
Because we recognize revenue from subscriptions for our service over the term of the subscription,
downturns or upturns in sales may not be immediately reﬂected in our operating results.
We generally recognize subscription revenue from customers ratably over the term of their subscription
agreements, which are generally 12 to 36 months. As a result, much of the revenue we report in each quarter is
deferred revenue from subscription agreements entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in
subscriptions in any one quarter will not necessarily be fully reﬂected in the revenue in that quarter and will
negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. In addition, we may be unable to adjust our cost structure to
reﬂect this reduced revenue. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of
our service, and potential changes in our rate of renewals, may not be fully reﬂected in our operating results until
34