RED HAT, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
Property and equipment
Property and equipment is primarily comprised of furniture, computer equipment, computer software and
leasehold improvements, which are recorded at cost and depreciated or amortized using the straight-line method
over their estimated useful lives as follows: furniture and fixtures, seven years; computer equipment, three to four
years; computer software, five years; leasehold improvements, over the lesser of the estimated remaining useful
life of the asset or the remaining term of the lease. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to
operations as incurred; major expenditures for renewals and betterments are capitalized and depreciated. Property
and equipment acquired under capital leases are depreciated over the lesser of the estimated remaining useful life
of the asset or the remaining term of the lease.
Share-based compensation
The Company measures share-based compensation cost as of the grant date, based on the estimated fair
value of the award and recognizes the cost over the employee requisite service period, typically on a straight-line
basis, net of estimated forfeitures. The Company estimates the fair value of stock options using the Black-
Scholes-Merton valuation model. The fair value of nonvested share awards, nonvested share units and
performance share units (PSUs”) are measured at their underlying closing share price on the date of grant. The
Company’s share-based compensation is described further in NOTE 13—Share-based Awards.
Sales and marketing expenses
Sales and marketing expenses consist of costs, including salaries, sales commissions and related expenses,
such as travel, of all personnel involved in the sales and marketing process. Sales and marketing expenses also
include costs of advertising, sales lead generation programs, cooperative marketing arrangements and trade
shows. Payments made to resellers or other customers are recognized as a reduction of revenue unless the
Company (i) receives an identifiable beneﬁt (goods or services) in exchange for such payments that is
sufficiently separable from the purchase of the Company’s products and (ii) the Company can reasonably
estimate the fair value of the benefit identified. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred.
Advertising expense totaled $88.9 million, $62.6 million and $53.4 million for the years ended February 29,
2016, February 28, 2015 and February 28, 2014, respectively.
Research and development expenses
Research and development expenses include all direct costs, primarily salaries for Company personnel and
outside consultants, related to the development of new software products, significant enhancements to existing
software products, and the portion of costs of development of internal use software required to be expensed.
Research and development costs are charged to operations as incurred with the exception of those software
development costs that may qualify for capitalization.
Income taxes
The Company accounts for income taxes using the liability method in which deferred tax assets or liabilities
are recognized for the temporary differences between ﬁnancial reporting and tax bases of the Company’s assets
and liabilities and for tax carryforwards at enacted statutory tax rates in effect for the years in which the
differences are expected to reverse.
The Company continues to assess the realizability of its deferred tax assets, which primarily consist of
share-based compensation expense deductions, tax credit carryforwards and deferred revenue. In assessing the
realizability of these deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some
84