operating expenses from operations for our non-U.S. operations. Similarly, our revenue and operating expenses
will decrease for our non-US. operations if the US. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies.
Using the average foreign currency exchange rates from our prior fiscal year ended February 28, 2015, our
revenue and operating expenses from non-U.S. operations for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2016 would
have been higher than we reported by approximately $120.8 million and $97.3 million, respectively, which
would have resulted in income from operations being higher by $23.5 million.
Business combinations
Ansible
On October 16, 2015 we completed our acquisition of all of the shares of Ansible for approximately $126.0
million. Ansible is a provider of IT automation solutions that allows its users to manage applications across
hybrid cloud environments. The acquisition is intended to augment our management portfolio and help customers
to deploy and manage applications across private and public clouds, speed service delivery through development
and operations initiatives, streamline OpenStack installations and upgrades and accelerate container adoption by
simplifying orchestration and configuration. We incurred approximately $3.9 million in transaction costs,
including legal and accounting fees, relating to the acquisition. These transaction costs have been expensed as
incurred and included in general and administrative expense on the Company’s Consolidated Statement of
Operations for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2016.
F eedHenry
On October 8, 2014, we completed our acquisition of all of the shares of FeedHenry for approximately
$80.2 million. FeedHenry is a provider of cloud-based enterprise mobile application platforms. The acquisition is
intended to expand our portfolio of application development, integration and platform as a service solutions,
enabling us to support mobile application development in public and private environments. We incurred
approximately $1.1 million in transaction costs including legal and accounting fees relating to the acquisition.
These transaction costs have been expensed as incurred and included in general and administrative expense on
our Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended February 28, 2015.
eNovance
On June 24, 2014, we completed our acquisition of all of the shares of eNovance, a provider of open source
cloud computing services, for $67.6 million. The acquisition is intended to assist in advancing our market
position in OpenStack, and the addition of eNovance’s systems integration capabilities and engineering talent is
expected to help meet growing demand for enterprise OpenStack consulting, design and deployment. We
incurred approximately $0.9 million in transaction costs including legal and accounting fees relating to the
acquisition. These transaction costs have been expensed as incurred and included in general and administrative
expense on our Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended February 28, 2015.
Inktank
On April 30, 2014, we completed our acquisition of all of the shares of Inktank, a provider of scale-out,
open source storage systems, whose technology, Inktank Ceph Enterprise, delivers object and block storage
software to enterprises deploying public or private clouds for consideration of $152.5 million. The acquisition is
intended to complement our existing GlusterFS-based storage and Red Hat Enterprise Linux OpenStack Platform
offerings. We incurred approximately $2.0 million in transaction costs, including legal and accounting fees
relating to the acquisition. These transaction costs have been expensed as incurred and are included in general
and administrative expense on our Consolidated Statement of Operations for the the year ended February 28,
2015.
52