allows users to deploy, monitor and manage services across cloud service providers, virtualized and container-
based solutions. We also offer Ansible Tower, which is an IT automation and development and operations
platform that provides simplified multi-tier application deployment and IT automation across hybrid clouds.
Red Hat Mobile. Red Hat Mobile technologies enable customers to develop, integrate, deploy and manage
mobile applications for the enterprise. The Red Hat Mobile Application Platform offers ﬂexibility in choosing
front-end development tools while providing mobile backend as a service functionality, which is intended to
provide more secure integration of mobile applications with back-end systems.
Red Hat Storage. Red Hat Storage technologies offer a software-defined storage platform that enables users
to treat storage as a virtual resource across block, object and file system storage for deployment in hybrid cloud
environments. Red Hat Storage software aggregates disk and memory resources of multiple physical servers into
a unified storage pool, offering customers the ability to treat storage as a single scalable, shared, centrally-
managed pool of virtual storage for files, block and object storage. Additionally, users of enterprise OpenStack
deployments often use Red Hat Storage technologies for their storage needs.
Additional Red Hat offerings. Red Hat offerings also include other technologies, such as a realtime
operating system, high-performance distributed computing, directory services and user authentication. These
offerings broaden customer choice and are components of our open source architecture for the enterprise.
Red Hat consulting, support, and training services
Red Hat offers a range of services that are designed to help our customers derive additional value from Red
Hat offerings.
Consulting. We offer the services of experienced consultants focused on our offerings to assist with the
technology and strategic infrastructure needs of our customers. Our consulting services include assessments,
implementations, upgrade planning, platform migrations, solution integration and application development.
Support. Our Red Hat subscriptions generally include varying levels of technical support to assist customers
with implementing, configuring and using Red Hat technologies. In addition, Red Hat’s Customer Portal
provides an online method for customers to obtain certified software, access a knowledge base and software
update alerts and advisories, as well as interact with our technical support engineers. We also offer technical
account management services for customers that require a more personalized support relationship. The technical
account management services are designed to offer a highly skilled, proactive support engineer who understands
a customer’s IT infrastructure and serves as a primary point of contact for technical support that is tailored to the
customer’s business.
Training. Our training services consist of an array of interactive courses designed to meet the diverse needs
of our customers. We deliver courses worldwide in classroom, corporate on-site and online settings. These
courses span topics such as system administration, deployment, management and security, and enterprise
application development and integration. Certifications include Red Hat Certified Architect, Red Hat Certified
Engineer, Red Hat Certified J Boss Administrator, Red Hat Certified JBoss Developer, Red Hat Certified System
Administrator, Red Hat Certified System Administrator in Red Hat OpenStack, Red Hat Certified Virtualization
Administrator and Red Hat Certificates of Expertise in a variety of specialties.
By providing consulting and support services that help to enable infrastructure, application integration and
middleware solutions both on-premise or in a cloud, we facilitate further adoption and use of our technologies in
the enterprise. In addition, our training services help populate customers and partners with skilled Red Hat
certified professionals who often serve as internal open source advocates, increasing opportunities for successful
adoption and use of our technologies. Our service capabilities promote and reinforce the use of open source
technologies as well as our Red Hat brands.
13