- FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016
- $2.05 billion in total revenue, an increase of 15% over fiscal 2015
.3- ® h at@ - $199 million in net income, or $1.07 per diluted share
- $1.72 billion in deferred revenue at the end of fiscal 2016, an increase
of 16% over fiscal 2015
- $716 million in operating cash flow, an increase of 15% over fiscal 2015
- $2.00 billion in cash and investments at the end of fiscal 2016
Dear Red Hat Stockholder:
I am pleased to report that the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 marked our 56th consecutive quarter of revenue
growth, contributing to Red Hat’s first fiscal year crossing $2 billion in total revenue. Customer demand for
technologies that modernize development, deployment and life—cycle management across hybrid cloud
environments helped drive annual subscription revenue growth of 16% in US. dollars. Subscription revenue
from our Infrastructure—related offerings, which include our core Red Hat Enterprise Linux technology, grew
12% in US. dollars while our Application Development-related and other emerging technology offerings,
which include our middleware and cloud technologies, grew 37% in US. dollars.
Corporations and organizations in today’s digital economy must deliver innovative solutions more rapidly,
modernize existing workloads and processes, and build agile applications to meet customer demands and
compete effectively—all while improving security and management. Red Hat’s breadth ofopen source
technologies spanning infrastructure, application development, middleware, and management layers,
combined with award—winning support, training and consulting services, help transform an organization’s
data center to meet those customer demands and gain competitive advantage. We connect our customers
with our certified ecosystem to enable them to harness the transformative power of open source enterprise IT.
Information technology is changing the way companies compete in virtually every industry today. In the
years ahead, success will be defined in part by the corporations and organizations that embrace fast, agile
IT as industry innovation accelerates around them. Open source—based technologies will continue to help
drive 21St century innovation, and so will Red Hat. We are excited about the long-term growth prospects for
Red Hat and our growing strategic importance to the customers we serve. We plan to continue investing for
long—term growth, with a particular focus on driving adoption ofour open, hybrid cloud technologies with
enterprise and service—provider customers.
With a focused workforce of more than 9,000 Red Hat associates around the globe, we believe that a coalition
built upon the foundation of open source principles of collaboration, transparency, and choice will build the
future of IT. Thank you for your continued support as we help enable our customers to harvest the benefits of
open source technology and cloud computing.
JAMES M. WHITEHURST
Chief Executive Officer and President
Red Hat, Inc.