RED HAT, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
Level 3—Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and are significant to the fair
value of the assets or liabilities.
The Company’s investments are comprised primarily of debt securities that are classified as available for
sale and recorded at their fair market values. Liquid investments with effective maturities of three months or less
at the date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents. Investments with remaining effective maturities of
twelve months or less from the balance sheet date are classiﬁed as short-term investments. Investments with
remaining effective maturities of more than twelve months from the balance sheet date are classified as long-term
investments. The Company’s Level 1 financial instruments are valued using quoted prices in active markets for
identical instruments. The Company’s Level 2 financial instruments, including derivative instruments, are valued
using quoted prices for identical instruments in less active markets or using other observable market inputs for
comparable instruments.
Unrealized gains and temporary losses on investments classified as available for sale are included within
accumulated other comprehensive income, net of any related tax effect. Upon realization, such amounts are
reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to Other income (expense), net. Realized gains and
losses and other than temporary impairments, if any, are reﬂected in the consolidated statements of operations as
Other income (expense), net. The Company does not recognize changes in the fair value of its investments in
income unless a decline in value is considered other than temporary. The vast majority of the Company’s
investments are priced by pricing vendors. These pricing vendors use the most recent observable market
information in pricing these securities or, if specific prices are not available for these securities, use other
observable inputs. In the event observable inputs are not available, the Company assesses other factors to
determine the security’s market value, including broker quotes or model valuations. Independent price
veriﬁcations of all holdings are performed by pricing vendors which are then reviewed by the Company. In the
event a price fails a pre-established tolerance check, it is researched so that the Company can assess the cause of
the variance to determine what the Company believes is the appropriate fair market value. See NOTE 18—Assets
and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis for further discussion on fair value measurements.
The Company minimizes its credit risk associated with investments by investing primarily in investment
grade, liquid securities. The Company’s policy is designed to limit exposures to any one issuer depending on
credit quality. Periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of those issuers are considered in the
Company’s investment strategy.
Internal use software
The Company capitalizes costs related to the development of internal use software for its website, enterprise
resource planning system and systems management applications. The Company amortizes the costs of computer
software developed for internal use on a straight-line basis over an estimated useful life of five years. The
carrying value of internal use software is included in property and equipment on the Company’s Consolidated
Balance Sheets.
Capitalized software costs
Capitalization of software development costs for products to be sold to third parties begins upon the
establishment of technological feasibility and ceases when the product is available for general release. As a result
of the Company’s practice of frequently releasing source code that it has developed on an on-going basis for
unrestricted download on the Internet, there is generally no passage of time between achievement of
technological feasibility and the availability of the Company’s product for general release. Therefore, at
February 29, 2016 and February 28, 2015, the Company had no internally developed capitalized software costs
for products to be sold to third parties.
83