Although we follow an established investment policy and seek to minimize the risks associated with our
investments by investing primarily in investment grade, highly liquid securities and by limiting the amounts
invested with any one institution, type of security or issuer, we cannot give assurances that the assets in our
investment portfolio will not lose value or become impaired, or that our interest income will not decline.
A significant part of our investment portfolio consists of US. government and agency securities. If global
credit and equity markets experience prolonged periods of decline, or if there is a default or downgrade of US.
government or agency debt, our investment portfolio may be adversely impacted and we could determine that
some of our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment
charges that could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
Future ﬂuctuations and uncertainty in economic and market conditions could adversely affect the market
value of our investments, and we could record additional impairment charges and lose some or all of the
principal value of investments in our portfolio. A total loss of an investment or a significant decline in the value
of our investment portfolio could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. For information
regarding the sensitivity of and risks associated with the market value of portfolio investments and interest rates,
see Part II, Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk”.
Our investments in private companies are subject to risk of loss of investment capital. Some of these
investments may have been made to further our strategic objectives and support our key business initiatives. Our
investments in private companies are inherently risky because the markets for the technologies they have under
development are typically in the early stages and may never materialize. We could lose the value of our entire
investment in these companies.
Epidemics, geo-political events, Internet and power outages or natural disasters could adversely affect our
business, ﬁnancial condition, operating results and cash ﬂows.
The occurrence of one or more epidemics, geo-political events (such as civil unrest or terrorist attacks),
Internet and power outages or natural disasters in a country in which we operate or in which technology industry
suppliers or our customers are located, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results
and cash ﬂows. Such events could result in physical damage to, or the complete loss of, one or more of our
facilities, the lack of an adequate work force in a market, the inability of our customers to access our offerings,
the inability of our associates to reach or have transportation to our facilities or our customers’ facilities directly
affected by such events, the evacuation of the populace from areas in which our facilities are located, changes in
the purchasing patterns of our customers, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of computer
hardware and related components, the disruption or delay in the manufacture and transport of goods globally, the
disruption of utility services to our facilities or to suppliers, partners or customers, or disruption in our
communications with our customers.
RISKS RELATED TO THE CONVERTIBLE NOTES
The convertible notes are effectively subordinated to any secured debt we incur in the future and to any
liabilities of our subsidiaries.
In October 2014, we issued $805.0 million of 0.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2019 (the “convertible
notes”). The convertible notes will rank senior in right of payment to any of our indebtedness that is expressly
subordinated in right of payment to the convertible notes; equal in right of payment to any of our existing and
future indebtedness and other liabilities that are not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any
of our secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally
junior to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries (including trade payables). In
the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganization or other winding up, our assets that secure debt ranking
senior in right of payment to the convertible notes will be available to pay obligations on the convertible notes
36