RED HAT, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (“ASU 2014-09”). The FASB issued ASU 2014-09 to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue
and to develop a common revenue standard for generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and
International Financial Reporting Standards. The standard outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to
use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes the most current revenue
recognition guidance. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning the first quarter of its fiscal year
ending February 28, 2019. The standard must be adopted using either a full retrospective approach for all periods
presented in the period of adoption or a modified retrospective approach. The Company has initiated an
assessment of its systems, data and processes related to the implementation of this accounting standard. This
assessment is expected to be completed during fiscal 2017. Additionally, the Company is currently evaluating the
potential impact that the implementation of this standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.
NOTE 3—Business Combinations
Acquisition of Ansible, Inc.
On October 16, 2015 the Company completed its acquisition of all of the shares of Ansible, Inc.
(“Ansible”). Ansible is a provider of IT automation solutions that allows its users to manage applications across
hybrid cloud environments. The acquisition is intended to augment the Company’s management portfolio and
help customers to deploy and manage applications across private and public clouds, speed service delivery
through development and operations initiatives, streamline OpenStack installations and upgrades and accelerate
container adoption by simplifying orchestration and configuration.
The consideration paid was $126.0 million and includes $125.2 million of cash. Based on management’s
provisional assessment of the acquisition-date fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the total
consideration transferred of $126.0 million has been allocated to the Company’s assets and liabilities on a
preliminary basis as follows: $102.3 million to goodwill, $25.1 million to identifiable intangible assets and $1.4
million to working capital as a net current liability.
During February 2016, the Company completed its valuation of the identifiable intangible assets acquired
from Ansible. As a result of the valuation, the Company reduced its preliminary estimate of identifiable
intangible assets by $17.3 million to $25.1 million as of February 29, 2016 from $42.4 million as of
November 30, 2015. The $17.3 million measurement-period adjustment resulted in an increase to goodwill of
$10.8 million and a decrease to deferred taxes of $6.5 million. This adjustment had no significant impact on the
Company’s financial results. Management expects to finalize its assessment of the acquisition-date fair value of
Ansible’s other assets and liabilities, primarily deferred income taxes, in early fiscal 2017.
The Company incurred approximately $3.9 million in transaction costs, including legal and accounting fees,
relating to the acquisition. These transaction costs have been expensed as incurred and included in general and
administrative expense on the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations for the ﬁscal year ended
February 29, 2016.
Acquisition of F eedHenry Ltd.
On October 8, 2014 the Company completed its acquisition of all of the shares of FeedHenry Ltd.
(“FeedHenry”). FeedHenry is a provider of cloud-based enterprise mobile application platforms. The acquisition
is intended to expand the Company’s portfolio of application development, integration and platform as a service
solutions, enabling the Company to support mobile application development in public and private environments.
88