In addition, Red Hat offers a portfolio of add-ons that extends the features of Red Hat Enterprise Linux.
These add-ons, which are designed to tailor a customer’s computing environment to suit its specific
requirements, include:
- High Availability—provides failover services between nodes within a cluster intended to make
applications more resistant to downtime.
° Resilient Storage—enables a shared storage or clustered file system to access the same storage device
over a network.
° Network Load Balancer—provides redundancy for web servers, databases, networking and storage,
intended to maximize throughput, decrease response time and increase reliability and uptime.
- Smart Management—includes management and provisioning modules that allow a customer to
provision, patch, configure and control Red Hat Enterprise Linux development, test and production
systems.
- Extended Lifecycle Support—provides software maintenance and support after Red Hat’s published end
of life date for certain versions of Red Hat Enterprise Linux.
° Extended Update Support—extends the software maintenance and support period of certain eligible Red
Hat Enterprise Linux subscriptions for up to 24 months to give customers more ﬂexibility with their
resource and deployment cycles.
° Red Hat Insights—provides a hosted service that is designed to help customers proactively identify and
resolve technical issues in their Red Hat Enterprise Linux and Red Hat Cloud Infrastructure
environments.
We believe that these add-ons provide customers with increased features, ﬂexibility and choice.
Red Hat Satellite. Red Hat Satellite is a system management offering that is designed to make Red Hat
infrastructure easier to deploy, scale and manage across physical and virtual servers, as well as on public and
private clouds. Red Hat Satellite provides broad capabilities for systems provisioning, configuration
management, content management and subscription management.
Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization. Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization includes standalone Virtualization
functionality and management tools for both server and desktop deployments. Virtualization allows a single
computer system to function as multiple virtual systems by abstracting operating systems and application
software from the underlying hardware infrastructure, thereby allowing customers to use a common hardware
infrastructure to run multiple operating systems and applications. Virtualization is intended to enhance the capital
and operational efficiencies of enterprises by increasing server utilization and deployment ﬂexibility.
Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization combines the Kernel-based Virtual Machine (KVM) hypervisor included
in the Linux kernel with the oVirt open source Virtualization management system to offer customers a platform
for large-scale Virtualization initiatives and cloud deployments. Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization is designed to
support virtual machines running Red Hat Enterprise Linux and its wide ecosystem of certified hardware systems
and software applications, as well as Microsoft Windows operating systems and application servers supported
under Microsoft Windows Server Virtualization Validation Program (SVVP).
Application Development-related and other emerging technology offerings
Red Hat JBoss Middleware. Red Hat JBoss Middleware is a suite of offerings for developing, deploying and
managing applications, integrating applications, data and devices, and automating business processes across
physical, virtual, cloud and mobile environments. Red Hat JBoss Middleware offerings can also be deployed on
OpenShift by Red Hat to provide middleware functionality as a service. Middleware generally refers to the
software that enables the development, operation and integration of applications and other software. Red Hat
11