for free. We also develop and offer these disruptive technologies with consumption-based pricing, which may
have an effect on the demand for our subscription-based offerings.
An increased focus on developing and providing emerging technology offerings may require a greater focus
on marketing more holistic solutions, rather than individual offerings. Consequently, we may need to develop
appropriate marketing and pricing strategies for our offerings, our customers’ purchasing decisions may become
more complex and require additional levels of approval and the duration of sales cycles for our offerings may
increase.
If we are unable to adapt our business model to changes in the marketplace or if demand for our offerings
declines, our business, financial condition, operating results and cash ﬂows could be adversely affected.
If our customers do not renew their subscription agreements with us, or if they renew on less favorable
terms, our business, ﬁnancial results, operating results and cash ﬂows may be adversely affected.
Our customers may not renew their subscriptions after the expiration of their subscription agreements and in
fact some customers elect not to do so. In addition, our customers may opt for a lower-priced edition of our
offerings or for fewer subscriptions. We have limited historical data with respect to rates of customer
subscription renewals, so we cannot accurately predict customer renewal rates. Our customers’ renewal rates may
decline or ﬂuctuate as a result of a number of factors, including their level of satisfaction with our services and
their ability to continue their operations and spending levels. Government contracts could be subject to future
funding that may affect the extension or termination of programs and generally are subject to the right of the
government to terminate for convenience or non-appropriation. If we experience a decline in the renewal rates
for our customers or they opt for lower-priced editions of our offerings or fewer subscriptions, our business,
financial condition, operating results and cash ﬂows may be adversely affected.
If third-party enterprise hardware and software providers do not continue to make their products and
services compatible with our offerings, our software may cease to be competitive and our business,
financial condition, operating results and cash ﬂows may be adversely affected.
The competitive position of our offerings is dependent on their compatibility with products and services of
third-party enterprise hardware and software companies. To the extent that a hardware or software vendor might
have or develop products and services that compete with ours, the vendor may have an incentive to seek to limit
the performance, functionality or compatibility of our offerings when used with one or more of the vendor’s
offerings. In addition, these vendors may fail to support or issue statements of compatibility or certification of
our offerings when used with their offerings. We intend to encourage the development of additional applications
that operate on both current and new versions of our offerings by, among other means, attracting third-party
developers to our offerings, providing open source tools to create these applications and maintaining our existing
developer relationships through marketing and technical support. We intend to encourage the compatibility of
our software with various third-party hardware and software offerings by maintaining and expanding our
relationships, both business and technical, with relevant independent hardware and software vendors. If we are
not successful in achieving these goals, however, our offerings may not be competitive and our business,
financial condition, operating results and cash ﬂows may be adversely affected.
If open source software programmers, most of whom we do not employ, do not continue to develop and
enhance open source technologies, we may be unable to develop new technologies, adequately enhance our
existing technologies or meet customer requirements for innovation, quality and price.
We rely to a significant degree on a number of largely informal communities of independent open source
software programmers to develop and enhance our enterprise technologies. For example, Linus Torvalds, a
prominent open source software developer, and a relatively small group of software engineers, many of whom
are not employed by us, are primarily responsible for the development and evolution of the Linux kernel, which
25