only after the secured debt has been repaid in full from these assets, and the assets of our subsidiaries will be
available to pay obligations on the convertible notes only after all claims senior to the convertible notes have
been repaid in full. There may not be sufficient assets remaining to pay amounts due on any or all of the
convertible notes then outstanding.
We may still incur substantially more debt or take other actions that could diminish our ability to make
payments on the convertible notes.
We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional debt in the future, subject to the
restrictions contained in our future debt instruments, some of which may be secured debt. We are not restricted
under the terms of the indenture governing the convertible notes from incurring additional debt, securing existing
or future debt, recapitalizing our debt or taking a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the
indenture governing the convertible notes that could have the effect of diminishing our ability to make payments
on the convertible notes when due.
We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the convertible notes in
cash, repay the convertible notes at maturity or repurchase the convertible notes upon a fundamental
change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or
repurchase of the convertible notes.
Holders of the convertible notes will have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their
convertible notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the
principal amount of the convertible notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. In addition,
upon conversion of the convertible notes, unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our common stock to settle
such conversion (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we will be required to make
cash payments in respect of the convertible notes being converted. However, we may not have enough available
cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of the convertible notes
surrendered therefor or pay cash with respect to the convertible notes being converted or at their maturity.
In addition, our ability to repurchase or to pay cash upon conversions of the convertible notes may be
limited by law, regulatory authority or agreements governing our future indebtedness and is dependent on our
future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control.
Our failure to repurchase the convertible notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the indenture or to
pay any cash payable on future conversions of the convertible notes as required by the indenture would constitute
a default under the indenture. A fundamental change under the indenture or a default under the indenture could
also lead to a default under agreements governing our future indebtedness. If the repayment of the related
indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient
funds to repay the indebtedness and repurchase the convertible notes or make cash payments upon conversions
thereof.
The conditional conversion feature of the convertible notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our ﬁnancial
condition and operating results.
In the event the conditional conversion feature of the convertible notes is triggered, holders of the
convertible notes will be entitled to convert the convertible notes at any time during specified periods at their
option. If one or more holders elect to convert their convertible notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion
obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any
fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment
of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their
convertible notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the
outstanding principal of the convertible notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a
material reduction of our net working capital.
37