Increasing revenue by promoting a range of services to help our customers derive additional value
We seek to increase revenue by providing additional consulting and other targeted services. We also enable
our partners to provide services that promote growth in our subscription revenue. These services are designed to
help customers derive additional value from Red Hat offerings.
Expanding routes to market
We intend to continue to grow our direct sales channel as well as our CCSPs, distributors, embedded
technology partners, IHVs, ISVs, OEMs, VARs and other channel partner networks on a global basis. In
addition, we are enhancing our relationships with SIS in order to expand our reach to customers that traditionally
rely on SIS for advice and recommendations regarding their technology purchases.
Growing our presence in international markets
We have operations in a number of countries in the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific, with more than 85
locations worldwide. We expect to continue to expand our operations geographically when appropriate. See
NOTE 20—Segment Reporting to our Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our revenue by
geographic area.
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
Red Hat’s software offerings are designed to provide customers with high-performing, scalable, ﬂexible,
reliable and secure technologies that meet customers’ IT needs, both on-premise (i.e., running on computers
located within a customer’s data center or in a private cloud) and in a public cloud. Through our offerings, our
customers and partners are able to take advantage of the quality and value of open source software that we help
to develop, aggregate, integrate, test, certify, deliver, maintain, enhance and support. Customers can also take
advantage of the ﬂexibility of our software offerings to build a variety of deployment models on which to run
their applications, including in the legacy data centers and emerging technology ecosystems. Our service
offerings include consulting, support and training.
Infrastructure-related offerings
Red Hat Enterprise Linux technologies. Red Hat Enterprise Linux is an operating system built with open
source software components, including the Linux kernel, and is designed expressly for enterprise computing to
run on a broad range of hardware in physical, Virtual, container and cloud environments. An operating system is
the software that allows a computer and its various hardware and software components to interact. A worldwide
community of developers collaborates to improve Linux software components, and we believe we are able to
integrate the best of those improvements into our stable, yet innovative and high-performing Red Hat Enterprise
Linux platform. Moreover, Red Hat Enterprise Linux enjoys the support of major CCSPs, IHVs, ISVs, OEMs
and other technology partners, increasing the interest of developers in adding further enhancements to the Linux
kernel and other open source software components.
Red Hat Enterprise Linux delivers features required for enterprise deployments, including support for a wide
range of ISV applications from vendors, such as BMC, CA, EMC, HPE, IBM, Microsoft, Oracle, SAP, SAS,
Symantec and VMware; certification on multiple architectures and leading OEM platforms, including platforms
offered by Cisco, Dell, Fujitsu, HPE, Hitachi, IBM, Lenovo and NEC; and comprehensive technical support, with
up to 24x7, one-hour response, available from both Red Hat and selected OEM partners.
Red Hat Enterprise Linux is also available in multiple variants that allow customers to obtain a version of
Red Had Enterprise Linux specifically for their use cases, applications, and hardware architectures. Variant
options include Red Hat Enterprise Linux Atomic Host, designed to run applications with Linux containers, Red
Hat Enterprise Linux for High-Performance Computing, Red Hat Enterprise Linux for IBM 2 Systems, and Red
Hat Enterprise Linux for SAP Applications.
10