We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions.
The option counterparties are financial institutions or affiliates of financial institutions, and we will be
subject to the risk that these option counterparties may default under the convertible note hedge transactions. Our
exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. If one or more of the
option counterparties to one or more of our convertible note hedge transactions becomes subject to insolvency
proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at the
time under those transactions. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, the increase in our
exposure will be correlated to the increase in the market price of our common stock and in the volatility of the
market price of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by one of the option counterparties, we may suffer
dilution with respect to our common stock as well as adverse financial consequences. We can provide no
assurances as to the financial stability or Viability of any of the option counterparties.
RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR COMMON STOCK
Our stock price has been volatile historically and may continue to be volatile.
The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be subject to wide ﬂuctuations. Our
stock price may ﬂuctuate in response to a number of events and factors, such as quarterly variations in operating
results, announcements of technological innovations or new offerings by us or our competitors, announcements
relating to strategic decisions, announcements related to key personnel, customer purchase delays, service
disruptions, changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts, the operating and stock
price performance of other companies that investors may deem comparable to us, news reports relating to trends
in our markets, the commencement or termination of any share repurchase program, general economic conditions
and other risks listed herein.
The sale of our common stock by significant stockholders may cause the price of our common stock to
decrease.
Several of our stockholders own significant portions of our common stock. If these stockholders were to sell
all or a portion of their holdings of our common stock, then the market price of our common stock could be
negatively impacted. The effect of such sales, or of significant portions of our stock being offered or made
available for sale, could result in strong downward pressure on our stock price. Investors should be aware that
they could experience significant short-term volatility in our stock if such stockholders decide to sell all or a
portion of their holdings of our common stock at once or within a short period of time.
We may issue additional shares of our common stock or instruments convertible into shares of our
common stock and thereby materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
We are not restricted from issuing additional shares of our common stock or other instruments convertible
into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of our common stock. If we issue additional shares of our
common stock or instruments convertible into shares of our common stock, it may materially and adversely
affect the market price of our common stock.
In addition, a substantial number of shares of our common stock is reserved for instruments issued under our
equity compensation plans, including for the issuance upon the exercise of stock options and the vesting of
performance share units, restricted stock, restricted stock units and deferred stock units, upon conversion of the
convertible notes, and in relation to the convertible note hedge and warrant transactions entered into in
connection with the convertible notes. We may not be able to predict the size of future issuances or the effect, if
any, that they may have on the market price for our common stock. The issuance and sale of substantial amounts
of common stock, or the perception that such issuances and sales may occur, could adversely affect the market
price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of equity or equity-linked
securities.
39