RED HAT, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
The consideration paid as of the closing date was $80.2 million and has been allocated to the Company’s
assets and liabilities as follows: $68.5 million to goodwill, $9.0 million to identifiable intangible assets and the
remaining $2.7 million to net working capital.
The Company incurred approximately $1.1 million in transaction costs, including legal and accounting fees,
relating to the acquisition. These transaction costs have been expensed as incurred and included in general and
administrative expense on the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations for the ﬁscal year ended
February 28, 2015.
Acquisition of eNovance, SAS
On June 24, 2014, the Company completed its acquisition of all of the shares of eNovance, SAS
(“eNovance”), a provider of open source cloud computing services. The acquisition is intended to assist in
advancing the Company’s market position in OpenStack, and the addition of eNovance’s systems integration
capabilities and engineering talent is expected to help meet growing demand for enterprise OpenStack
consulting, design and deployment.
The consideration paid was $67.6 million and has been allocated to the Company’s assets and liabilities as
follows: $60.8 million to goodwill, $5.3 million to identifiable intangible assets and the remaining $1.5 million to
net working capital.
In addition to the cash consideration transferred, the Company issued a total of 529,057 restricted common
shares to certain employee-shareholders. The vesting of these restricted shares is conditioned on continued
employment with the Company. As a result of the employment condition, the transfer of these shares has been
accounted for apart from the business combination. The shares effectively vest 25% per year, with the closing-
date date fair value of the shares being amortized, on a straight-line basis, to share-based compensation expense
in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations.
The Company incurred approximately $0.9 million in transaction costs, including legal and accounting fees,
relating to the acquisition. These transaction costs have been expensed as incurred and included in general and
administrative expense on the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations for the fiscal year ended
February 28, 2015.
Acquisition of Inktank Storage, Inc.
On April 30, 2014, the Company completed its acquisition of all of the shares of Inktank Storage, Inc.
(“Inktank”), a provider of scale-out, open source storage systems, whose ﬂagship technology, Inktank Ceph
Enterprise, delivers object and block storage software to enterprises deploying public or private clouds. The
acquisition is intended to complement the Company’s existing GlusterFS-based storage offering.
The consideration paid was $152.5 million and has been allocated to the Company’s assets and liabilities as
follows: $131.4 million to goodwill, $10.8 million to identifiable intangible assets and the remaining $10.3
million to net working capital.
The Company incurred approximately $2.0 million in transaction costs, including legal and accounting fees,
relating to the acquisition. These transaction costs have been expensed as incurred and included in general and
administrative expense on the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations for the fiscal year ended
February 28, 2015.
89