RED HAT, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
Peiformance-based Share awards
Under the LTIP, certain executive officers and senior management were awarded a target number of
performance share units (“PSUs”). The PSU payouts are either based on (i) the Company’s financial performance
(“performance condition”) or (ii) the performance of the Company’s total stockholder return (“market
condition”). Set forth below are general descriptions of the two types of performance-based awards granted to
certain executive officers and members of senior management.
PSUs with performance conditions
Depending on the Company’s financial performance measured against the financial performance of
specified peer companies during a three-year performance period, PSU grantees may earn up to 200% of the
target number of PSUs (the “Maximum PSUs”). Payouts are earned over a performance period with two separate
performance segments. Up to 50% of the Maximum PSUs may be earned in respect of the first performance
segment; and up to 100% of the Maximum PSUs may be earned in respect of the second performance segment,
less the amount earned in the first performance segment.
PSUs with market conditions
Depending on the performance of the Company’s total stockholder return over a performance period of
approximately three years, PSU grantees may earn up to 200% of the target number of PSUs. The number of
PSUs earned is determined based on a comparison of the performance of the Company’s total shareholder return
relative to the performance of the total shareholder return of specified peer companies during the same
performance period. Each grantee will receive a number of shares of common stock equal to the number of PSUs
earned in a single payout following the end of the performance period.
In addition to the PSUs with the market condition described above, certain executives were awarded a total
of 242,352 PSUs that pay out only if the Company’s total shareholder return increases by at least 50% within a
three-year performance period beginning on August 6, 2014 (“TSR Hurdle PSUs”). If the performance goal is
achieved during the performance period and the grantee’s business relationship with the Company has not
ceased, 50% of the TSR Hurdle PSUs vest upon achievement of the performance goal and the remaining 50% of
the TSR Hurdle PSUs vest on the last day of the four-year service period beginning on August 6, 2014. The TSR
Hurdle PSUs’ performance goal was met during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016.
103