Income taxes
As described in NOTE 2—Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our Consolidated Financial
Statements, we account for income taxes using the liability method in which deferred tax assets or liabilities are
recognized for the temporary differences between financial reporting and tax bases of our assets and liabilities
and for tax carryforwards at enacted statutory tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are
expected to reverse.
We continue to assess the realizability of our deferred tax assets, which primarily consist of share-based
compensation expense deductions (described above), tax credit carryforwards and deferred revenue. In assessing
the realizability of these deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. As of February 29, 2016, deferred tax assets totaled
$193.3 million, of which $3.3 million was offset by a valuation allowance. For further discussion regarding
deferred income taxes see NOTE 2—Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and NOTE ll—Income Taxes
to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Because tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations, significant judgment is required. As a
result, we make certain estimates and assumptions in (i) calculating our income tax expense, deferred tax assets
and deferred tax liabilities, (ii) determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets and
(iii) evaluating the amount of unrecognized tax benefits, as well as the interest and penalties related to such
uncertain tax positions. Our estimates and assumptions may differ significantly from tax benefits ultimately
realized. For further discussion regarding uncertain tax positions see NOTE 11—Income Taxes to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Loss contingencies
We are subject to the possibility of various losses arising in the course of conducting our business, including
losses related to legal proceedings and claims brought against us. We consider the likelihood of loss or
impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability, as well as our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of
loss, in determining loss contingencies. An estimated loss contingency is accrued when it is probable that an
asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated.
Signiﬁcant judgment is required in evaluating both the likelihood and the estimated amount of a potential
loss. Until the final resolution of a matter, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of the amount recorded, and
such amount could be material. Should any of our estimates or assumptions change or prove to have been
incorrect, it could materially adversely impact on our business, financial condition, operating results or cash
ﬂows.
56