ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Our headquarters is currently located in a subleased facility at 100 East Davie Street, Raleigh, North
Carolina. The building includes approximately 380,000 square feet of office and retail space and an integrated
parking deck. We entered into an agreement to sublease this building on December 27, 2011, and the sublease
will expire on August 23, 2035. The rental payments under the sublease are approximately $4.6 million annually
until December 31, 2020 and approximately $3.8 million annually thereafter until the end of the sublease. We are
also responsible for payment of taxes and all operating expenses relating to the subleased building (other than
certain expenses relating to the operation of the integrated parking deck and the retail portions of the building,
which are the responsibility of the tenants of those portions of the building). Over the term of the sublease
agreement, we also receive certain rent credits and improvement allowances.
In addition to our headquarters, we have leased office facilities in over 35 countries and more than 85
locations. Significant locations in North America include Atlanta, Georgia; Chicago, Illinois; Dallas, Texas;
Durham, North Carolina, Los Angeles, California; Mahwah, New Jersey; McLean, Virginia; Montreal, Canada;
Mountain View, California; New York, New York; Toronto, Canada and Westford, Massachusetts. Significant
locations in Latin America include Buenos Aires, Argentina; Mexico City, Mexico; Santiago, Chile and Sao
Paulo, Brazil. Signiﬁcant locations in EMEA include Amsterdam, Netherlands; Barcelona, Spain; Brno, Czech
Republic; Cork, Ireland; Farnborough, United Kingdom; Frankfurt, Germany; London, United Kingdom;
Madrid, Spain; Milan, Italy; Munich, Germany; Paris, France; Ra’anana, Israel; Rome, Italy; Stockholm,
Sweden; Stuttgart, Germany and Waterford, Ireland. Significant locations in Asia Pacific include Bangalore,
India; Beijing, China; Brisbane, Australia; Hong Kong; Melbourne, Australia; Mumbai, India; New Delhi, India;
Pune, India; Seoul, South Korea; Singapore; Sydney, Australia and Tokyo, Japan. We believe that in all material
respects our properties have been satisfactorily maintained, are in good condition and are suitable for our
operations.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Company experiences routine litigation in the normal course of its business, including patent litigation.
The Company presently believes that the outcome of this routine litigation will not have a material adverse effect
on its financial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
This Item is not applicable.
41