ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
There were no changes in or disagreements with our accountants on accounting and financial disclosure
matters.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Role of Controls and Procedures
Our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a—15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act) or our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a—15 (f) and 15d-15(f) under the
Securities Exchange Act) will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system’s objectives will be met.
Further, the design of a control system must reﬂect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of
the controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
within a company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-
making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error and mistake. Controls can also be
circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management
override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements
due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of
controls and procedures to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls and procedures may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the controls and procedures
may have deteriorated.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of the end of
the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance
level.
Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is set forth above under Part H, Item 8,
“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting.”
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
No changes in our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting occurred during the fiscal quarter ended
February 29, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
None.
1 16