RED HAT, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The Company continues to maintain a valuation
allowance against its deferred tax assets with respect to certain foreign net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards.
With respect to foreign earnings, it is the Company’s policy to invest the earnings of foreign subsidiaries
indefinitely outside the US. From time to time, however, the Company may remit a portion of these earnings to
the extent it incurs no additional US. tax and it is otherwise feasible.
Because tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations, significant judgment is required. As a
result, the Company makes certain estimates and assumptions in (i) calculating its income tax expense, deferred
tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, (ii) determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax
assets and (iii) evaluating the amount of unrecognized tax benefits, as well as the interest and penalties related to
such uncertain tax positions. The Company’s estimates and assumptions may differ significantly from tax
benefits ultimately realized. The Company’s income tax expense and deferred taxes are described further in
NOTE ll—Income Taxes.
Foreign currency translation
The Euro has been determined to be the primary functional currency for the Company’s European
operations and local currencies have been determined to be the functional currencies for the Company’s Asia
Pacific and Latin American operations, with the exception of the Company’s operations in Mexico, where the
functional currency is the US. dollar. Foreign exchange gains and losses, which result from the process of
remeasuring foreign currency transactions into the appropriate functional currency, are included in other income,
net in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations.
The impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates resulting from the translation of foreign currency
financial statements into US. dollars for financial reporting purposes is included in other comprehensive income,
which is a separate component of stockholders’ equity. Assets and liabilities are translated into US. dollars at
exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Income and expense items are translated at average rates for the
period.
Customers and credit risk
Financial instruments, which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk, consist
principally of cash, cash equivalents, investments and trade receivables. The Company primarily places its cash,
cash equivalents and investments with high-credit quality financial institutions which invest predominantly in
US. government instruments, investment grade corporate bonds and certificates of deposit guaranteed by banks
which are members of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Cash deposits are primarily in financial
institutions in the US. and the United Kingdom. However, cash for monthly operating costs of international
operations are deposited in banks outside the US.
The Company performs credit evaluations to reduce credit risk and generally requires no collateral from its
customers. Management estimates the allowance for uncollectible accounts based on their historical experience
and credit evaluation. The Company’s standard credit terms are net 30 days in North America, net 30 to 45 days
in EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and Latin America, and range from net 30 to net 60 days in Asia
Pacific.
Net income per common share
The Company computes basic net income per common share by dividing net income available to common
stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted net income per common
85