suspension from future government contracting. In addition, we may be subject to qui tam litigation, the process
by which a private individual sues or prosecutes on behalf of the government relating to government contracts
and shares in the proceeds of any successful litigation or settlement, which could include claims for up to treble
damages. Further, any negative publicity related to our customer contracts or any proceedings surrounding them,
regardless of its accuracy, may damage our business and affect our ability to compete for new contracts. There is
increased pressure for governments and their agencies, both domestically and internationally, to reduce spending.
If our customer contracts are terminated, if we are suspended from government work, if we are unable to meet
government certification requirements, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, we
could suffer an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash ﬂows.
We may be subject to legal liability associated with providing online services or content.
We provide offerings, such as OpenShift by Red Hat, that enable users to exchange information, advertise
products and services, conduct business, and engage in various online activities. The law relating to the liability
of providers of these online offerings for activities of their users is relatively unsettled and still developing both
in the US. and internationally and may be significantly different from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Claims could
be brought against us based on the nature and content of information that we publish or to which we provide
links or that may be posted online or generated by us or by third parties, including our customers. In addition, we
could be subject to domestic or international actions alleging that certain content we have generated or third-
party content that we have made available within our services violates applicable law.
RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL UN CERTAINTY
Our quarterly and annual operating results may not be a reliable indicator of our future financial
performance.
Due to the unpredictability of the IT spending environment, among other reasons, our revenue and operating
results have ﬂuctuated and may continue to ﬂuctuate. We base our current and projected future expense levels, in
part, on our estimates of future revenue. Our expenses are, to a large extent, fixed in the short term. Accordingly,
we may not be able to adjust our spending quickly enough to protect our projected operating results for a quarter
if our revenue in that quarter falls short of our expectations. Additionally, a significant portion of our quarterly
sales typically occur during the last weeks of the quarter and our revenue and operating results may be adversely
impacted if we are unable to process an increasing number of transactions by the end of the quarter. If, among
other considerations, our future financial performance falls below the expectations of securities analysts or
investors or we are unable to increase or maintain profitability, the market price of our common stock may
decline.
We may not be able to meet the financial and operational challenges that we will encounter as our
international operations, which represented approximately 40.9% of our total revenue for the fiscal year
ended February 29, 2016, continue to expand.
Our international operations accounted for approximately 40.9% of total revenue for the fiscal year ended
February 29, 2016. As we expand our international operations, we may have difficulty managing and
administering a globally dispersed business and we may need to expend additional funds to, among other
activities, reorganize our sales force and technical support services team, outsource or supplement general and
administrative functions, staff key management positions, obtain additional information technology infrastructure
and successfully localize offerings for a significant number of international markets, which may adversely affect
our operating results. Additional challenges associated with the conduct of our business globally that may
adversely affect our operating results include:
- ﬂuctuations in exchange rates;
0 pricing environments;
- longer payment cycles and less financial stability of customers;
- economic, political, compliance and regulatory risks associated with specific countries;
32