JBoss Middleware integrates, tests and refines enterprise-ready features from JBoss and other community
projects into supported, stable, enterprise-class middleware platforms.
Red Hat JBoss Middleware offerings consist of a number of deployment platforms and tools, including:
° Red Hat JBoss Enterprise Application Platform—provides an environment for building, hosting and
deploying applications and services. It includes features such as clustering, caching, messaging,
transaction and a full web services stack.
° Red Hat JBoss Web Server—provides an enterprise-class web server solution for large-scale websites
and lightweight web applications that utilize Apache Tomcat and Apache Web Server.
° Red Hat JBoss Data Grid—provides a scalable, distributed in-memory data grid that permits cost-
effective scaling of big data tiers.
° Red Hat JBoss Fuse and Red Hat JBoss A-MQ—provides customers messaging and integration tools for
distributed applications.
° Red Hat JBoss Data Virtualization—provides a solution for integration of distributed data sources.
° Red Hat JBoss BRMS—provides a platform for business rules management and complex event
processing.
° Red Hat JBoss BPM Suite—provides a business process management platform that combines business
rules management and complex event processing with a business process management system to help
customers model and encode business processes, policies and rules and measure the results of business
activities.
° Red Hat JBoss Developer Studio—provides an integrated development environment for developing,
testing and deploying rich web applications, enterprise applications and service-oriented architecture
services.
° Red Hat JBoss Operations Network—provides built-in management and monitoring capabilities to
administer J Boss application environments.
Red Hat cloud offerings. Utilizing the interoperability of our software technologies, we provide a number of
offerings to assist users in creating cloud computing environments:
- Red Hat Enterprise Linux OpenStack Platform—an infrastructure as a service offering that provides an
enterprise-ready cloud foundation built on OpenStack technologies optimized for and integrated with
Red Hat Enterprise Linux and Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization.
° Red Hat Cloud Infrastructure—an offering that combines and integrates Red Hat Satellite, Red Hat
Enterprise Virtualization, Red Hat CloudForms and Red Hat Enterprise Linux OpenStack Platform. Red
Hat Cloud Infrastructure allows users to build and manage a private or hybrid infrastructure as a service
cloud.
° OpenShift by Red Hat—a cloud application platform (also called “platform as a service” or “PaaS”) that
allows developers to develop, host and scale applications in a cloud environment. It automates the
hosting, configuration, deployment and administration of application stacks in an elastic cloud
environment utilizing Linux containers. OpenShift gives application developers self-service access so
they can more easily deploy applications on demand. Customers can use OpenShift Enterprise in a
private cloud environment, OpenShift Online in a public cloud environment for on-demand
consumption, or OpenShift Dedicated in a public cloud environment using their own OpenShift instance
managed by Red Hat. Customers can also use Red Hat JBoss xPaaS services for OpenShift to enable
enterprise application development, deployment and integration capability with OpenShift.
We also provide offerings to help our customers manage their increasingly complex IT environments. Along
with Red Hat Satellite, we offer Red Hat CloudForms, which is an open hybrid cloud management solution that
12