breached or data lost as a result of actions by third parties, employee error (such as weak passwords or
unencrypted devices), malfeasance or vulnerabilities or security bugs found in software code. A party who is able
to circumvent security measures or exploit inadequacies in security measures, could, among other things,
misappropriate proprietary information (including information about our employees, customers and partners, our
customers’ information, financial data and data that others could use to compete against us), cause the loss or
disclosure of some or all of this information, cause interruptions or denial of service in our or our customers’
operations, cause delays in development efforts or expose customers (and their customers) to computer viruses or
other disruptions or vulnerabilities. A compromise to these systems could remain undetected for an extended
period of time, exacerbating the impact of that compromise. These risks may increase as we continue to grow our
cloud, mobile and services offerings and as we receive, store and process more of our customers’ data. Actual or
perceived vulnerabilities may lead to regulatory investigations, claims against us by customers, partners or other
third parties, or costs, such as those related to providing customer notifications and fraud monitoring. While our
customer agreements typically contain provisions that seek to limit our liability, there is no assurance these
provisions will be enforceable and effective under applicable law. In addition, the cost and operational
consequences of implementing further data protection measures could be significant. Moreover, because the
techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently
and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to
implement adequate preventative measures. Any loss of data or compromise of our systems or the data we
receive, store or process (or systems and the data received, stored and processed by third parties with whom we
contract) could result in a loss of confidence in the security of our offerings, damage our reputation, loss of
channel or strategic partners, lead to legal liability and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
operating results and cash ﬂows.
We are vulnerable to technology infrastructure failures, which could harm our reputation and adversely
affect our business.
We rely on our technology infrastructure, and the technology infrastructure of third parties, for many
functions, including selling our offerings, supporting our partners, fulfilling orders and billing, and collecting and
making payments. This technology infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural
disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer intrusions, vulnerabilities and
viruses, software errors, computer denial-of—service attacks and other events. A significant number of the systems
making up this infrastructure are not redundant, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for
every eventuality. This technology infrastructure may fail or be vulnerable to damage or interruption because of
actions by third parties or employee error or malfeasance. We may not carry business interruption insurance
sufficient to protect us from all losses that may result from interruptions in our services as a result of technology
infrastructure failures or to cover all contingencies. Any interruption in the availability of our websites and on-
line interactions with customers or partners may cause a reduction in customer or partner satisfaction levels,
which in turn could cause additional claims, reduced revenue or loss of customers or partners. Despite any
precautions we may take, such problems could result in, among other consequences, a loss of data, loss of
confidence in the stability and reliability of our offerings, damage to our reputation, and legal liability, all of
which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash ﬂows interruptions.
A decline in or reprioritization of funding in the US. or foreign government budgets or delays in the
budget process could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash ﬂows.
We derive, and expect to continue to derive, a portion of our revenue from US. and foreign governments.
Government deficit reduction and austerity measures, along with continued economic challenges, continue to
place pressure on US. and foreign government spending. The termination of, or delayed or reduced funding for,
government-sponsored programs and contracts from which we derive revenue could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, operating results and cash ﬂows.
27