ITEM 7. WNAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
OVERVIEW
We are a leading global provider of open source software solutions, using a community-powered approach
to develop and offer reliable and high-performing operating system, virtualization, management, middleware,
cloud, mobile and storage technologies.
Open source software is an alternative to proprietary software and represents a different model for the
development and licensing of commercial software code than that typically used for proprietary software.
Because open source software code is often freely shared, there are customarily no licensing fees for the use of
open source software. Therefore, we do not recognize revenue from the licensing of the code itself. We provide
value to our customers through the development, aggregation, integration, testing, certification, delivery,
maintenance, enhancement and support of our Red Hat technologies, and by providing a level of performance,
scalability, ﬂexibility, reliability and security for the technologies we package and distribute. Moreover, because
communities of developers not employed by us assist with the creation of our open source offerings,
opportunities for further innovation of our offerings are supplemented by these communities.
We market our offerings primarily to customers in the form of annual or multi-year subscriptions, and we
recognize revenue over the period of the subscription agreements with our customers. Our technologies are also
offered by certified cloud and service providers (“CCSPs”) as a service available on demand, and this revenue is
recognized by us upon delivery.
We derive our revenue and generate cash from customers primarily from two sources: (i) subscription
revenue and (ii) training and services revenue. These arrangements typically involve subscriptions to Red Hat
technologies. Our revenue is affected by, among other factors, corporate, government and consumer spending
levels. In evaluating the performance of our business, we consider a number of factors, including total revenue,
deferred revenue, operating income, operating margin and cash ﬂows from operations. The arrangements with
our customers that produce this revenue and cash are explained in further detail in Part II, Item 7 under “Critical
Accounting Estimates” and in NOTE 2—Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our Consolidated
Financial Statements.
We believe our success is inﬂuenced by: (i) the extent to which we can expand the breadth and depth of our
offerings, (ii) our ability to enhance the value of our offerings through frequent and continuing innovation while
maintaining stable platforms over multi-year periods, (iii) the extent to which adoption of our emerging
technology offerings by enterprises and similar institutions continues to increase, (iv) our involvement and
leadership in key open source communities, which enable us to develop, enhance and maintain our offerings,
(v) our ability to generate increasing revenue directly and through partners and other strategic relationships,
including CCSPs, distributors, embedded technology partners, independent hardware vendors, independent
software vendors, original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”), systems integrators, and value added resellers,
(Vi) our ability to generate new and recurring revenue for our offerings, (vii) the widespread and increasing
deployment of open source technologies by enterprises and similar institutions, (viii) our software, hardware,
application and cloud service certification programs, which are intended to create an ecosystem of technologies
that are compatible with our offerings and supported by us, and (ix) our ability to provide customers with
consulting and training services that generate additional subscription revenue.
In ﬁscal 2016 we focused on and in fiscal 2017 we expect to focus on, among other things: (i) driving the
widespread adoption of our offerings, (ii) expanding our portfolio of technology offerings that enable cloud
computing, (iii) investing in the development of open source technologies and promoting the use of our
technologies by software developers globally, (iv) pursuing strategic acquisitions and alliances, (v) increasing
revenue from our existing customer base, (vi) increasing revenue by promoting a range of services to help our
customers derive additional value, (vii) expanding routes to market, and (viii) growing our presence in
international markets.
46