complex and subjective. They can be affected by various factors, including external factors, such as industry and
economic trends, and internal factors, such as changes in our business strategy and our internal, multi-year
forecasts for our subscription and services offerings, which often include emerging technologies. Changes in any
of these various factors could materially impact our financial condition and results of operations.
Share-based compensation
We are required to make estimates and assumptions with regards to the number of share-based awards that
we expect will ultimately vest and the amount of tax benefits we expect will ultimately be realized, among other
things.
Share-based awards expected to vest
We currently apply an estimated annual forfeiture rate of 10% to the service-based share awards we grant to
our employees. Our estimated forfeiture rate is based on recent historical experience as well as qualitative
considerations about management’s expectations for attrition rates over the vesting periods. Actual attrition rates
could vary significantly from our expectations resulting in material quarterly adjustments to our financial results.
During the year ended February 29, 2016 we granted service-based share awards with a total fair value of $161.2
million to which we applied an estimated annual forfeiture rate of 10%.
With respect to performance-based awards that we grant to certain executive officers and senior
management, we estimate the number of shares expected to vest based primarily on our most current reported
financial results relative to a defined peer group’s most recent reported financial results. Because past or current
financial trends may not be predictive of future financial performance, our estimate of the number of shares
expected to vest may differ materially from the number of shares that actually vest. The maximum number of
potential performance-based shares available to vest as of February 29, 2016 totaled 2.0 million, of which
approximately 1.4 million shares are expected to vest. If all of the potential performance-based shares were to
vest, we would be required to recognize additional expense of approximately $4.5 million. See NOTE 13=
Share-based Awards to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion related to awards
outstanding and expected to vest.
Income tax beneﬁts related to share-based awards
We recognize share-based compensation expense based on an award’s grant date fair value over the
requisite service period. Because we do not know the actual amount of tax benefits an award will generate until
such award is exercised (or vested), we assume that the amount ultimately recognized for tax purposes will be the
same amount we recognized in our operating results, that is for “book” purposes. Consequently, our deferred tax
asset related to share-based compensation expense, which totaled $44.3 million as of February 29, 2016, is based
on each qualifying award’s grant date fair value rather than the award’s to-be-determined exercise date intrinsic
value (or vesting date fair value).
Historically, the difference between the grant date fair value and the exercise date intrinsic value has been
significant. As a result of such differences, for the years ended February 29, 2016, February 28, 2015 and
February 28, 2014, we realized excess tax benefits related to share-based awards totaling $20.2 million, $5.6
million and $12.8 million, respectively.
If the share price for our common stock were to depreciate for a sustained period of time we could be
required to recognize a tax benefit shortfall. Such shortfalls could have a material adverse effect on our cash
ﬂows and—to the extent such shortfalls accumulate in excess of approximately $195.0 million (the amount of
our accumulated pool of windfall tax benefits available to offset future shortfalls)—could materially adversely
impact our results of operations. For further discussion, see NOTE 2—Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies, NOTE 11—Income Taxes and NOTE 13—Share-based Awards to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.
55