offerings or may not distribute and market our offerings effectively. Moreover, our existing channel partner
relationships do not, and any future channel partner relationships may not, provide for any exclusivity regarding
marketing or distribution. In addition, if a channel partner is acquired by a competitor, its business units are
reorganized or divested or its financial conditions were to weaken, our revenue derived from that partner may be
adversely impacted.
Recruiting and retaining qualified channel partners and training them in the use of our enterprise
technologies requires significant time and resources. If we fail to devote sufficient resources to support and
expand our network of channel partners, our business may be adversely affected. In addition, because we rely on
channel partners for the indirect distribution of our enterprise technologies, we may have little or no contact with
the ultimate end-users of our technologies, thereby making it more difficult for us to establish brand awareness,
ensure proper delivery and installation of our software, support ongoing customer requirements, estimate end-
user demand, respond to evolving customer needs and obtain subscription renewals from end-users.
A portion of our sales to government entities have been made indirectly through our channel partners.
Government entities may have statutory, contractual, or other legal rights to terminate contracts with our channel
partners for convenience or due to a default, and any such termination may adversely impact our future operating
results. Governments routinely investigate and audit government contractors’ administrative processes, and any
unfavorable audit could result in the government refusing to continue buying our offerings, a reduction of
revenue or fines or civil or criminal liability if the audit uncovers improper or illegal activities.
If our indirect distribution channel is disrupted, we may be required to devote more resources to distribute
our offerings directly and support our customers, which may not be as effective and could lead to higher costs,
reduced revenue and growth that is slower than expected.
The duration and extent of economic downturns, regional ﬁnancial instability, and economic and market
conditions in general could adversely affect our business, ﬁnancial condition, operating results and cash
ﬂows.
Economic weakness and uncertainty, tightened credit markets and constrained IT spending from time to
time contribute to slowdowns in the technology industry, as well as in the industries of our customers and the
geographic regions in which we operate, which may result in reduced demand and increased price competition
for our offerings. Our operating results in one or more geographic regions or customer industries may also be
affected by uncertain or changing economic conditions within that region or industry. Continuing uncertainty
about future economic conditions may, among other things, negatively impact our current and prospective
customers and result in delays or reductions in technology purchases or lengthen our sales cycle. Adverse
economic conditions also may negatively impact our ability to obtain payment for outstanding debts owed to us
by our customers or other parties with whom we do business. In addition, such conditions may impact our
investment portfolio, and we could determine that some of our investments have experienced an other-than-
temporary decline in fair value, requiring an impairment charge that could adversely impact our financial
condition and operating results. Also, such conditions may make it more difficult to forecast operating results. If
global economic conditions, or economic conditions in the U.S., Europe, Asia or in other key geographic regions
or customer industries, were to remain uncertain or persist, spread or deteriorate further, current and prospective
customers may delay or reduce their IT spending, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
operating results and cash ﬂows.
20