ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
We are exposed to the impact of interest rate changes, foreign currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations and
changes in the market value of our investments.
Interest rate risk
Our exposure to market rate risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment portfolio.
The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal and liquidity while at the same time
maximizing yields without significantly increasing risk. To achieve this objective, we maintain our portfolio of
short-term and long-term investments in a variety of available-for-sale fixed and ﬂoating rate debt securities,
including both government and corporate obligations and money market funds. Investments in both fixed rate
and ﬂoating rate interest earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have
their fair market value adversely impacted due to a rise in prevailing interest rates, while ﬂoating rate securities
may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment
income related to these securities may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates, or we may suffer
losses in principal if forced to sell securities which have declined in market value due to changes in interest rates
or perceived credit risk related to the securities’ issuers. A hypothetical one-half percentage point change in
interest rates, assuming a parallel shift of all interest rates, would result in an approximate $0.5 million change in
annual interest income derived from investments in our portfolio as of February 29, 2016. For further discussion
related to our investments as of February 29, 2016 and February 28, 2015, see NOTE 2—Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies and NOTE 18—Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Investment risk
The fair market value of our available-for—sale investment portfolio is subject to interest rate risk. Based on
a sensitivity analysis performed on this investment portfolio, a hypothetical one percentage point increase in
prevailing interest rates would result in an approximate $17.6 million decrease in the fair value of our available-
for—sale investment securities as of February 29, 2016. For further discussion related to our investments as of
February 29, 2016 and February 28, 2015, see NOTE 2—Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and
NOTE 18—Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.
Credit risk
Investments in debt and equity securities
The fair market values of our investment portfolio and cash balances are exposed to counterparty credit risk.
Accordingly, while we periodically review our portfolio in an effort to mitigate counterparty risk, the principal
values of our cash balances, money market accounts and investments in available-for—sale securities could suffer
a loss of value.
Accounts receivable
As of February 29, 2016 and February 28, 2015, no individual customer accounted for 10% or more of our
total accounts receivable.
Foreign currency risk
Approximately 40.9% of our revenue for the year ended February 29, 2016 was produced by sales outside
the United States. We are exposed to significant risks of foreign currency ﬂuctuation primarily from receivables
denominated in foreign currency and are subject to transaction gains and losses, which are recorded as a
component of net income. The income statements of our non-U.S. operations are translated into US dollars at
69