We do not currently expect to pay dividends on our common stock, so any returns may be limited to
changes in the value of our common stock.
We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we
will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate
declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. In addition, our ability to pay cash dividends
on our common stock may be prohibited or limited by the terms of any future debt financing arrangement. Any
return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the increase, if any, of our stock price.
Conversion of the convertible notes may dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders, including
holders who had previously converted their convertible notes, or may otherwise depress the price of our
common stock.
The conversion of the convertible notes into shares of our common stock, to the extent that we choose not to
deliver all cash for the conversion value, will dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders. Any sales in
the public market of the common stock issuable upon conversion of the convertible notes could adversely affect
prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the convertible notes may encourage
short selling by market participants due to this dilution or may facilitate trading strategies involving the
convertible notes and our common stock.
Provisions of our certiﬁcate of incorporation, by-laws, Delaware law and the convertible notes may have
anti-takeover effects that could prevent a change in control even if the change in control would be
beneﬁcial to our stockholders.
Provisions of our certificate of incorporation, by-laws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for a
third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions include:
- our Board of Directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the
Board of Directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from
being able to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors;
° stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the Board of Directors
or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders’ meeting; such provisions may discourage
or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of
directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company; and
° our Board of Directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock;
the ability to issue undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our Board of Directors to issue
preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to
acquire us.
Further, as a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware law anti-takeover provisions.
Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of
its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the Board of Directors
has approved the transaction. Our Board of Directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an
acquisition of us. Additionally, certain provisions of the convertible notes could make it more difficult or more
expensive for a third party to acquire us or could also have the effect of delaying or reducing the likelihood of a
change in control of us even if such acquisition or change of control may be favorable to our stockholders.
40