enhancements, upgrades to the technologies, each if and when available, and compatibility with an ecosystem of
certified hardware and software. A subscription also includes access to the Red Hat Customer Portal, which
provides customers with services such as our knowledge base, product usage documentation and account
management tools. In addition, our customers are eligible to participate in Red Hat’s Open Source Assurance
program, which provides certain protections in the event of an intellectual property infringement claim based on
our offerings.
Our offerings
Our offerings are designed to provide customers with high-performing, scalable, ﬂexible, reliable and secure
technologies that meet the information technology (“IT”) needs of enterprises and service providers. Customers
can also take advantage of the interoperability of our software offerings to build a variety of deployment models
on which to run their applications, whether in traditional or cloud environments. Cloud computing is a term used
to refer to an IT infrastructure that enables the use of a shared pool of computing resources (such as networks,
processors, storage platforms, operating systems, and applications) by multiple users. Computing resources that
are made available to the general public by an entity that controls and operates those resources is referred to as a
public cloud, while computing resources that are operated solely for the benefit of a single organization is
referred to as a private cloud. We also integrate several of our offerings in an effort to facilitate hybrid cloud
computing, which enables an organization to use both off-premise (public cloud) and on-premise (private cloud
or internal data center) IT resources to create a computing environment that seeks to optimize efficiency and
agility while providing increased security.
Our offerings include:
Infrastructure-related Oﬁerings
- Red Hat Enterprise Linux—an operating system platform that runs on a broad range of hardware and is
used in physical, virtual, container and cloud environments.
° Red Hat Satellite—a system management offering that is designed to make Red Hat infrastructure easier
to deploy, scale and manage across physical and virtual servers, as well as in cloud environments.
- Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization—software that allows customers to utilize and manage a common
hardware infrastructure to run multiple operating systems and applications. Our virtualization offerings
are designed to permit customers to optimize resource allocation and operational ﬂexibility in their IT
environments.
Application Development-related and Other Emerging Technology Offerings
° Red Hat JBoss Middleware—a suite of offerings used to (i) develop, deploy and manage applications,
(ii) integrate applications, data and devices and (iii) automate business processes across physical,
virtual, cloud and mobile environments.
° Red Hat cloud offerings—software that enables customers to build and manage various cloud
computing environments (virtualized and container-based), including Red Hat Enterprise Linux
OpenStack Platform, Red Hat Cloud Infrastructure, OpenShift by Red Hat, Red Hat CloudForms and
Ansible Tower.
- Red Hat Mobile—a software development platform that enables customers to develop, integrate, deploy
and manage mobile applications for the enterprise.
° Red Hat Storage—software that enables customers to treat physical server storage as a scalable, shared,
centrally-managed pool of virtual storage and to manage large, unstructured or semi-structured data in
physical, virtual and cloud environments.
4