is the heart of the Red Hat Enterprise Linux operating system. If these groups of programmers fail to adequately
further develop and enhance open source technologies, we would have to rely on other parties to develop and
enhance our offerings or we would need to develop and enhance our offerings with our own resources. We
cannot predict whether further developments and enhancements to these technologies would be available from
reliable alternative sources. In either event, our development expenses could be increased and our technology
release and upgrade schedules could be delayed. Moreover, if third-party software programmers fail to
adequately further develop and enhance open source technologies, the development and adoption of these
technologies could be stiﬂed and our offerings could become less competitive. Delays in developing, completing
or delivering new or enhanced offerings could result in delayed or reduced revenue for those offerings and could
also adversely affect customer acceptance of those offerings.
Our offerings may contain defects that may be costly to correct, delay market acceptance of our enterprise
technologies and expose us to claims and litigation.
Despite our testing procedures, errors have been and may continue to be found in our offerings after
deployment. This risk is increased by the fact that much of the code in our offerings is developed by independent
parties over whom we exercise no supervision or control. If errors are discovered, we may have to make
significant expenditures of capital and devote significant technical resources to analyze, correct, eliminate or
work around them, and we may not be able to successfully do so in a timely manner or at all. Errors and failures
in our offerings could result in a loss of, or delay in, market acceptance of our enterprise technologies, loss of
existing or potential customers and delayed or lost revenue and could damage our reputation and our ability to
convince enterprise users of the benefits of our technologies.
In addition, errors in our technologies could cause system failures, loss of data or other adverse effects for
our customers who may assert warranty and other claims for substantial damages against us. Although our
agreements with our customers often contain provisions which seek to limit our exposure to potential product
liability claims, it is possible that these provisions may not be effective or enforceable under the laws of some
jurisdictions. While we seek to insure against these types of claims, our insurance policies may not adequately
limit our exposure to such claims. These claims, even if unsuccessful, could be costly and time-consuming to
defend and could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, operating results and cash ﬂows.
Our continued success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance strong brands.
We believe that the brand identities that we have developed have contributed significantly to the success of
our business. We also believe that maintaining and enhancing our brands is important to expanding our customer
and partner base and attracting talented employees. In order to maintain and enhance our brands, we may be
required to make further investments that may not be successful. Maintaining our brands will depend in part on
our ability to remain a leader in open source technology and our ability to continue to provide high-quality
offerings. If we fail to promote and maintain our brands, or if we incur excessive costs in doing so, our business,
financial condition, operating results and cash ﬂows may be adversely affected.
Security breaches and data loss may expose us to liability, harm our reputation and adversely affect our
business.
Our business involves the production and distribution of enterprise software technologies, as well as hosting
applications. As part of our business, we (or third parties with whom we contract) receive, store and process our
data, as well as our customers’ and partners’ data. While we take security and testing measures relating to our
offerings and operations, those measures may not prevent security breaches and data loss that could harm our
business or the businesses of our customers and partners. Advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in
the field of cryptography, inadequate technology or facility security measures or other factors may result in data
loss or a compromise or breach of our systems and the data we receive, store and process (or systems and the
data received, stored and processed by third parties with whom we contract). These security measures may be
26