future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through
additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers must be recognized over the applicable
subscription term.
If our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a
significant charge to earnings.
Under generally accepted accounting principles, we review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment
when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is
required to be tested for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances
indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets may not be recoverable include
a decline in stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash ﬂow estimates and slower growth rates in
our industry. We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the
period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined, which could
adversely affect our operating results.
We may be exposed to potential risks if we do not have an effective system of disclosure controls or
internal controls.
We must comply, on an on-going basis, with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, including
those provisions that establish the requirements for both management and auditors of public companies with
respect to reporting on internal control over financial reporting. We cannot be certain that measures we have
taken, and will take, will be sufficient or timely completed to meet these requirements on an on- going basis, or
that we will be able to implement and maintain adequate disclosure controls and controls over our financial
processes and reporting in the future, particularly in light of our rapid growth, international expansion and
changes in our offerings, which are expected to result in on-going changes to our control systems and areas of
potential risk.
If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls or internal control over financial reporting,
including satisfaction of the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we may not be able to accurately or timely
report on our financial results or adequately identify and reduce fraud. As a result, the financial condition of our
business could be adversely affected; current and potential future stockholders could lose confidence in us and/or
our reported financial results, which may cause a negative effect on our trading price; and we could be exposed
to litigation or regulatory proceedings, which may be costly or divert management attention.
Changes in accounting principles and guidance, or their interpretation, could result in unfavorable
accounting charges or effects, including changes to previously filed financial statements, which could cause
our stock to decline.
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the US. These principles are subject to interpretation by the Securities and Exchange Commission
and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting principles and guidance. A change in
these principles or guidance, or in their interpretations, may have a significant effect on our reported results and
may retroactively affect previously reported results.
Our investment portfolio is subject to credit and liquidity risks and ﬂuctuations in the market value of our
investments and interest rates. These risks may result in an impairment of, or the loss of all or a portion of,
the value of our investments, an inability to sell our investments or a decline in interest income.
We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types and maturities. Our portfolio as of
February 29, 2016 consisted primarily of money market funds, US. government and agency securities, European
sovereign and agency securities with a rating of AA or higher, certificates of deposit, and corporate securities.
35