Support by leading technology providers
To facilitate the widespread deployment of Red Hat offerings, we have focused on gaining broad support for
our offerings from technology providers that are critical to enterprises. For example, leading ISVs with
applications that run on, or with, our technologies include BMC Software, Inc. (“BMC”), CA, Inc. (“CA”), EMC
Corporation (“EMC”), Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (“HPE”), International Business Machines
Corporation (“IBM”), Microsoft Corporation (“Microsoft”), Oracle Corporation (“Oracle”), SAP AG (“SAP”),
SAS Institute Inc. (“SAS”), Symantec Corporation (“Symantec”) and VMware, Inc. (“VMware”). In addition, we
have certification and pre—load arrangements with leading hardware vendors including Cisco Systems, Inc.
(“Cisco”), Dell Inc. (“Dell”), Fujitsu Limited (“Fujitsu”), HPE, Hitachi, Ltd (“Hitachi”), IBM, Lenovo Group
Limited (“Lenovo”), and NEC Corporation (“NEC”). We also have certification agreements with leading
networking, storage and telecommunication companies including Cisco, EMC, Ericsson Inc., HPE, Huawei
Technologies Co., Ltd., NetApp, Inc. (“NetApp”) and Nokia Corporation. We have strategic relationships with
leading semiconductor and technology companies, such as Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., ARM Holdings plc,
Intel Corporation and IBM, and CCSPs, such as Alphabet Inc. (“Alphabet”), formerly known as Google Inc.,
Amazon.com, Inc. (“Amazon”), Fujitsu, IBM, Microsoft and Rackspace Hosting, Inc. (“Rackspace”). We also
have relationships with a number of global SIs such as Accenture plc (“Accenture”), Atos ES, Computer
Sciences Corporation, HPE, IBM, Tata Consultancy Services Limited (“TCS”), Tech Mahindra Limited and
Wipro Limited.
Factors inﬂuencing our success
We believe our success is inﬂuenced by:
° the extent to which we can expand the breadth and depth of our offerings;
° our ability to enhance the value of our offerings through frequent and continuing innovation while
maintaining stable platforms over multi-year periods;
° the extent to which adoption of our emerging technology offerings by enterprises and similar institutions
continues to increase;
- our involvement and leadership in key open source communities, which enable us to develop, enhance
and maintain our offerings;
° our ability to generate increasing revenue directly and through partners and other strategic relationships,
including CCSPs, distributors, embedded technology partners, IHVs, ISVs, OEMs, SIs, and VARs;
° our ability to generate new and recurring revenue for our offerings;
° the widespread and increasing deployment of open source technologies by enterprises and similar
institutions;
° our software, hardware, application and cloud service certiﬁcation programs, which are intended to
create an ecosystem of technologies that are compatible with our offerings and supported by us; and
° our ability to provide customers with consulting and training services that generate additional
subscription revenue.
Geographic areas and segment reporting
As of February 29, 2016, Red Hat had more than 85 locations around the world, including offices in North
America, South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Red Hat has three geographic operating segments: the
Americas (US, Canada and Latin America), EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and Asia Paciﬁc. These
segments are aggregated into one reportable segment due to the similarity in the nature of offerings, financial
performance, economic characteristics (e.g., revenue growth and gross margin), methods of production and
distribution and customer classes (e. g., CCSPs, distributors, resellers and enterprise). See NOTE 2—Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies and NOTE 20—Segment Reporting to our Consolidated Financial Statements for
7