ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
Set forth below are certain risks and cautionary statements, which supplement other disclosures in this
report. Please carefully consider the following risks and cautionary statements. If any event related to the
following risk factors occurs, our business, ﬁnancial condition, operating results and cash flows could be
materially adversely affected.
RISKS RELATED TO BUSINESS UN CERTAINTY
We face intense competition.
The enterprise software industry is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and is subject to changing
technologies, shifting customer needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. We compete
based on our ability to provide our customers with enterprise software and related service offerings that best meet
their needs at a compelling price. We expect that competition will continue to be intense, and there is a risk that
our competitors’ products may provide better performance or include additional features when compared to our
offerings. Competitive pressures could also affect the prices we may charge or the demand for our offerings,
resulting in reduced profit margins and loss of market share.
Our current and potential competitors range from large and well-established companies to emerging start-
ups. Some of our competitors have significantly greater financial resources and name recognition, larger
development and sales staffs and more extensive marketing and distribution capabilities. Certain competitors also
bundle hardware and software offerings, making it more difficult for us to penetrate their customer bases. As the
enterprise software industry evolves, the competitive pressure for us to innovate encompasses a wider range of
products and services, including new offerings that require different expertise than our current offerings. Some
competitors may be able to innovate and provide products and services faster than we can. Moreover, if we are
unable to effectively communicate the value of our subscription model, we may not compete effectively in
attracting new, and maintaining existing, customers.
Given the rapid evolving nature of the enterprise software industry, the competitive landscape and the nature
of the competition is constantly changing. Industry consolidation may affect competition by creating larger and
potentially stronger competitors in the markets in which we compete. Moreover, other companies may currently
be planning to or are under pressure by stockholders to divest businesses. These divestitures may result in
additional competitors that may have an advantage by focusing on a single product or service. We also compete
in certain areas with our partners and potential partners, and this may adversely impact our relationship with an
individual partner or a number of partners.
Our efforts to compete effectively may not be sufficient, which may adversely affect our business, financial
condition, operating results and cash ﬂows.
Our continued success depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing industry. Investment in new
offerings, business strategies and initiatives could disrupt our ongoing business and may present risks not
originally contemplated.
We operate in highly competitive markets that are characterized by rapid technological change, such as the
transition of many of our enterprise customers to cloud computing environments and frequent new product and
service announcements. Our continued success will depend on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing
technologies and user preferences, to adapt our offerings to evolving industry standards, to predict user
preferences and industry changes and to improve the performance and reliability of our offerings. Our failure to
adapt to such changes could harm our business, and our efforts to adapt to such changes could require substantial
expenditures on our part to modify our offerings or infrastructure. Delays in developing, completing or delivering
new or enhanced offerings and technologies could result in delayed or reduced revenue for those offerings and
18