REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Red Hat, Inc.:
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of
operations, of comprehensive income, of stockholders’ equity and of cash flows present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of Red Hat, Inc. and its subsidiaries at February 29, 2016 and February 28, 2015,
and the results of their operations and their cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended
February 29, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of February 29, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The
Company’s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting,
included in the Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing in Item 8. Our
responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements and on the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the
amounts and disclosures in the ﬁnancial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal
control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinions.
As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which
it classifies deferred tax assets and liabilities during the fiscal year ended February 29, 2016.
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of ﬁnancial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Raleigh, North Carolina
April 26, 2016
73