We believe that open source software is a viable and arguably superior alternative to traditional proprietary
software. Open source software, as compared to proprietary software, offers a number of benefits to customers,
including:
° enabling a customer’s in-house development team to collaborate and innovate with a global community
of independent developers and testers;
- providing a customer’s in-house development team access to both binary and source code, and broader
rights to copy, modify and redistribute the software;
- offering a customer greater ﬂexibility through open rather than proprietary protocols and formats;
- permitting a customer ongoing access to improvements and fixes made to the software that are
distributed by others; and
° allowing a customer to inspect and help diagnose problems more easily and customize the software to
suit its particular needs.
Subscription business model
We provide our software offerings to our customers primarily under annual or multi-year subscriptions as
well as on-demand through CCSPs. Our subscription business model is designed to provide customers with a
comprehensive technology solution for the duration of their subscription. A subscription generally entitles a
customer to, among other things, a specified level of support, as well as security updates, fixes, functionality
enhancements, upgrades to the technologies, each if and when available, and compatibility with an ecosystem of
certified hardware and software. A subscription also includes access to the Red Hat Customer Portal, which
provides customers with services such as our knowledge base, product usage documentation and account
management tools. We offer customers subscription options that provide varying levels of customer support. In
addition, our customers are eligible to participate in Red Hat’s Open Source Assurance program, which provides
certain protections in the event of an intellectual property infringement claim based on our offerings.
Our subscription business model contrasts with the typical proprietary software license model from a
revenue recognition perspective. Under a proprietary software license model, the vendor typically recognizes
license revenue in the period that the software is initially licensed. In contrast, under our subscription model, we
generally defer revenue when we bill the customer and recognize revenue over the life of the subscription term.
Distribution of Red Hat offerings
We make Red Hat offerings available directly to customers and indirectly through various channels of
distribution. Our direct sales channels include our sales force and our web store. Our indirect sales channels
include CCSPs, distributors, embedded technology partners, independent software vendors (“ISVs”), systems
integrators (“SIS”) and value added resellers (“VARs”). In addition, hardware original equipment manufacturers
(“OEMs”) pre-load and support Red Hat offerings on their hardware products and sell their hardware together
with Red Hat offerings as part of pre-configured solutions.
With the support and tools we make available, many of these companies have engineered and certified that
their technologies run on or with Red Hat offerings, and, in some cases, independent hardware vendors (“II-IVs”)
and ISVs have built their products and solutions using our offerings. Our offerings can also be used on an on-
demand basis through our CCSPs, allowing our customers to utilize their subscriptions with increased ﬂexibility.
We believe widespread support from these companies helps to increase the level of market acceptance and
adoption of our offerings.
6