proprietary software license model. IBM and Oracle often bundle hardware and software for their customers,
making it more difficult for us to penetrate their customer bases. Our middleware offerings are heavily dependent
on the Java computing platform, which is controlled by Oracle.
With respect to our cloud technologies, we compete with companies that provide tools for enterprises to
create private clouds, such as Citrix, HPE, Microsoft, Mirantis Inc., Pivotal and VMware, companies that provide
platform as a service offerings, such as IBM and Pivotal, and companies that provide public clouds and that
allow users to consume computing resources as a service without the need to purchase equipment or software,
such as Alphabet, Amazon, IBM, Microsoft and Rackspace.
With respect to our mobile offerings, our competitors include IBM, Oracle, salesforce.com, inc.
(“Salesforce”) and SAP as well as more mobile-focused companies such as Kony, Inc., Kinvey, Inc. and
AnyPresence, Inc. Increasingly, cloud service providers are also offering mobile development services as part of
their enterprise cloud offerings.
With respect to our storage offerings, we compete with companies that provide storage products, such as
EMC and NetApp. Public cloud service providers, such as Amazon and Rackspace, also offer storage
capabilities.
With respect to our service offerings, we face competition in the markets for services related to the
development, deployment and integration of enterprise technologies. Our competitors in these markets include
Accenture, HPE, IBM and TCS, as well as other technology consulting companies.
Due to the nature of open source technology, the open source software model is not characterized by the
traditional barriers to entry that are found in the proprietary software model. For example, the financial and legal
barriers to creating a new Linux distribution are relatively low because the software components typically
included in Linux distributions are publicly available under open source licenses that permit copying,
modification and redistribution. Anyone can use, copy, modify and redistribute Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Red
Hat JBoss Middleware and our other open source offerings. However, they are not permitted to refer to these
products as “Red Hat” or “Red Hat JBoss” products unless they have a formal business relationship with us that
allows for such references. Moreover, our customers agree that during their support relationship with Red Hat,
they will purchase a support subscription based on the number of computer systems, cores, sockets or other units
on which they deploy Red Hat’s software. In addition, the primary means by which customers can receive Red
Hat software, as well as security updates, fixes, functionality enhancements and upgrades to the technologies,
each if and when available, is to purchase and maintain a current subscription directly from us or our partners
with whom we have agreements.
There are significantly more enterprise applications available for competing operating systems technologies,
such as Windows, than there are for Red Hat Enterprise Linux. An integral part of our strategy has been to help
address these shortcomings by, among other methods, strengthening our existing strategic and channel partner
relationships and entering into new ones to expand our marketing and distribution capabilities and by attracting
more attention to the open source movement. Also, increasing the adoption of Red Hat technologies as well as
the .Net infrastructure becoming available to the open source community can create additional opportunities and
incentives for software developers to write more applications that are compatible with Red Hat technologies.
SOFTWARE ENGINEERING AND DEVELOPMENT
We have invested, and intend to continue to invest, significant resources in research and development. We
expended $413.3 million, $367.9 million and $317.3 million, in our fiscal years ended February 29,
15