Table of Contents
N ETFLIX, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. Organization and Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Description of Business
Netﬂix, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated on August 29, 1997 and began operations on April 14, 1998. The Company is the world’s leading internet
television network with over 93 million streaming members in over 190 countries enjoying more than 125 million hours of hours of TV shows and movies per day,
including original series, documentaries and feature ﬁlms. Members can watch as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, on nearly any internet-connected screen.
Members can play, pause and resume watching, all without commercials or commitments. Additionally, in the United States ("US"), members can receive DVDs.
The Company has three reportable segments, Domestic streaming, International streaming and Domestic DVD. A majority of the Company’s revenues are
generated in the United States, and substantially all of the Company’s long-lived tangible assets are held in the United States. The Company’s revenues are derived
from monthly membership fees.
Basis of Presentation
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have
been eliminated.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the ﬁnancial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant items subject to such estimates and
assumptions include the amortization policy for the streaming content assets; the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities; and the
valuation of stock-based compensation. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to
be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Accounting Guidance Not YetAdopted
In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606) which amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 establishes principles for recognizing revenue
upon the transfer of promised goods or services to customers, in an amount that reﬂects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or
services. In July 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 (including interim reporting periods
within those periods). Early adoption is permitted to the original effective date for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 (including interim
reporting periods within those periods). The amendments may be applied retrospectively to each prior period (full retrospective) or retrospectively with the
cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application (modified retrospective). The Company will adopt ASU 2014-09 in the first quarter of 2018 and
apply the full retrospective approach. The Company does not expect the impact on its consolidated financial statements to be material.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) in order to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by
recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for those leases classified as operating leases under previous GAAP. ASU 2016-02 requires that a
lessee should recognize a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease
term on the balance sheet. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 (including interim periods within those periods) using a
modified retrospective approach and early adoption is permitted. The Company will adopt ASU 2016-02 in the ﬁrst quarter of 2019 and is currently in the process
of evaluating the impact of adoption of the ASU on its consolidated financial statements.
In March 2016, the F ASB issued ASU 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based PaymentAccounting , which amends Accounting Standards
Codiﬁcation ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation — Stock Compensation . ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment
transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash ﬂows. ASU
2016-09 is effective for ﬁscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those ﬁscal years. The Company will adopt ASU 2016-09 in
the ﬁrst quarter of 20 17. The Company is unable to estimate the impact of adoption as it is dependent
45