Table of Contents
We may seek additional capital that may result in stockholder dilution or that may have rights senior to those of our common stockholders.
From time to time, we may seek to obtain additional capital, either through equity, equity-linked or debt securities. The decision to obtain additional capital
will depend on, among other things, our business plans, operating performance and condition of the capital markets. If we raise additional funds through the
issuance of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock, and our
stockholders may experience dilution.
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations, which could adversely affect our ﬁnancial
position.
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations. As of December 31, 2016, we had $3.4 billion
aggregate principal amount of senior notes outstanding (“Notes”). As of December 31, 2016, we had approximately $6.5 billion of total content liabilities as
reﬂected on our consolidated balance sheet. Such amount does not include streaming content commitments that do not meet the criteria for liability recognition, the
amounts of which are signiﬁcant. For more information on our streaming content obligations, including those not on our consolidated balance sheet, see Note 5,
Commitments and Contingencies. Our substantial indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations, may:
0 make it difﬁcult for us to satisfy our financial obligations, including making scheduled principal and interest payments on our Notes and our other
obligations;
- limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes;
0 limit our ability to use our cash ﬂow or obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business
purposes;
0 require us to use a substantial portion of our cash ﬂow from operations to make debt service payments and pay our other obligations when due;
0 limit our ﬂexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry;
0 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors; and
0 increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions.
We may not be able to generate sufﬁcient cash to service our debt and other obligations.
Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness, including our Notes, and our other obligations will depend on our ﬁnancial and operating performance,
which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain ﬁnancial, business and other factors beyond our control. We may be unable to
maintain a level of cash ﬂows from operating activities sufﬁcient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, including the
Notes, and other obligations, including amounts due under our streaming content obligations.
If our cash ﬂows and capital resources are insufﬁcient to fund our debt service and other obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and
capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness, including the Notes and obligations such as our streaming
content obligations. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service and other obligations. We cannot
assure you that we would be able to implement any of these alternatives on satisfactory terms or at all. In the absence of such operating results and resources, we
could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may
not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them, and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt
service obligations or other obligations then due.
If we are unable to service our debt obligations from cash ﬂows, we may need to reﬁnance all or a portion of our debt obligations prior to maturity. Our
ability to refinance or restructure our debt will depend upon the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our
debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. We may not
be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
We may lose key employees or may be unable to hire qualiﬁed employees.
1 0