Table of Contents
damages arising from any liability or unforeseen production risks could harm our results of operations. We may not be indemnified against claims or costs of these
types and we may not have insurance coverage for these types of claims.
If studios, content providers or other rights holders refuse to license streaming content or other rights upon terms acceptable to us, our business could be
adversely affected.
Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers and other rights holders licensing rights to distribute
such content and certain related elements thereof, such as the public performance of music contained within the content we distribute. The license periods and the
terms and conditions of such licenses vary. If the studios, content providers and other rights holders are not or are no longer willing or able to license us content
upon terms acceptable to us, our ability to stream content to our members will be adversely affected and/or our costs could increase. Many of the licenses for
content provide for the studios or other content providers to withdraw content from our service relatively quickly. Because of these provisions as well as other
actions we may take, content available through our service can be withdrawn on short notice. As competition increases, we may see the cost of programming
increase. As we seek to differentiate our service, we are increasingly focused on securing certain exclusive rights when obtaining content, including original
content. We are also focused on programming an overall mix of content that delights our members in a cost efficient manner. Within this context, we are selective
about the titles we add and renew to our service. If we do not maintain a compelling mix of content, our membership acquisition and retention may be adversely
affected.
Music contained within content we distribute may require us to obtain licenses for such distribution. In this regard, we engage in negotiations with collection
management organizations (“CMOS”) that hold certain rights to music interests in connection with streaming content into various territories. If we are unable to
reach mutually acceptable terms with these organizations, we could become involved in litigation and/or could be enjoined from distributing certain content, which
could adversely impact our business. Additionally, pending and ongoing litigation as well as negotiations between certain CMOs and other third parties in various
territories could adversely impact our negotiations with CMOs, or result in music publishers represented by certain CMOs unilaterally withdrawing rights, and
thereby adversely impact our ability to reach licensing agreements reasonably acceptable to us. Failure to reach such licensing agreements could expose us to
potential liability for copyright infringement or otherwise increase our costs.
We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices.
We currently offer members the ability to receive streaming content through a host of internet-connected screens, including TVs, digital video players,
television set-top boxes and mobile devices. We have agreements with various cable, satellite and telecommunications operators to make our service available
through the television set-top boxes of these service providers. We intend to continue to broaden our capability to instantly stream TV shows and movies to other
platforms and partners over time. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content
licensing, regulatory or other impediments to delivering our streaming content to our members via these devices, our ability to grow our business could be
adversely impacted. Our agreements with our device partners are typically between one and three years in duration and our business could be adversely affected if,
upon expiration, a number of our partners do not continue to provide access to our service or are unwilling to do so on terms acceptable to us, which terms may
include the degree of accessibility and prominence of our service. Furthermore, devices are manufactured and sold by entities other than Netﬂix and while these
entities should be responsible for the devices' performance, the connection between these devices and Netﬂix may nonetheless result in consumer dissatisfaction
toward Netﬂix and such dissatisfaction could result in claims against us or otherwise adversely impact our business. In addition, technology changes to our
streaming functionality may require that partners update their devices. If partners do not update or otherwise modify their devices, our service and our members'
use and enjoyment could be negatively impacted.
Any signiﬁcant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations, including those
relating to cybersecurity or arising from cyber-attacks, could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, including member
and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business.
Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and
those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. These systems may be subject to damage or interruption from earthquakes, adverse weather conditions, other
natural disasters, terrorist attacks, power loss, telecommunications failures, and cybersecurity risks. Interruptions in these systems, or with the internet in general,
could make our service unavailable or degraded or otherwise hinder our ability to deliver streaming content or fulfill DVD selections. Service interruptions, errors
in our software or the unavailability of computer systems used in our operations could diminish the overall attractiveness of our membership service to existing and
potential members.
6