Table of Contents
We rely on the continued service of our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer and co-founder Reed Hastings, members of our executive
team and other key employees and the hiring of new qualified employees. In our industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for highly-skilled
business, product development, technical and other personnel. We may not be successful in recruiting new personnel and in retaining and motivating existing
personnel, which may be disruptive to our operations.
If our Domestic DVD segment declines faster than anticipated, our business could be adversely affected.
The number of memberships to our DVD-by-mail offering is declining, and we anticipate that this decline will continue. We believe, however, that the
domestic DVD business will continue to generate significant contribution proﬁt for our business. The contribution profit generated by our domestic DVD business
will help provide capital resources to fund our growth internationally. To the extent that the rate of decline in our DVD-by-mail business is greater than we
anticipate, our business could be adversely affected. We do not anticipate increasing resources to our DVD operations and the technology used in its operations
will not be meaningfully improved. To the extent that we experience service interruptions or other degradations in our DVD-by-mail service, members’ satisfaction
could be negatively impacted and we could experience an increase in DVD-by-mail member cancellations, which could adversely impact our business.
If the US. Postal Service were to increase postal delivery rates or implement other changes to improve its financial position, such as closing mail processing
facilities or service reductions, such changes could lead to a decrease in customer satisfaction and our Domestic DVD segment's contribution profit could be
adversely affected.
Risks Related to Our Stock Ownership
Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable.
Our charter documents may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable because they:
0 authorize our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock;
0 provide for a classiﬁed board of directors;
- prohibit our stockholders from acting by written consent;
0 establish advance notice requirements for proposing matters to be approved by stockholders at stockholder meetings; and
- prohibit stockholders from calling a special meeting of stockholders.
As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti—takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a
business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of
directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us.
In addition, a merger or acquisition may trigger retention payments to certain executive employees under the terms of our Amended and Restated Executive
Severance and Retention Incentive Plan, thereby increasing the cost of such a transaction.
Our stock price is volatile.
The price at which our common stock has traded has ﬂuctuated significantly. The price may continue to be volatile due to a number of factors including the
following, some of which are beyond our control:
0 variations in our operating results, including our membership acquisition and retention, revenues, contribution profits, net income and free cash ﬂow;
0 variations between our actual operating results and the expectations of securities analysts, investors and the financial community;
0 announcements of developments affecting our business, systems or expansion plans by us or others;
0 competition, including the introduction of new competitors, their pricing strategies and services;
0 market volatility in general;
1 1