Table of Contents
The Company includes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes and in “Other non-current liabilities”
in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Interest and penalties included in the Company's provision for income taxes were not material in all the periods presented.
The Company files US. Federal, state and foreign tax returns. The Company is currently under examination by the IRS for the years 2014 and 2015. The
years 2010 through 2015 remain subject to examination by the state of California. The Company has no significant foreign jurisdiction audits underway. The years
2012 through 2015 remain subject to examination by foreign jurisdictions.
Given the potential outcome of the current examinations as well as the impact of the current examinations on the potential expiration of the statute of
limitations, it is reasonably possible that the balance of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly change within the next twelve months. However, an estimate
of the range of reasonably possible adjustments cannot be made.
10. Employee Beneﬁt Plan
The Company maintains a 401(k) savings plan covering substantially all of its employees. Eligible employees may contribute up to 60% of their annual
salary through payroll deductions, but not more than the statutory limits set by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company matches employee contributions at the
discretion of the Board. During 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , the Company’s matching contributions totaled $15.7 million , $11.2 million and $8.3 million , respectively.
11. Segment Information
The Company has three reportable segments: Domestic streaming, International streaming and Domestic DVD. Segment information is presented in the
same manner that the Company’s chief operating decision maker ("CODM") reviews the operating results in assessing performance and allocating resources. The
Company’s CODM reviews revenue and contribution profit (loss) for each of the reportable segments. Contribution profit (loss) is defined as revenues less cost of
revenues and marketing expenses incurred by the segment. The Company has aggregated the results of the International operating segments into one reportable
segment because these operating segments share similar long-term economic and other qualitative characteristics.
The Domestic streaming segment derives revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of streaming content to the members in the
United States. The International streaming segment derives revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of streaming content to
members outside of the United States. The Domestic DVD segment derives revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of DVD-by-
mail. Revenues and the related payment card fees are attributed to the operating segment based on the nature of the underlying membership (streaming or DVD)
and the geographic region from which the membership originates. There are no internal revenue transactions between the Company’s segments.
The vast majority of the cost of revenues relate to content expenses, which include the amortization of streaming content assets and other costs associated
with the licensing and acquisition of streaming content. In connection with the Company's global expansion, content acquired, licensed, and produced increasingly
includes global rights. The Company allocates this content between the International and Domestic streaming segments based on estimated fair market value.
Content expenses for each streaming segment thus includes both expenses directly incurred by the segment as well as an allocation of expenses incurred for global
rights. Other costs of revenues such as delivery costs are primarily attributed to the operating segment based on amounts directly incurred by the segment.
Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and payments made to our device partners, MVPD's, mobile platforms and ISP's which are generally
included in the segment in which the expenditures are directly incurred.
The Company's long-lived tangible assets were located as follows:
As of December 31,
2016 2015
(in thousands)
[United States as 236,977 $ 159,566 1
International 13,418 13,846
59