Table of Contents
- profit repatriation and other restrictions on the transfer of funds;
- differing payment processing systems as well as consumer use and acceptance of electronic payment methods, such as payment cards;
- new and different sources of competition;
0 censorship requirements that cause us to remove or edit popular content, leading to consumer disappointment or dissatisfaction with our service;
0 low usage and/or penetration of internet-connected consumer electronic devices;
0 different and more stringent user protection, data protection, privacy and other laws;
0 availability of reliable broadband connectivity and wide area networks in targeted areas for expansion;
0 integration and operational challenges as well as potential unknown liabilities in connection with companies we may acquire or control; and
- differing, and often more lenient, laws and consumer understanding/attitudes regarding the illegality of piracy.
Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and our overall business, and results of our operations.
If we fail to maintain or, in newer markets establish, a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service, including the content we offer, we may
not be able to attract or retain members, and our operating results may be adversely affected.
We believe that a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members who have a number of choices
from which to obtain entertainment video. To the extent our content, in particular, our original programming, is perceived as low quality, offensive or otherwise
not compelling to consumers, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may be adversely impacted. Furthermore, to the extent our marketing,
customer service and public relations efforts are not effective or result in negative consumer reaction, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation
may likewise be adversely impacted. With newer markets, we also need to establish our reputation with consumers and to the extent we are not successful in
creating positive impressions, our business in these new markets may be adversely impacted.
Changes in how we market our service could adversely affect our marketing expenses and membership levels may be adversely affected.
We utilize a broad mix of marketing and public relations programs, including social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter, to promote our service to
potential new members. We may limit or discontinue use or support of certain marketing sources or activities if advertising rates increase or if we become
concerned that members or potential members deem certain marketing practices intrusive or damaging to our brand. If the available marketing channels are
curtailed, our ability to attract new members may be adversely affected.
If companies that promote our service decide that we negatively impact their business, that they want to compete more directly with our business or enter a
similar business or decide to exclusively support our competitors, we may no longer have access to such marketing channels. We also acquire a number of
members who rejoin our service having previously cancelled their membership. If we are unable to maintain or replace our sources of members with similarly
effective sources, or if the cost of our existing sources increases, our member levels and marketing expenses may be adversely affected
We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute through our
service.
As a distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright and trademark infringement, or other claims based on the nature and content
of materials that we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute. We also may face potential liability for content used in promoting our service, including marketing
materials and features on our Web site such as member reviews. As we expand our original programming, we have become responsible for production costs and
other expenses, such as ongoing guild payments. We also take on risks associated with production, such as completion and key talent risk. Negotiations or renewals
related to entertainment industry collective bargaining agreements could negatively impact timing and costs associated with our productions. To the extent we do
not accurately anticipate costs or mitigate risks, including for content that we obtain but ultimately does not appear on our service, or if we become liable for
content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute, our business may suffer. Litigation to defend these claims could be costly and the expenses and
5