Table of Contents
° Suboptimal Exercise Factor: Our computation of the suboptimal exercise factor is based on historical and estimated option exercise behavior. An
increase/decrease in the suboptimal exercise factor of 10% would increase/decrease the total stock-based compensation expense by approximately $6.0
million for the year ended December 31, 2016 .
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
The information set forth under Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements under the caption “Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies” is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
We are exposed to market risks related to interest rate changes and the corresponding changes in the market values of our investments, debt and foreign
currency ﬂuctuations.
Interest Rate Risk
The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal, while at the same time maximizing income we receive from investments without
significantly increased risk. To achieve this objective, we follow an established investment policy and set of guidelines to monitor and help mitigate our exposure
to interest rate and credit risk. The policy sets forth credit quality standards and limits our exposure to any one issuer, as well as our maximum exposure to various
asset classes. We maintain a portfolio of cash equivalents and short-term investments in a variety of securities. These securities are classified as available-for—sale
and are recorded at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, included in “Accumulated other comprehensive loss” within Stockholders' equity in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets.
For the year ended December 31, 2016 , we had no impairment charges associated with our short-term investment portfolio. Although we believe our current
investment portfolio has very little risk of material impairment, we cannot predict future market conditions or market liquidity and can provide no assurance that
our investment portfolio will remain materially unimpaired. Some of the securities we invest in may be subject to market risk due to changes in prevailing interest
rates which may cause the principal amount of the investment to ﬂuctuate. For example, if we hold a security that was issued with a ﬁxed interest rate at the then-
prevailing rate and the prevailing interest rate later rises, the value of our investment will decline. At December 31, 2016 , our cash equivalents were generally
invested in money market funds, which are not subject to market risk because the interest paid on such funds ﬂuctuates with the prevailing interest rate. Our short-
term investments were comprised of corporate debt securities, government and agency securities and asset backed securities.
Changes in interest rates could adversely affect the market value of the securities we hold that are classified as short-term investments. The table below
separates these investments, based on stated maturities, to show the approximate exposure to interest rates as of December 31, 2016 .
(in thousands)
[Due within one year $ 61,833 1
Due after one year and through 5 years 204,373
'Total $ 266,206 1
A sensitivity analysis was performed on our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2016 . The analysis is based on an estimate of the hypothetical changes
in market value of the portfolio that would result from an immediate parallel shift in the yield curve of various magnitudes. This methodology assumes a more
immediate change in interest rates to reﬂect the current economic environment.
The following table presents the hypothetical fair values of our debt securities classiﬁed as short—term investments assuming immediate parallel shifts in the
yield curve of 50 basis points (“BPS”), 100 BPS and 150 BPS. The analysis is shown as of December 31, 2016 :
Fair Value as of December 31, 2016
(in thousands)
-150 BPS -100 BPS -50 BPS +50 BPS +100 BPS +150 BPS
IS 271,745 $ 270,151 $ 268,180 $ 264,234 $ 262,261 $ 260,289 ‘
30