Table of Contents
We are subject to payment processing risk.
Our members pay for our service using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and debit cards, gift cards, direct debit and online wallets.
We rely on internal systems as well as those of third parties to process payment. Acceptance and processing of these payment methods are subject to certain rules
and regulations and require payment of interchange and other fees. To the extent there are disruptions in our payment processing systems, increases in payment
processing fees, material changes in the payment ecosystem, such as large re-issuances of payment cards, delays in receiving payments from payment processors
and/or changes to rules or regulations concerning payment processing, our revenue, operating expenses and results of operation could be adversely impacted. In
addition, from time to time, we encounter fraudulent use of payment methods, which could impact our results of operation and if not adequately controlled and
managed could create negative consumer perceptions of our service.
If our trademarks and other proprietary rights are not adequately protected to prevent use or appropriation by our competitors, the value of our brand
and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely affected.
We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality and license agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties with
whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights. We may also seek to enforce
our proprietary rights through court proceedings. We have filed and we expect to file from time to time for trademark and patent applications. Nevertheless, these
applications may not be approved, third parties may challenge any copyrights, patents or trademarks issued to or held by us, third parties may knowingly or
unknowingly infringe our intellectual property rights, and we may not be able to prevent infringement or misappropriation without substantial expense to us. If the
protection of our intellectual property rights is inadequate to prevent use or misappropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and other intangible assets
may be diminished, competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our service and methods of operations, the perception of our business and service to
members and potential members may become confused in the marketplace, and our ability to attract members may be adversely affected.
We currently hold various domain names relating to our brand, including Netﬂixcom. Failure to protect our domain names could adversely affect our
reputation and brand and make it more difficult for users to find our Web site and our service. We may be unable, without significant cost or at all, to prevent third
parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or otherwise decrease the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights.
Intellectual property claims against us could be costly and result in the loss of signiﬁcant rights related to, among other things, our Web site, streaming
technology, our recommendation and merchandising technology, title selection processes and marketing activities.
Trademark, copyright, patent and other intellectual property rights are important to us and other companies. Our intellectual property rights extend to our
technology, business processes and the content on our Web site. We use the intellectual pr0perty of third parties in merchandising our products and marketing our
service through contractual and other rights. From time to time, third parties allege that we have violated their intellectual property rights. If we are unable to
obtain sufﬁcient rights, successfully defend our use, or develop non-infringing technology or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely basis in response to
claims against us for infringement, misappropriation, misuse or other violation of third-party intellectual property rights, our business and competitive position may
be adversely affected. Many companies are devoting significant resources to developing patents that could potentially affect many aspects of our business. There
are numerous patents that broadly claim means and methods of conducting business on the internet. We have not searched patents relative to our technology.
Defending ourselves against intellectual property claims, whether they are with or without merit or are determined in our favor, results in costly litigation and
diversion of technical and management personnel. It also may result in our inability to use our current Web site, streaming technology, our recommendation and
merchandising technology or inability to market our service or merchandise our products. As a result of a dispute, we may have to develop non-infringing
technology, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, adjust our merchandising or marketing activities or take other actions to resolve the claims. These actions, if
required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us.
We are engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could occupy a signiﬁcant amount of our management's time
and attention.
From time to time, we are subject to litigation or claims that could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. As we have grown, we
have seen a rise in the number of litigation matters against us. These matters have included patent infringements as well as consumer and securities class actions,
each of which are typically expensive to defend. Litigation disputes could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses, could occupy a signiﬁcant amount of our
management's time and attention and could negatively affect our business operations and financial position.
9