Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board of Directors and Stockholders of N etﬂix, Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Netﬂix, Inc. as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 , and the related consolidated statements of
operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 . These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these ﬁnancial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ﬁnancial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining,
on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.
In our opinion, the ﬁnancial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Netﬂix, Inc. at December 31,
2016 and 2015 , and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 , in conformity
with US generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Netﬂix, Inc’s internal control over
ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016 , based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) and our report dated January 27, 2017 expressed an unqualiﬁed opinion thereon.
/S/ Ernst & Young LLP
San Jose, California
January 27, 2017
39