Table of Contents
Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are vulnerable to cybersecurity risks, including cyber—attacks such as computer
viruses, denial of service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions. These systems periodically experience directed attacks intended to lead
to interruptions and delays in our service and operations as well as loss, misuse or theft of data. Any attempt by hackers to obtain our data (including member and
corporate information) or intellectual property (including digital content assets), disrupt our service, or otherwise access our systems, or those of third parties we
use, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart
hackers and protect our data and systems. To date hackers have not had a material impact on our service or systems however this is no assurance that hackers may
not be successful in the future. Our insurance does not cover expenses related to such disruptions or unauthorized access. Efforts to prevent hackers from disrupting
our service or otherwise accessing our systems are expensive to implement and may limit the functionality of or otherwise negatively impact our service offering
and systems. Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of memberships and adversely affect our business and results
of operation.
We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party Web hosting provider. In
addition, we utilize third-party “cloud” computing services in connection with our business operations. We also utilize our own and third-party content delivery
networks to help us stream TV shows and movies in high volume to Netﬂix members over the internet. Problems faced by us or our third-party Web hosting,
"cloud" computing, or other network providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, as well as cybersecurity threats, could adversely impact the
experience of our members.
We rely upon Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service and any disruption of or interference with our use of the Amazon Web
Services operation would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted.
Amazon Web Services ("AWS") provides a distributed computing infrastructure platform for business operations, or what is commonly referred to as a
"cloud" computing service. We have architected our software and computer systems so as to utilize data processing, storage capabilities and other services
provided by AWS. Currently, we run the vast majority of our computing on AWS. Given this, along with the fact that we cannot easily switch our AWS operations
to another cloud provider, any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted.
While the retail side of Amazon competes with us, we do not believe that Amazon will use the AWS operation in such a manner as to gain competitive advantage
against our service.
If the technology we use in operating our business fails, is unavailable, or does not operate to expectations, our business and results of operation could be
adversely impacted.
We utilize a combination of proprietary and third party technology to Operate our business. This includes the technology that we have developed to
recommend and merchandise content to our consumers as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members and their various consumer
electronic devices. For example, we have built and deployed our own content-delivery network (“CDN”). To the extent Internet Service Providers ("ISPs") do not
interconnect with our CDN, or if we experience difficulties in its operation, our ability to efficiently and effectively deliver our streaming content to our members
could be adversely impacted and our business and results of operation could be adversely affected. Likewise, if our recommendation and merchandising
technology does not enable us to predict and recommend titles that our members will enjoy, our ability to attract and retain members may be adversely affected.
We also utilize third party technology to help market our service, process payments, and otherwise manage the daily operations of our business. If our technology
or that of third parties we utilize in our operations fails or otherwise operates improperly, our ability to operate our service, retain existing members and add new
members may be impaired. Also, any harm to our members' personal computers or other devices caused by software used in our operations could have an adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and ﬁnancial condition.
If government regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business change, we may need to alter the manner in which we conduct our
business, or incur greater operating expenses.
The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner
in which we currently conduct our business. In addition, the continued growth and development of the market for online commerce may lead to more stringent
consumer protection laws, which may impose additional burdens on us. If we are required to comply with new regulations or legislation or new interpretations of
existing regulations or legislation, this compliance could cause us to incur additional expenses or alter our business model.
Changes in laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the internet, including laws impacting net neutrality, could decrease the
demand for our service and increase our cost of doing business. Certain laws
7