Table of Contents
addition, unamortized costs for assets that have been, or are expected to be, abandoned are written off. No material write-down from unamortized cost was
recorded in any of the periods presented.
The Company has entered into certain licenses with collective management organizations, and are currently involved in negotiations with others who hold
certain rights to music and other entertainment works "publicly performed" in connection with streaming content into various territories. Accruals for estimated
license fees are recorded and then adjusted based on any changes in estimates. These amounts are included in the streaming content obligations. The results of
these negotiations are uncertain and may be materially different from management's estimates.
DVD Content
The Company acquires DVD content for the purpose of renting such content to its domestic DVD members and earning membership rental revenues, and, as
such, the Company considers its direct purchase DVD assets to be a productive asset. Accordingly, the Company classifies its DVD assets in “Non-current content
assets, net” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The acquisition of DVD content assets, net of changes in related liabilities, is classified within "Net cash provided
by (used in) investing activities" on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows because the DVD content assets are considered a productive asset. Other
companies in the in-home entertainment video industry classify these cash flows as operating activities. The Company amortizes its direct purchase DVDs on an
accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from one year to two years. The Company also obtains DVD content through revenue sharing
agreements with studios and other content providers. Revenue sharing obligations are expensed as incurred based on shipments.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the
estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally up to 30 years , or the lease term for leasehold improvements, if applicable. Leased buildings are
capitalized and included in property and equipment when the Company was involved in the construction funding and did not meet the “sale-leaseback” criteria.
Revenue Recognition
Revenues are recognized ratably over each monthly membership period. Revenues are presented net of the taxes that are collected from members and
remitted to governmental authorities. Deferred revenue consists of membership fees billed that have not been recognized and gift and other prepaid memberships
that have not been redeemed.
Marketing
Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and payments made to the Company’s partners, including device partners, MVPD's, mobile
platforms and ISP's. Advertising expenses include promotional activities such as digital and television advertising. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred.
Advertising expenses were $842.4 million , $714.3 million and $533.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively.
Research and Development
Research and development expenses are included within "Technology and Development" on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations and
primarily consist of payroll and related costs incurred in making improvements to our service offerings. Research and development expenses were $768.3 million ,
$570.0 million and $398.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively.
Income Taxes
The Company records a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability
method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred
tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is
reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. There was no signiﬁcant valuation allowance as of
December 31, 2016 or 2015.
The Company did not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. The Company may recognize a tax
benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.
The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of
being realized upon
47