Table of Contents
upon future stock option exercises which can not be predicted. However, the Company is expecting the adoption of the ASU to have a material impact on net
income, basic and diluted earnings per share, deferred tax assets and net cash from operations and the effective tax rate may be reduced.
In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18, Restricted Cash , which requires amounts generally described as restricted cash and restricted cash
equivalents be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the total beginning and ending amounts for the periods shown on the statement of cash
ﬂows. ASU 2016-08 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 (including interim periods within those periods) using a retrospective transition
method to each period presented. The Company does not expect the impact on its consolidated financial statements to be material.
Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments
The Company considers investments in instruments purchased with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. The Company also
classiﬁes amounts in transit from payment processors for customer credit card and debit card transactions as cash equivalents.
The Company classiﬁes short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of 90 days as available-for-sale.
Short—term investments are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in “Accumulated other comprehensive loss” within Stockholders’ equity
in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amortization of premiums and discounts on the investments, realized gains and losses, and declines in value judged to be
other-than-temporary on available-for—sale securities are included in “Interest and other income (expense)” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The
Company uses the specific identification method to determine cost in calculating realized gains and losses upon the sale of short-term investments.
Short-term investments are reviewed periodically to identify possible other-than-temporary impairment. When evaluating the investments, the Company
reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the ﬁnancial condition of the issuer, the Company’s intent to
sell, or whether it would be more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the investments before the recovery of their amortized cost basis.
Streaming Content
The Company acquires, licenses and produces content, including original programming, in order to offer members unlimited viewing of TV shows and films.
The content licenses are for a fixed fee and speciﬁc windows of availability. Payment terms for certain content licenses and the production of content require more
upfront cash payments relative to the amortization expense. Payments for content, including additions to streaming assets and the changes in related liabilities, are
classified within "Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities" on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
For licenses, the Company capitalizes the fee per title and records a corresponding liability at the gross amount of the liability when the license period begins,
the cost of the title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming. The portion available for streaming within one year is recognized as “Current
content assets, net” and the remaining portion as “Non-current content assets, net” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
For productions, the Company capitalizes costs associated with the production, including development costs and direct costs. These amounts are included in
"Non-current content assets, net" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Participations and residuals are expensed in line with the amortization of production costs.
Based on factors including historical and estimated viewing patterns, the Company amortizes the content assets (licensed and produced) in “Cost of revenues”
on the Consolidated Statements of Operations over the shorter of each title's contractual window of availability or estimated period of use, beginning with the
month of ﬁrst availability. The amortization period typically ranges from six months to five years. For content where the Company expects more upfront viewing,
for instance due to additional merchandising and marketing efforts, the amortization is on an accelerated basis. The Company reviews factors impacting the
amortization of the content assets on a regular basis. The Company's estimates related to these factors require considerable management judgment. In the third
quarter of 2016, the Company changed the amortization method of certain content given changes in estimated viewing patterns of this content. The effect of this
change in estimate was a $19.8 million decrease in operating income and a $12.3 million decrease in net income for the year ended December 31, 2016. The effect
on both basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share was a decrease of $0.03 for the year ended December 31, 2016. Changes in estimates could have a
signiﬁcant impact on the Company's future results of operations.
The Company's business model is subscription based as opposed to a model generating revenues at a specific title level. Therefore, content assets, both
licensed and produced are reviewed in aggregate at the operating segment level when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected
usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than amortized cost. To date, we have not identified any such event or changes in circumstances. If such
changes are identiﬁed in the future, these aggregated content assets will be stated at the lower of unamortized cost, net realizable value or fair value. In
46