Table of Contents
intended to prevent network operators from discriminating against the legal traffic that traverse their networks have been implemented in many countries, including
the United States and the European Union. In others, the laws may be nascent or non-existent. Given uncertainty around these rules, including changing
interpretations, amendments or repeal, coupled with potentially significant political and economic power of local network operators, we could experience
discriminatory or anti-competitive practices that could impede our growth, cause us to incur additional expense or otherwise negatively affect our business.
Changes in how network operators handle and charge for access to data that travel across their networks could adversely impact our business.
We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the internet. If network operators block, restrict or otherwise impair access to our service
over their networks, our service and business could be negatively affected. To the extent that network operators implement usage based pricing, including
meaningful bandwidth caps, or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks by data providers, we could incur greater operating expenses and our
membership acquisition and retention could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, to the extent network operators create tiers of internet access service and either
charge us for or prohibit us from being available through these tiers, our business could be negatively impacted.
Most network operators that provide consumers with access to the internet also provide these consumers with multichannel video programming. As such,
many network operators have an incentive to use their network infrastructure in a manner adverse to our continued growth and success. While we believe that
consumer demand, regulatory oversight and competition will help check these incentives, to the extent that network operators are able to provide preferential
treatment to their data as opposed to ours or otherwise implement discriminatory network management practices, our business could be negatively impacted. In
some international markets, these same incentives apply however, the consumer demand, regulatory oversight and competition may not be as strong as in our
domestic market.
Privacy concerns could limit our ability to collect and leverage our membership data and disclosure of membership data could adversely impact our
business and reputation.
In the ordinary course of business and in particular in connection with merchandising our service to our members, we collect and utilize data supplied by our
members. We currently face certain legal obligations regarding the manner in which we treat such information. Other businesses have been criticized by privacy
groups and governmental bodies for attempts to link personal identities and other information to data collected on the internet regarding users' browsing and other
habits. Increased regulation of data utilization practices, including self-regulation or findings under existing laws that limit our ability to collect, transfer and use
data, could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, if we were to disclose data about our members in a manner that was objectionable to them, our
business reputation could be adversely affected, and we could face potential legal claims that could impact our operating results. Internationally, we may become
subject to additional and/or more stringent legal obligations concerning our treatment of customer and other personal information, such as laws regarding data
localization and/or restrictions on data export. Failure to comply with these obligations could subject us to liability, and to the extent that we need to alter our
business model or practices to adapt to these obligations, we could incur additional expenses.
Our reputation and relationships with members would be harmed if our membership data, particularly billing data, were to be accessed by unauthorized
persons.
We maintain personal data regarding our members, including names and billing data. This data is maintained on our own systems as well as that of third
parties we use in our operations. With respect to billing data, such as credit card numbers, we rely on licensed encryption and authentication technology to secure
such information. We take measures to protect against unauthorized intrusion into our members' data. Despite these measures we, our payment processing services
or other third party services we use such as AWS, could experience an unauthorized intrusion into our members' data. In the event of such a breach, current and
potential members may become unwilling to provide the information to us necessary for them to become members. Additionally, we could face legal claims or
regulatory ﬁnes or penalties for such a breach. The costs relating to any data breach could be material, and we currently do not carry insurance against the risk of a
data breach. For these reasons, should an unauthorized intrusion into our members’ data occur, our business could be adversely affected.
8