Table of Contents
5. Commitments and Contingencies
Streaming Content
At December 31, 2016 , the Company had $14.5 billion of obligations comprised of $3.6 billion included in "Current content liabilities" and $2.9 billion of
"Non-current content liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and $8.0 billion of obligations that are not reﬂected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as
they do not yet meet the criteria for asset recognition.
At December 31, 2015 , the Company had $10.9 billion of obligations comprised of $2.8 billion included in "Current content liabilities" and $2.0 billion of
"Non-current content liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and $6.1 billion of obligations that are not reﬂected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as
they do not yet meet the criteria for asset recognition.
The expected timing of payments for these streaming content obligations is as follows:
As of December 31,
2016 2015
(in thousands)
’Less than one year $ 6,200,611 $ 4,703,172 ‘
Due after one year and through 3 years 6,731,336 5,249,147
’Due after 3 years and through 5 years 1,386,934 891,864 ‘
Due after 5 years 160,606 58,048
'Total streaming content obligations $ 14,479,487 $ 10,902,231 ‘
Streaming content obligations include amounts related to the acquisition, licensing and production of streaming content. Obligations that are in non-US.
dollar currencies are translated to US. dollar at period end rates. An obligation for the production of content includes non-cancelable commitments under creative
talent and employment agreements. An obligation for the acquisition and licensing of content is incurred at the time the Company enters into an agreement to
obtain future titles. Once a title becomes available, a content liability is generally recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Certain agreements include the
obligation to license rights for unknown future titles, the ultimate quantity and/or fees for which are not yet determinable as of the reporting date. Traditional ﬁlm
output deals, like the US. output deal with Disney, or certain TV series license agreements where the number of seasons to be aired is unknown, are examples of
such license agreements. The Company does not include any estimated obligation for these future titles beyond the known minimum amount. However, the
unknown obligations are expected to be significant.
Lease obligations
The Company leases facilities under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates through 2027. Several lease agreements contain rent
escalation clauses or rent holidays. For purposes of recognizing minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases, the Company uses
the date of initial possession to begin amortization, which is generally when the Company enters the space and begins to make improvements in preparation for
intended use. For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy, the
Company records minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company has
the option to extend or renew most of its leases which may increase the future minimum lease commitments.
Because the terms of the Company’s facilities lease agreements for its original Los Gatos, California headquarters site required the Company’s involvement
in the construction funding of the buildings, the Company is the “deemed owner” (for accounting purposes only) of these buildings. Accordingly, the Company
recorded an asset of $40.7 million , representing the total costs of the buildings and improvements, including the costs paid by the lessor (the legal owner of the
buildings), with corresponding liabilities. Upon completion of construction of each building, the Company did not meet the sale-leaseback criteria for de-
recognition of the building assets and liabilities. Therefore the leases are accounted for as financing obligations. At December 31, 2016 , the lease ﬁnancing
obligation balance was $29.2 million , the majority of which is recorded in “Other non-current liabilities,” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The remaining
future minimum payments under the lease ﬁnancing obligation are $18.5 million . The lease financing obligation balance at the end of the lease term will be
approximately $21.8 million which approximates the net book value of the buildings to be relinquished to the lessor.
In addition to the lease financing obligation, future minimum lease payments include $530.2 million as of December 31, 2016 related to non-cancelable
operating leases for the expanded headquarters in Los Gatos, California and the new office space in Los Angeles, California.
52