Table of Contents
PART I
Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 1 0-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: our core strategy; operating income and margin; the decline in our DVD memberships and the
resources allocated to our DVD segment; seasonality; contribution margins; contribution proﬁts (losses); liquidity, including cash flows from operations,
available funds and access to ﬁnancing sources; free cash flows; revenues; net income; profitability; stock price volatility; pricing changes; the impact of and the
company ’s response to, new accounting standards; action by competitors; risk of material impairment of current investment portfolio; reinvestment of earnings in
foreign subsidiaries; membership growth; timing of relocation to new facilities; nature of our content agreements; member viewing patterns; payment of future
dividends; obtaining additional capital; our content and marketing investments, including investments in original programming; amortization; signiﬁcance and
timing of contractual obligations; and realization of deferred tax assets. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results and events to differ. A detailed discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially
from such forward-looking statements is included throughout this filing and particularly in Item 1A: "Risk Factors " section set forth in this Annual Report on Form
1 0-K. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof and we assume no obligation to revise
or publicly release any revision to any such forward-looking statement, except as may otherwise be required by law.
Item 1. Business
ABOUT US
Netﬂix, Inc. (“Netﬂix”, “the Company”, “we”, or “us”) is the world’s leading internet television network with over 93 million streaming members in over
190 countries enjoying more than 125 million hours of TV shows and movies per day, including original series, documentaries and feature films. Our members can
watch as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, on nearly any internet-connected screen. Members can play, pause and resume watching, all without commercials
or commitments. Additionally, in the United States ("US"), our members can receive DVDs delivered quickly to their homes.
We are a pioneer in the internet delivery of TV shows and movies, launching our streaming service in 2007. Since this launch, we have developed an
ecosystem for internet-connected screens and have added increasing amounts of content that enable consumers to enjoy TV shows and movies directly on their
internet-connected screens. As a result of these efforts, we have experienced growing consumer acceptance of, and interest in, the delivery of TV shows and
movies directly over the internet.
Our core strategy is to grow our streaming membership business globally within the parameters of our profit margin targets. We are continuously improving
our members' experience by expanding our streaming content with a focus on a programming mix of content that delights our members. In addition, we are
perpetually enhancing our user interface and extending our streaming service to more internet-connected screens. Our members can now download a selection of
titles for ofﬂine viewing.
We continue to grow our streaming service both domestically and internationally. We began our international expansion with Canada in 2010 and have since
launched our service globally, with the exception of The People's Republic of China and territories where US. companies are not allowed to operate. We have also
expanded our streaming content offering to include more exclusive and original programming, including several Emmy, Golden Globe and Academy Award
nominated original series and documentaries. Our original programming increasingly includes content that we produce.
BUSINESS SEGMENTS
The Company has three reportable segments: Domestic streaming, International streaming and Domestic DVD. The Domestic streaming segment derives
revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of streaming content to our members in the United States. The International streaming
segment derives revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of streaming content to our members outside the United States. The
Domestic DVD segment derives revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of DVD-by-mail. For additional information regarding our
segments, including information about our financial results by geography, see Note 11 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data .
1