Table of Contents
Based on investment positions as of December 31, 2016 , a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates across all maturities would result in a $3.9
million incremental decline in the fair market value of the portfolio. As of December 31, 2015 , a similar 100 basis point increase in the yield curve would have
resulted in a $6.6 million incremental decline in the fair market value of the portfolio. Such losses would only be realized if the Company sold the investments
prior to maturity.
As of December 31, 2016 , we had $3.4 billion of debt, consisting of fixed rate unsecured debt in five tranches. Refer to Note 4 to the consolidated ﬁnancial
statements for details about all issuances. The fair value of our debt will ﬂuctuate with movements of interest rates, increasing in periods of declining rates of
interest and declining in periods of increasing rates of interest.
Foreign Currency Risk
International revenues and cost of revenues account for 36% and 48% , respectively, of consolidated amounts for the year ended December 31, 2016 . The
majority of international revenues and a smaller portion of expenses are denominated in currencies other than the US. dollar and we therefore have foreign
currency risk related to these currencies, which are primarily the euro, the British pound, the Canadian dollar, the Australian dollar and the Brazilian real.
Accordingly, changes in exchange rates, and in particular a weakening of foreign currencies relative to the US. dollar may negatively affect our revenue and
contribution proﬁt (loss) of our International streaming segment as expressed in US. dollars. For the year ended December 31, 2016 , we believe our international
revenues would have been approximately $174.4 million higher had foreign currency exchange rates remained consistent with those for the year ended
December 31, 2015 .
We have also experienced and will continue to experience ﬂuctuations in our net income as a result of gains (losses) on the settlement and the remeasurement
of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies that are not the functional currency. In the year ended December 31, 2016 , we recognized a $22.8
million foreign exchange gain which resulted primarily from the remeasurement of significant content liabilities denominated in currencies other than functional
currencies.
We do not use foreign exchange contracts or derivatives to hedge any foreign currency exposures. The volatility of exchange rates depends on many factors
that we cannot forecast with reliable accuracy. Our continued international expansion increases our exposure to exchange rate ﬂuctuations and as a result such
ﬂuctuations could have a signiﬁcant impact on our future results of operations.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements and accompanying notes listed in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are included immediately
following Part IV hereof and incorporated by reference herein.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K were effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to
be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to
our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, as appr0priate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
Our management, including our Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our
internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reﬂect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
beneﬁts of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Netﬂix have been detected.
3 1