Table of Contents
Future minimum payments under lease financing obligations and non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31, 2016 are as follows:
Future
Minimum
Year Ending December 31, Payments
(in thousands)
12017 $ 64,502 1
20 1 8 76,3 10
12019 68,456 1
2020 66,603
12021 57,434 1
Thereafter 307,535
'Total minimum payments $ 640,840 1
Rent expense associated with the operating leases was $53.1 million , $34.7 million and $26.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and
2014 , respectively.
Legal Proceedings
From time to time, in the normal course of its operations, the Company is subject to litigation matters and claims, including claims relating to employee
relations, business practices and patent infringement. Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex
legal proceedings are difﬁcult to predict and the Company's View of these matters may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold. The
Company expenses legal fees as incurred. The Company records a provision for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the
amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. An unfavorable outcome to any legal matter, if material, could have an adverse effect on the Company's operations
or its financial position, liquidity or results of operations.
The Company is involved in litigation matters not listed herein but does not consider the matters to be material either individually or in the aggregate at this
time. The Company's View of the matters not listed may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold.
6. Guarantees—Indemniﬁcation Obligations
In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into contractual arrangements under which it has agreed to provide indemniﬁcation of varying
scope and terms to business partners and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the Company’s breach of
such agreements and out of intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. In these circumstances, payment may be conditional on the other party
making a claim pursuant to the procedures specified in the particular contract.
The Company’s obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of time or amount, and in some instances, the Company may have recourse
against third parties for certain payments. In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and certain of its officers that
will require it, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or ofﬁcers. The terms
of such obligations vary.
It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments under these or similar agreements due to the
conditional nature of the Company’s obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. No amount has been accrued in the
accompanying financial statements with respect to these indemnification guarantees.
7. Stockholders’ Equity
53