Table of Contents
Item 1A. Risk Factors
If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our
common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
Risks Related to Our Business
If our efforts to attract and retain members are not successful, our business will be adversely affected.
We have experienced significant membership growth over the past several years. Our ability to continue to attract members will depend in part on our ability
to consistently provide our members with compelling content choices, as well as a quality experience for selecting and viewing TV shows and movies.
Furthermore, the relative service levels, content offerings, pricing and related features of competitors to our service may adversely impact our ability to attract and
retain memberships. Competitors include other entertainment video providers, such as MVPDs, internet-based movie and TV content providers (including those
that provide pirated content) and DVD rental outlets. If consumers do not perceive our service offering to be of value, including if we introduce new or adjust
existing features, adjust pricing or service offerings, or change the mix of content in a manner that is not favorably received by them, we may not be able to attract
and retain members. In addition, many of our members rejoin our service or originate from word-of-mouth advertising from existing members. If our efforts to
satisfy our existing members are not successful, we may not be able to attract members, and as a result, our ability to maintain and/or grow our business will be
adversely affected. Members cancel our service for many reasons, including a perception that they do not use the service sufficiently, the need to cut household
expenses, availability of content is unsatisfactory, competitive services provide a better value or experience and customer service issues are not satisfactorily
resolved. We must continually add new memberships both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. If we
do not grow as expected, given, in particular that our content costs are largely ﬁxed in nature and contracted over several years, we may not be able to adjust our
expenditures or increase our (per membership) revenues commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity and results of operation may
be adversely impacted. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in both retaining our existing memberships and attracting new
memberships, our business will be adversely affected. Further, if excessive numbers of members cancel our service, we may be required to incur significantly
higher marketing expenditures than we currently anticipate to replace these members with new members.
Changes in competitive offerings for entertainment video, including the potential rapid adoption of piracy-based video offerings, could adversely impact
our business.
The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. Through new and existing distribution channels, consumers have
increasing options to access entertainment video. The various economic models underlying these channels include subscription, transactional, ad-supported and
piracy-based models. All of these have the potential to capture meaningful segments of the entertainment video market. Piracy, in particular, threatens to damage
our business, as its fundamental proposition to consumers is so compelling and difficult to compete against: virtually all content for free. Furthermore, in light of
the compelling consumer proposition, piracy services are subject to rapid global growth. Traditional providers of entertainment video, including broadcasters and
cable network operators, as well as internet based e-commerce or entertainment video providers are increasing their internet—based video offerings. Several of these
competitors have long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand recognition and significant financial, marketing and other resources. They may secure
better terms from suppliers, adopt more aggressive pricing and devote more resources to product development, technology, infrastructure, content acquisitions and
marketing. New entrants may enter the market or existing providers may adjust their services with unique offerings or approaches to providing entertainment
video. Companies also may enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions. If we are unable to successfully or profitably
compete with current and new competitors, our business will be adversely affected, and we may not be able to increase or maintain market share, revenues or
profitability.
The long-term and ﬁxed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating ﬂexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of
operations.
In connection with obtaining streaming content, we typically enter into multi-year commitments with studios and other content providers, the payment terms
of which are not tied to member usage or the size of our membership base (“ﬁxed cost”) but which may be tied to such factors as titles licensed and/or theatrical
exhibition receipts. Such commitments are included in the Contractual Obligations section of Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations and Note 5, Commitments and Contingencies in Item 8 . Given the multiple-year duration and largely fixed cost nature of
content commitments, if membership acquisition and retention do not meet our expectations, our margins may be
3