Table of Contents
(3) Lease obligations include lease financing obligations of $18.5 million related to our current Los Gatos, California headquarters for which we are the deemed
owner for accounting purposes, commitments of $530.2 million for our expanded headquarters in Los Gatos, California, and our new office space in Los
Angeles, California and other commitments of $92.1 million for facilities under non-cancelable operating leases. These leases have expiration dates varying
through approximately 2027.
(4) Other purchase obligations include all other non-cancelable contractual obligations. These contracts are primarily related to streaming delivery, DVD
content acquisition, and miscellaneous open purchase orders for which we have not received the related services or goods.
As of December 31, 2016 , we had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $19.7 million which was classiﬁed in “Other non-current liabilities” and a reduction to
deferred tax assets which was classiﬁed as "Other non-current assets" in the consolidated balance sheets. At this time, an estimate of the range of reasonably
possible adjustments to the balance of unrecognized tax benefits cannot be made.
OﬁCBalan ce Sheet Arrangements
We do not have transactions with unconsolidated entities, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, whereby we have
ﬁnancial guarantees, subordinated retained interests, derivative instruments, or other contingent arrangements that expose us to material continuing risks,
contingent liabilities, or any other obligation under a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides ﬁnancing, liquidity, market risk, or credit risk
support to us.
Indemniﬁcations
The information set forth under Note 6 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements under the caption “Indemnification” is incorporated herein by reference.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of consolidated ﬁnancial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the ﬁnancial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. The Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") has
defined a company’s critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of a company’s ﬁnancial condition and results of operations,
and which require a company to make its most difﬁcult and subjective judgments. Based on this definition, we have identified the critical accounting policies and
judgments addressed below. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the
circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Streaming Content
We acquire, license and produce content, including original programing, in order to offer our members unlimited viewing of TV shows and ﬁlms. The content
licenses are for a fixed fee and speciﬁc windows of availability. Payment terms for certain content licenses and the production of content require more upfront cash
payments relative to the amortization expense. Payments for content, including additions to streaming assets and the changes in related liabilities, are classiﬁed
within "Net cash used in (provided by) operating activities" on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
For licenses we capitalize the fee per title and record a corresponding liability at the gross amount of the liability when the license period begins, the cost of
the title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming. The portion available for streaming within one year is recognized as “Current content assets,
net” and the remaining portion as “Non-current content assets, net” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
For productions, we capitalize costs associated with the production, including development cost and direct costs. We include these amounts in "Non-current
content assets, net" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Participations and residuals are expensed in line with the amortization of production costs.
Based on factors including historical and estimated viewing patterns, we amortize the content assets (licensed and produced) in “Cost of revenues” on the
Consolidated Statements of Operations, over the shorter of each title's contractual window of availability or estimated period of use, beginning with the month of
ﬁrst availability. The amortization period typically ranges from six months to ﬁve years. For content where we expect more upfront viewing, for instance due to
additional merchandising and marketing efforts, we amortize on an accelerated basis. We review factors that impact the
28