Table of Contents
COMPETITION
The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. We compete against other entertainment video providers, such as
multichannel video programming distributors ("MVPDs"), internet-based movie and TV content providers (including those that provide pirated content), video
gaming providers and DVD rental outlets and more broadly against other sources of entertainment that our members could choose in their moments of free time.
We also compete against entertainment video providers in obtaining content that our members love, both for licensed streaming content and for original content
projects.
While consumers may maintain simultaneous relationships with multiple entertainment sources, we strive for consumers to choose us in their moments of
free time. We have often referred to this choice as our objective of "winning moments of truth." In attempting to win these moments of truth with our members, we
are continually improving our service, including both our technology and our content, which is increasingly exclusive and curated, and includes our own original
programming.
SEASONALITY
Our membership growth exhibits a seasonal pattern that reﬂects variations when consumers buy internet-connected screens and when they tend to increase
their viewing. Historically, the first and fourth quarters (October through March)represent our greatest membership growth across our Domestic and International
streaming segments. Our membership growth may be impacted by the release of certain high-profile original content. Internationally, we expect each market to
demonstrate more predictable seasonal patterns as our service offering in each market becomes more established and we have a longer history to assess such
patterns.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual
property as important to our success. We use a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements to protect our
proprietary intellectual property. Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights is subject to certain risks and from time to time we encounter
disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property. We cannot provide assurance that we will prevail in any intellectual property disputes.
EMPLOYEES
As of December 31, 2016 , we had approximately 4,700 total employees. Of these employees, approximately 4,500 were full-time, including approximately
1,300 categorized as temporary.
OTHER INFORMATION
We were incorporated in Delaware in August 1997 and completed our initial public offering in May 2002. Our principal executive offices are located at 100
Winchester Circle, Los Gatos, California 95032, and our telephone number is (408) 540-3700.
We maintain a Web site at www.netﬂz'x.c0m. The contents of our Web site are not incorporated in, or otherwise to be regarded as part of, this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, “Netflix,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” “our” and the “registrant” refer to Netﬂix, Inc. We make available,
free of charge on our Web site, access to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and
amendments to those reports ﬁled or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as
soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish them electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").
Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using our investor relations Web site ( http://z’nnetﬂix. com
), SEC ﬁlings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels as well as social media to communicate with our members and the
public about our company, our services and other issues. It is possible that the information we post on social media could be deemed to be material information.
Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on the social media channels listed on our
investor relations Web site.
2