required by Borrower's independent auditors, in each case, as determined in accordance with GAAP, plus (vi) the amount of all other non-cash impairment charges
approved by the Bank _.
(d) Exhibit E to the Loan Agreement is amended to read as set forth in Attachment “1” hereto.
2. Complianceiwith,MinimumﬁEBIIDALCovenant,. Borrower’s compliance with the minimum EBITDA covenant as of December 31, 2016, for
purposes of Section 6.7(b) of the Loan Agreement, shall be determined based on Section 6.7(b) as amended by this Amendment.
3. Consent to Asset Acquisition and Liabilities Assumption . Bank consents to the Asset Acquisition and the Liabilities Assumption in accordance with
the Assumption Agreement, on the condition that (i) no Event of Default exists or would result from the passage of time, the giving of notice or both as of the
effective date of the Asset Acquisition and the Liabilities Assumption, and (ii) Borrower, by executing this Amendment, covenants to cause Nesscap, Inc. to enter
into a Secured Guaranty in accordance with Section 6.10 of the Loan Agreement if Nesscap, Inc. is not dissolved or wound up within sixty (60) days of the
effective date of the Asset Acquisition and the Liabilities Assumption.
4. Consent,tozLo,calization,AgreementIransactions,. Bank consents to (i) Borrower’s assignment of patents to CRRC-SRI in accordance with Section
3.2 of the Localization Agreement and the Patent Assignment and License Agreement, as defined in the Localization Agreement, (ii) Borrower’s exclusive license
to CRRC-SRI of the patents described in, and in accordance with, Section 4.1 of the Localization Agreement, (iii) Borrower’s assignment to CRRC-SRI of the
intellectual property developed during the term of the Localization Agreement as described in Section 6.1(c) of the Localization Agreement, (iv) Borrower’s
nonexclusive license to CRRC-SRI of the intellectual property described in, and in accordance with, Section 6.1(f)(i) of the Localization Agreement, and (v)
Borrower’s transfer of equipment to CRRC-SRI as described in Section 3.1 of the Localization Agreement, on the condition that no Event of Default exists or
would result from the passage of time, the giving of notice or both as of the date hereof.
5. Coursezoszealing: No course of dealing on the part of Bank or its officers, nor any failure or delay in the exercise of any right by Bank, shall
operate as a waiver thereof, and any single or partial exercise of any such right shall not preclude any later exercise of any such right. Bank’s failure at any time to
require strict performance by Borrower of any provision of the Loan Documents shall not affect any right of Bank thereafter to demand strict compliance and
performance. Any suspension or waiver of a right must be in writing signed by an officer of Bank.
6. Miscellaneous. Unless otherwise defined, all initially capitalized terms in this Amendment shall be as defined in the Loan Agreement. The Loan
Agreement, as amended hereby, shall be and remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and hereby is ratified and confirmed in all respects. Except
as expressly set forth herein, the execution, delivery, and performance of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of, or as an amendment of, any right,
power, or remedy of Bank under the Loan Agreement, as in effect prior to the date hereof.
7. lgpresentations,andLWarranties,. Borrower represents and warrants that the Representations and Warranties contained in the Loan Agreement are
true and correct as of the date of this Amendment, and that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
8. QQnditiQnS,Bre,c,e,d,ent,. As conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Amendment:
(a) Bank shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank, the following:
(i) this Amendment, duly executed by Borrower,
(ii) a Corporate Borrowing Certificate with respect to incumbency and resolutions authorizing the execution and delivery of this
Amendment, substantially in the form attached hereto; and