Our business is subject to risks related to its international operations including the risk that we will be unable to adequately comply with the changing
rules and regulations in countries where our business is conducted.
We derive a signiﬁcant portion of our revenue and earnings from international operations. Such operations outside the US. are subject to special risks and
restrictions, including: ﬂuctuations in currency values and foreign currency exchange rates, import and export requirements and trade policy, anti-corruption laws,
tax laws (including US. taxes on foreign subsidiaries), foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirements, labor laws, anti-
competition regulations, and other potentially detrimental domestic and foreign governmental practices or policies affecting US. companies doing business abroad.
Compliance with these US. and foreign laws and regulations increases the costs of doing business in foreign jurisdictions and these costs may continue to increase
in the future as a result of changes in such laws and regulations or in their interpretation. Furthermore, we have implemented policies and procedures designed to
ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and
regulations or our policies. Any Violations of rules and regulations could individually or in the aggregate materially adversely affect our financial condition or
operating results. Some of our business partners also have international operations and are subject to the risks described above. Even if we are able to successfully
manage the risks of international operations, our business may be adversely affected if our business partners are not able to successfully manage these risks.
Our success could be negatively impacted if we fail to control, oversee and direct foreign subsidiaries and their operations.
We currently own foreign subsidiaries located within Europe and Asia, including those involved in the recently announced target acquisition, where the
employees and cultures represent certain vast differences from employees and cultures within the United States where our corporate headquarters is situated. While
the cultural values and phiIOSOphies of the people located in Europe and portions of Asia are generally viewed to be in alignment with that of US. persons, there
are still some significant differences. For example, the respective European data privacy laws take a harsher position regarding the protection of employee personal
data and, consequently, there is less information shared with the US. parent corporation regarding employees working for our European subsidiaries. Additionally,
the human resources and the systems our foreign entities use can be vastly different; notably, our Swiss, German, Korean, and Chinese subsidiaries utilize a
primary language other than English for communications. Having substantial international operations also increases the complexity of managing our financial
reporting and internal controls and procedures. If we are unable to manage these risks effectively, it could negatively impact our operating performance and our
reputation.
Our exposure to ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates arising from international operations could harm our financial condition and operating
results.
As a result of our extensive international operations and significant revenue generated outside the U.S., the dollar amount of our current and future revenue,
expenses and debt may be materially affected by ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Our primary exposure to movements in foreign currency
exchange rates relates to non-US. dollar denominated sales in Europe as well as non-US. dollar denominated operating expenses incurred throughout the world.
Weakening of foreign currencies relative to the US. dollar will adversely affect the US. dollar value of our foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings, and
generally could lead us to raise international pricing, potentially reducing demand for our products. In some circumstances, due to competition or other reasons, we
may decide not to raise local prices to the full extent to offset unfavorable exchange rate ﬂuctuations, or at all, which would adversely affect the US. dollar value
of our foreign currency denominated sales and earnings. Conversely, a strengthening of foreign currencies, while generally beneficial to our foreign currency-
denominated sales and earnings, could cause us to realize a reduction in our overall gross margin as the US. dollar value of our foreign currency-denominated
expenses increases. As a result of the recent inﬂation in the value of the Swiss Franc against many other currencies, the prices for our high-voltage products, which
are denominated primarily in Swiss Francs, became less affordable to customers that trade in these other currencies. This may result in a decrease in sales of our
high-voltage products, or we could be required to reduce our prices, and thereby our profit margins, to maintain our market share.
Our business activities are subject to the F CPA and other anti-bribery laws. If we fail to comply with anti-bribery laws and regulations, we could be
subject to civil and/or criminal penalties as well as further expenses related to an additional internal investigation.
Due to our status as a US. issuer, we are subject to the F CPA, which prohibits companies from making, promising or offering improper payments or other
things of value to foreign ofﬁcials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or a business advantage. In January 2011, we reached settlements with the SEC
and DOJ with respect to charges asserted regarding certain payments made to an independent third-party sales agent in China for our high-voltage capacitor
products produced by our Swiss subsidiary, Maxwell SA. As a result, we were required to pay monetary fines totaling $14.4 million , and to implement additional
remedial measures to strengthen our compliance program concerning anti-bribery.
1 8