“ ,BackgraundjntellectuaLEronerti;” (or “ BIB)” means any Intellectual Property, excluding the Patents, owned or controlled by a Party prior to
the execution of this Localization Agreement or arising outside the scope of the work performed under this Localization Agreement and without
use of Conﬁdential Information of the other Party.
" Conﬁdential Information " means:-
- all information as so deﬁned within the Conﬁdential and Nondisclosure Agreement, as amended, by and between the Parties with an
effective date of March 31, 2014 (hereinafter “ NDA ”);
- such additional information which is designated as being conﬁdential information within this Localization Agreement or the Localization
Term Sheet; and
- any other information disclosed under or in relation to the negotiation of this Localization Agreement or the Localization Term Sheet.
“ Control,” (and its derivate, “ Controlled”) means, in relation to any Person, the power to direct, directly or indirectly, the management or
policies of a Person, whether through (1) ownership, direct or indirect, of more than ﬁfty percent (50%) of the issued and paid up voting share
capital of such Person; or (2) ownership, direct or indirect, of more than ﬁfty percent (50%) of the voting power of such Person; or (3)
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to appoint or approve the appointment of more than half of the members of the board of
directors or similar governing body of such Person.
“ Customers,” means any purchasers or end users of the UCAP Modules in the Territory in the Field who are supplied UCAP Modules by or on
behalf of Party A.
“ ,Eﬁfectiveﬂate,” means the date appearing beneath the last signature affixed to this Localization Agreement.
“ ﬁqgipment," means the equipment used for manufacturing UCAP Modules, details of which are set out in Annex A, including all related
accessories, manuals and instructions provided for it, and which was delivered to Party A in accordance with the Equipment Letter.
“ Equipmentietteﬂ means the letter from Party B to Party A regarding "Equipment Delivery for Localization Activities" dated November 7 2016.
“ Extended Production Date ” means a period of six (6) months following the Production Date.
“ ,EaiLlZalue," means a reasonable sale price having regard to the cost of manufacture, individual components (including the price of the UCAP
Cell), labor and the relative cost of similar products in the Territory at the applicable level of supply chain.
“ ,Eield,” means the bus market.
“ Foreground Intellectual Propertig” (or “ FIP”) means all Intellectual Property invented, conceived, developed, devised, discovered, authored,
or created by the Parties, either solely or jointly, in the course of the work performed under this Localization Agreement.
“ InitiaLliCA/lMQdules,” means the versions of the UCAP Modules sold by Party B as of the date of this Localization Agreement in the form of a
48V UCAP Module, a 54V UCAP Module, and a 96V UCAP Module.
Conﬁdenﬁal
Maxwell Agreement No.: 000004530
Localization Agreement — SRI-Maxwell 3