We offer our ultracapacitor cells with capacitances ranging from 1 to 3,400 farads. Applications such as hybrid-electric bus, truck and auto drive trains,
electric rail systems, renewables stabilization and uninterruptible power supply systems require integrated energy storage systems consisting of up to hundreds of
ultracapacitor cells. To facilitate adoption of ultracapacitors for these larger systems, we have developed integration technologies, including proprietary electrical
balancing and thermal management systems and interconnect technologies. We hold patents for certain of these technologies. We offer a broad range of standard
multi—cell modules. Our current standard multi-cell products each incorporate from 6 to 60 of our cells to provide “plug and play” solutions for applications
requiring from 16 to 160 volts, and these modules are designed to be linked together for higher voltage and higher power applications.
High- Voltage Capacitors
Electric utility infrastructure includes switches, circuit breakers, step-down transformers and measurement instruments that transmit, distribute and measure
high-voltage electrical energy. High-voltage capacitors are used to protect these systems from high-voltage arcing. With operational lifetimes measured in decades,
these applications require high reliability and durability.
Under our CONDIS ® line of high-voltage capacitor products, Maxwell has more than 100 years of experience in this industry, and is the world’s largest
producer of such products for use in utility infrastructure. Engineers with specific expertise in high-voltage systems develop, design and test our high-voltage
capacitor products in our development and production facility in Rossens, Switzerland. Our high-voltage capacitors are produced through a proprietary assembly
and automated winding and drying process to ensure consistent quality and reliability. We are continuously upgrading and expanding our high-voltage capacitor
production facility and high end laboratory which has resulted in a doubling of our output capacity and significant shortening order-to-delivery intervals.
We sell our high-voltage capacitor products to large systems integrators, which install and service power plants and electrical utility infrastructure
worldwide.
Manufacturing
Our internal manufacturing operations are conducted in production facilities located in Peoria, Arizona and Rossens, Switzerland. We have made substantial
capital investments to outﬁt and expand our internal production facilities and incorporate mechanization and automation techniques and processes. We have trained
our manufacturing personnel in advanced operational techniques, added information technology infrastructure and implemented new business processes and
systems to increase our manufacturing capacity and improve efﬁciency, planning and product quality. Our ultracapacitor electrode material is currently produced
exclusively at our Peoria facility. We outsource the assembly of our 60 mm diameter large cell ultracapacitors, and subsequently, assembly of large cell-based
multi—cell modules to Belton Technology Group (“Belton”), a contract manufacturer with operations in Shenzhen, China. In 2010, we outsourced assembly of our
mid-size D-cell ultracapacitor products and D-cell-based multi-cell modules to Tianjin Lishen Battery J oint-Stock Co. Ltd. (“Lishen”), one of China’s largest
producers of lithium-ion batteries, based in Tianjin. We believe that we have sufﬁcient capacity to meet near-term demand for all of our product lines.
Ultracapacz’tors
We produce electrode material for our own ultracapacitor products, and for sale to other ultracapacitor manufacturers such as Yeong-Long Technologies Co.,
Ltd. (“YEC”) at our Peoria facility. In 2013, we completed a major electrode capacity expansion in our Peoria facility. This facility gives us sufﬁcient capacity to
support both our current ultracapacitor production requirements and external electrode demand in the near term. As demand increases, additional increments of
electrode production capacity can be added within a year through the utilization of established equipment vendors.
We also produce our engine start module on production lines in our Peoria facility. As noted above, we have outsourced assembly of all other cell types and
multi—cell modules to contract manufacturers in Asia. To increase reliability, reduce cost, simplify assembly and facilitate automation, we have designed our
ultracapacitor products to incorporate lower-cost materials and to reduce both the number of parts in a ﬁnished cell and the number of manufacturing process steps
required to produce them. We intend to continue using outsourced cell and module assembly in countries with cost efficient value added services, but plan to
continue to produce our proprietary electrode material only in internal production facilities to ensure the continued protection of our intellectual property.
7