PART I
Item 1. Business
Introduction
Maxwell was incorporated under the name Maxwell Laboratories, Inc. in 1965. The Company made an initial public offering of common stock in 1983, and
changed its name to Maxwell Technologies, Inc. in 1996. Today, we develop, manufacture and market energy storage and power delivery products for
transportation, industrial, information technology and other applications. Our products are designed and manufactured to perform reliably with minimal
maintenance for the life of the applications into which they are integrated. We believe that this “life-of-the-application” reliability gives our products a competitive
advantage and enables them to command higher profit margins than commodity products. We focus on the following lines of high-reliability products and
technologies:
° Ultracapacitors: Ultracapacitors are energy storage devices that possess a unique combination of high power density, extremely long operational life and
the ability to charge and discharge very rapidly. Our ultracapacitor cells, multi—cell packs and modules provide highly reliable energy storage and power
delivery solutions for applications in multiple industries, including automotive, bus, rail and truck in transportation, grid energy storage and renewable
wind energy solutions. Our recently developed lithium-ion capacitors are energy storage devices with the power characteristics of an ultracapacitor
combined with enhanced energy storage capacity approaching that of a battery. They are uniquely designed to address a variety of applications in the
rail, grid, and industrial markets where energy density and weight are differentiating factors.
0 Dry Battery Electrode Technology: We believe our dry electrode technology has the potential to be a revolutionary technology within the battery
industry with a substantial market opportunity, particularly for use in electric vehicles. By applying our proprietary and fundamental dry electrode
manufacturing technology and trade secrets to batteries of varying chemistries, we believe we can create signiﬁcant performance and cost benefits when
compared with today’s state of the art wet electrode technology.
0 High- Voltage Capacitors: Our CONDIS® high-voltage capacitors are designed and manufactured to perform reliably for decades in all climates. These
products include grading and coupling capacitors and electric voltage transformers that are used to ensure the safety and reliability of electric utility
infrastructure and other applications involving tranSport, distribution and measurement of high-voltage electrical energy.
In April 2016, we sold substantially all assets and liabilities related to our radiation-hardened microelectronics product line. Our radiation-hardened
microelectronic products for satellites and spacecraft included single board computers and components, such as high-density memory and data conversion modules.
General Product Line and Technology Overview
Ultracapacitors
Ultracapacitors enhance the efficiency and reliability of devices or systems that generate or consume electrical energy. They differ from other energy storage
and power delivery products by combining rapid charge/discharge capabilities typically associated with film and electrolytic capacitors with energy storage
capacity generally associated with batteries. Although batteries store significantly more electrochemical energy than ultracapacitors, they cannot charge and
discharge as rapidly and efficiently as ultracapacitors. Conversely, although electrolytic capacitors can deliver bursts of high power very rapidly, they have limited
energy storage capacity, and therefore cannot sustain power delivery as long as ultracapacitors. Also, unlike batteries, which store energy by means of a chemical
reaction and experience gradual depletion of their energy storage and power delivery capability over hundreds to a few thousand charge/discharge cycles,
ultracapacitors’ energy storage and power delivery mechanisms involve minimal chemical reactions, so they can be charged and discharged hundreds of thousands
to millions of times in typical operating environments with negligible performance degradation. This ability to store energy, deliver bursts of power and perform
reliably for many years, with little or no maintenance, makes ultracapacitors an attractive and efﬁcient energy storage option for a wide range of energy-consuming
and generating devices and applications.
Based on potential volumes, we believe that the tranSportation industry represents the largest current market opportunity for ultracapacitors. Transportation
applications include braking energy recuperation and torque-augmentation systems for hybrid-electric buses, trucks, autos and electric rail vehicles, vehicle power
network smoothing and stabilization, and engine starting systems for light and heavy duty trucks to support anti-idle laws for emissions reduction.
2