Uncertainty in the global geopolitical landscape from recent events may impede the implementation of our strategy outside the United States.
There may be uncertainty as to the position the United States will take with respect to world affairs and events following the 2016 US. presidential election
and related change in political agenda, coupled with the transition of administrations. This uncertainty may include such issues as US. support for existing treaty
and trade relationships with other countries, including, notably, China. This uncertainty, together with other key global events during 2016 (such as recently
enacted currency control regulations in China, the continuing uncertainty arising from the Brexit referendum in the United Kingdom as well as ongoing terrorist
activity), may adversely impact (i) the ability or willingness of non-US. companies to transact business in the United States, including with the Company, (ii) our
ability to transact business in other countries, (iii) regulation and trade agreements affecting US. companies, (iv) global stock markets (including The Nasdaq
Global Market on which our common shares are traded), and (V) general global economic conditions. All of these factors are outside of our control, but may
nonetheless cause us to adjust our strategy in order to compete effectively in global markets.
There may be changes in, and uncertainty with respect to, legislation, regulation and governmental policy due to recent elections in the United States.
The recent presidential and congressional elections in the United States could result in significant changes in, and uncertainty with respect to, legislation,
regulation and government policy. While it is not possible to predict whether and when any such changes will occur, changes at the local, state or federal level
could impact fuel cell market adoption in the USA and the alternative energy technologies sector in the USA, generally. Speciﬁc legislative and regulatory
proposals discussed during and after the election that could have a material impact on us include, but are not limited to, reform of the federal tax code;
infrastructure renewal programs; and modifications to international trade policy, public company reporting requirements, environmental regulation and antitrust
enforcement.
We may not be successful in growing through acquisitions or integrating effectively any businesses and operations we may acquire.
Our success depends on our ability to continually enhance and broaden our product offerings in response to changing customer demands, technology, and
competitive pressures as well as entry into new vertical markets. To remain competitive, we recently entered into an agreement providing for the acquisition of
substantially all of the assets and business of Nesscap Energy, Inc., which includes complementary businesses to expand our portfolio of products and to add value
to the projects undertaken for clients or enhance our capital strength. We do not know if we will be able to complete any future acquisitions or whether we will be
able to successfully integrate any acquired businesses, operate them proﬁtably, or retain their key employees.
If we cannot successfully close this planned acquisition, we may not be able to successfully expand our operations or achieve our revenue and other financial
targets. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient cash ﬂow from an acquisition or realize any other anticipated benefits. In
addition, there can be no assurance that the due diligence undertaken in connection with an acquisition will uncover all liabilities relating to the acquired business.
Nor can there be any assurance that our profitability will be improved as a result of this acquisition. Any acquisition may involve operating risks, such as:
0 the difficulty of assimilating the acquired operations and personnel and integrating them into our current business;
0 the potential impairment of employee morale;
- the potential disruption of our ongoing business;
- preserving important strategic and customer relationships;
0 the diversion of management’s attention and other resources;
0 the risks of entering markets in which we have little or no experience;
0 the possibility that acquisition-related liabilities that we incur or assume may prove to be more burdensome than anticipated;
0 the risks associated with possible violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act of 2010, and other anti-corruption
laws as a result of any acquisition or otherwise applicable to our business; and
0 the possibility that any acquired businesses do not perform as expected.
1 5