High- Voltage Capacitors
We produce our high-voltage grading and coupling capacitors and electronic voltage transformers in our Rossens, Switzerland facility. We believe we are the
only high-voltage capacitor producer that manufactures its products with stacking, assembly and automated winding processes. This enables us to produce
consistent, high quality and highly reliable products, and gives us sufficient capacity to satisfy anticipated global customer demand. We operate the assembly
portion of the manufacturing process using a “just-in-time” design, allowing us to increase production capacity without adding direct labor, and significantly
shortening order-to-delivery intervals.
Suppliers
We generally purchase components and materials, such as carbon powder, certain electronic components, dielectric materials, and ceramic insulators from a
variety of suppliers. For certain products, we rely on a limited number of suppliers or a single supplier for a number of reasons, including notably, the cost
effectiveness of doing business with a single supplier. Although we believe there are alternative sources for some of the components and materials that we
currently obtain from a single source, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and qualify alternative suppliers in a timely and cost effective
manner. Therefore, for certain critical components, we utilize mitigation strategies such as, for example, maintaining an inventory of safety stock on site at our
respective manufacturing locations in an effort to minimize the impact of an unforeseen disruption in supply from these outside parties.
Marketing and Sales
We market and sell our products worldwide through both direct and indirect sales channels for incorporation by integrators and OEM customers into a wide
range of end products. Because the introduction of products based on emerging technologies requires customer acceptance of new and unfamiliar technical
approaches, and because many OEM customers have rigorous vendor qualification processes, the design-in process and initial sale of our products often takes
months or even years.
Our principal marketing strategy is to identify applications for which our products and technology offer a compelling value proposition, to become a
preferred vendor on the basis of service and price, and to negotiate supply agreements that enable us to establish long-term relationships with key OEM and
integrator customers. To Optimize our go-to-market strategy and tailor our products to end user application, we organized our marketing team into two specialized
ultracapacitor product line teams. One team supports Automotive and TranSportation market segments which require highly rugged and robust products with very
stringent automotive qualification requirements and solid change management. The other team supports all Green Infrastructure applications such as grid energy
storage, wind power and other more stationary applications that require very cost sensitive products with very high service lifetimes and often very complex
systems solutions. Our marketing efforts strive to develop application specific product portfolios and solutions for our Automotive & Transportation and Green
Infrastructure market segments. As these design-in sales tend to be technical and engineering-intensive, we organize market-specific teams composed of sales,
applications engineering and other technical and operational personnel to work closely with our customers across multiple disciplines to satisfy their requirements
for form, ﬁt, function and environmental needs. As time-to-market often is a primary motivation for our customers to use our products, the initial sale and design-in
process typically evolves into ongoing account management to ensure on-time delivery, responsive technical support and value added problem-solving.
We design and conduct discrete marketing programs intended to position and promote each of our product lines. These include trade shows, seminars,
advertising, product publicity, distribution of product literature, internet websites and social media. We utilize marketing communications specialists to develop
and implement our marketing programs, design and develop marketing materials, negotiate advertising media purchases, write and place product press releases and
manage our marketing websites.
We also have an alliance with YEC to assemble and market small cell ultracapacitor products. In addition, we sell electrode material to YEC, both for
Maxwell-branded products and for incorporation into YEC’s own ultracapacitor products.
Competition
Each of our product lines has competitors, some of whom have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other
resources, greater name recognition and larger installed customer bases than we have. In some of the target markets for our emerging technologies, we face
competition both from products utilizing well-established, existing technologies and other novel or emerging technologies.
8