Stock-Based Compensation
The Company issues stock-based compensation awards to its employees and non-employee directors, including stock options, restricted stock, restricted
stock units, and shares under an employee stock purchase plan. The Company records compensation expense for stock-based awards in accordance with the criteria
set forth in the Stock Compensation Subtopic of the F ASB ASC. The Company uses the Black-Scholes Option pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock
option grants. The determination of the fair value of stock options utilizing the Black-Scholes model is affected by the Company’s stock price and a number of
assumptions, including expected volatility, expected term, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends.
The fair value of restricted stock awards (“RSAs”) and restricted stock unit awards (“RSUs”) with service-based or performance-based vesting is based on
the closing market price of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant. Compensation expense equal to the fair value of each RSA or RSU is recognized
ratably over the requisite service period. For RSUs with vesting contingent on Company performance conditions, the Company uses the requisite service period
that is most likely to occur. The requisite service period is estimated based on the performance period as well as any time-based service requirements. If it is
unlikely that a performance condition will be achieved, no compensation expense is recognized unless it is later determined that achievement of the performance
condition is likely. Expense may be adjusted for changes in the expected outcomes of the related performance conditions, with the impact of such changes
recognized as a cumulative adjustment in the consolidated statement of operations in the period in which the expectation changes.
In 2014 and 2016, the Company issued market-condition RSUs to certain members of executive management. Since the vesting of the market-condition
RSUs is dependent on stock price performance, the fair values of these awards were estimated using a Monte-Carlo valuation model. The determination of the fair
value of market-condition RSUs utilizing a Monte-Carlo valuation model was affected by the Company’s stock price and a number of assumptions, including
expected volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends.
In 2016, Company adopted a bonus plan that enabled participants to earn annual incentive bonuses based upon achievement of specified financial and
strategic performance objectives. Under the terms of this plan, the Company has the ability to settle bonuses earned under the plan with fully vested RSUs. For the
ﬁscal year 2016 performance period, the Company intends to settle the amounts earned under the bonus plan in fully vested RSUs in the first quarter of 20 17. The
stock-based compensation expense accrued under this bonus plan represents stock-settled debt per ASC 718 and ASC 480, as such, the Company has recorded a
liability for bonuses expected to be paid in fully vested RSUs in “accrued employee compensation” in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets.
Stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of operations is based on equity awards ultimately expected to vest. The
Company estimates forfeitures at the time of grant and revises forfeitures, if necessary, in subsequent periods with a cumulative catch up adjustment if actual
forfeitures differ from those estimates. For market-condition awards, because the effect of the market-condition is reﬂected as an adjustment to the awards’ fair
value at grant date, subsequent forfeitures due to the Company’s stock price performance do not result in a reversal of expense.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“F ASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2014-09, Revenue ﬂom Contracts
with Customers . The standard provides companies with a single model for accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes current
revenue recognition guidance, including industry-speciﬁc revenue guidance. The core principle of the model is to recognize revenue when control of the goods or
services transfers to the customer, as opposed to recognizing revenue when the risks and rewards transfer to the customer under the existing revenue guidance. The
guidance permits companies to either apply the requirements retrospectively to all prior periods presented, or apply the requirements in the year of adoption,
through a cumulative adjustment. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14, Deferral of the Effective Date , which defers the required adoption date of ASU
2014-09 by one year. As a result of the deferred effective date, ASU 2014-09 will be effective for the Company in its first quarter of fiscal 2018. Early adoption is
permitted but not before the original effective date of the new standard of the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The following ASUs were subsequently issued by the
FASB to clarify the implementation guidance in some areas and add practical expedients: In March 2016, ASU 2016-08, Revenue ﬂom Contracts with Customers:
Principal versus Agent Considerations; in April 2016, ASU 2016-10, Revenue ﬂom Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and
Licensing; in May 2016, ASU 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Narrow Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients; and in December 2016,
ASU 2016-20, Technical Corrections and Improvements to Revenue ﬂom Contracts with Customers . The Company’s has begun the process of evaluating its
standard product sales arrangements and has not yet identified any expected material impact on the timing and measurement of revenue for these arrangements
from the adoption of this standard; however, the Company has not yet formalized its final conclusions from this review process. The Company is still evaluating
the impact of adoption on non-product sale arrangements, which represent less than five percent of revenue. The Company has also developed a comprehensive
project plan to guide implementation of the new standard. The Company has not yet determined its method of adoption for the new accounting standard.
59