22. DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND GOVERNING LAW
22.1.Resolution by the Parties . Any dispute or disagreement between the Parties relating to the rights, duties, remedies or other matters arising
out of, relating to, or in connection with this Localization Agreement, including, but not limited to, disputes or declaratory relief sought
regarding commercialization and license terms and disputes about validity, termination, performance, interpretation, or breach (hereinafter “
Dispute”), will be referred to the Steering Committee for resolution. If a Dispute cannot be resolved by the Steering Committee within a
period of thirty (30) calendar days from the date that the Dispute is presented to the Steering Committee, the Dispute will be referred to the
highest ranking business officer of each Party, or their duly authorized nominees, for resolution. If the Dispute cannot be resolved by the
highest ranking business officers of the Parties within a period of sixty (60) calendar days from the date that the Dispute is referred to them,
either Party may refer the Dispute to arbitration for resolution in accordance with Section 22.2 below.
22.2.Arbitration,. Any Dispute arising out of or in connection with this Localization Agreement, including any question regarding its existence,
validity or termination, that is not resolved by the Parties under Section 22.1 above shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in
Hong Kong administered by the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre (hereinafter " HKIAC") in accordance with the HKIAC Administered
Arbitration Rules (hereinafter, the " HKIAC Rules ") then in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Section,
except as otherwise provided herein. The arbitration tribunal shall consist of three (3) arbitrators, with a presiding arbitrator. The presiding
arbitrator shall not be a national of China nor of the United States of America and such arbitrator shall be fluent in English. Party A and Party
B shall each appoint one (1) arbitrator and the third arbitrator, who shall serve as the presiding arbitrator, shall be appointed by agreement
between the Parties. In the event that the Parties cannot agree on the nomination of the third arbitrator within fourteen (14) days of the
arbitration tribunal accepting the case, the third arbitrator shall be appointed by the administrator of the arbitration tribunal. The language to
be used in the arbitration proceedings shall be English and Chinese. All costs of arbitration (including arbitration fees, costs of arbitrators,
costs of translation and interpretation and legal fees and disbursements) shall be determined by the arbitral tribunal in accordance with the
HKIAC Rules. The arbitral award shall be final and binding upon the Parties.
22.3.Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this section or the authority of the arbitral tribunal to grant interim measures, the Parties agree
that once the Parties have attempted to resolve the dispute under Section 22.1 above and when the dispute is accepted by HKIAC under
Section 22.2 above, each Party has the right to seek, to the extent permitted under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, temporary or
permanent injunctive or other similar relief, including any causes of action necessary to support such relief, in the relevant court or other
authority of competent jurisdiction in the location where the infringement or breach takes place in respect of any claims of infringement of
rights in Intellectual Property or Know-How, breach of obligations under Section 11 (Publicity), breach of obligations under Section 12
(Publications), breach of obligations under Section 13 (Proprietary or Conﬁdential Information), or breach of obligations under Section 14
(Non-Solicitation). For clarity, each Party is entitled to apply for permanent injunction or similar relief but both Parties agree that a decision on
whether such relief will be final shall be subject to the final conclusion of the concurrent arbitration proceeding.
22.4.G,ov,erning,Law,. The governing law of the Localization Agreement shall be the laws of Hong Kong, without regard to principles of conflicts of
law that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
23. ASSIGNMENT AND SUBCONTRACTING
Conﬁdenﬁal
Maxwell Agreement No.: 000004530
Localization Agreement — SRI-Maxwell 18