We believe the following are either (i) critical accounting policies that require us to make signiﬁcant estimates or assumptions in the preparation of our
consolidated financial statements or (ii) other key accounting policies that may require us to make difﬁcult or subjective judgments.
Revenue Recognition
Nature of Estimates Required . Sales revenue is primarily derived from the sale of products directly to customers. Product revenue is recognized when all of
the criteria for revenue recognition are met. Customer agreements and other terms of the sale are evaluated to determine when the criteria for revenue recognition
have been met, and therefore when revenue should be recognized. Revenue recognition is deferred until all the criteria for revenue recognition have been met.
Assumptions and Approach Used . Product revenue is recognized when all of the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
according to customer contracts or sales documents; (2) title and risk of loss pass to the customer according to the order’s shipping terms; (3) price is deemed ﬁxed
or determinable and free of signiﬁcant contingencies or uncertainties; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Customer contracts, or purchase orders and order
confirmations, are generally used to determine the existence of an arrangement. Shipping terms determine when the passage of title and risk of loss have occurred.
We assess whether a price is ﬁxed or determinable based upon the payment terms associated with the transaction. We assess the collectability of accounts
receivable based primarily upon creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit checks and analysis, as well as the customer’s payment history. If we
determine that a particular sale does not meet all of the above criteria for revenue recognition, revenue is not recognized until all of the criteria are determined to
have been achieved.
A portion of our sales revenue is derived from sales to distributors. Distributor revenue is recognized when all of the criteria for revenue recognition are met,
which is generally the time of shipment to the distributor; all returns and credits are estimable and not significant.
Total deferred revenue and customer deposits in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 was $4.0 million and $3.1 million ,
respectively, and primarily relates to cash received from a customer in connection with a production-type contract, for which revenue is recognized using the
percentage of completion method, and payments received under our joint development agreement, which are recognized as an offset to research and development
expense as services are performed.
Excess and Obsolete Inventory
Nature of Estimates Required . Estimates are principally based on assumptions regarding the ability to sell the items in our inventory. Due to the uncertainty
and potential volatility inherent in these estimates, changes in our assumptions could materially affect our results of operations.
Assumptions and Approach Used . Our estimate for excess and obsolete inventory is evaluated on a quarterly basis and is based on rolling historical
inventory usage and assumptions regarding future product demand. As actual levels of inventory change or specific products become slow moving or obsolete, our
estimated reserve may materially change.
Pension
Nature of Estimates Required . We use several significant assumptions within the actuarial models utilized in measuring our pension beneﬁt obligations and
assets held by the pension plan.
Assumptions and Approach Used . The discount rate and expected return on assets are estimates impacting plan expense and asset and liability measurement.
We evaluate these critical assumptions at least annually. We periodically evaluate actuarial assumptions involving demographic factors, which are used to measure
the pension obligation, such as retirement age, mortality and turnover, and update them to reﬂect our experience and expectations for the future. Actual results in
any given year will often differ from actuarial assumptions because of economic and other factors. The projected beneﬁt obligation as of December 31, 2016 was
$30.3 million and the fair value of plan assets was $39.1 million . The Company does not have any rights to the assets of the plan other than the right to offset the
liabilities of the plan.
4 1