Due to our operations in Switzerland, we are subject to Swiss anti-bribery regulations. In August 2013, our Swiss subsidiary was served with a search warrant
from the Swiss federal prosecutor’s office. Based upon our exposure to the case, we believe this action to be related to the same or similar facts and circumstances
as the F CPA action previously settled with the SEC and the DOJ. Our failure to achieve a favorable result in these proceedings could have a material adverse
impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
We depend upon component and product manufacturing and logistical services provided by third parties, many of whom are located outside of the US.
Substantially all of our components and products are manufactured in whole or in part by a few third-party manufacturers. Many of these manufacturers are
located outside of the US. and are all located within a relatively small geographic location. If a catastrophic event occurs within this area, or the social or economic
conditions shift within this geography, we could experience business interruptions, delayed delivery of products, or other adverse impacts to our ongoing business.
We have also outsourced much of our tranSportation and logistics management. While these arrangements may lower operating costs, they also reduce our direct
control over production and distribution. Such diminished control could have an adverse effect on the quality or quantity of our products as well as our ﬂexibility to
respond to changing conditions. In addition, we rely on third-party manufacturers to adhere to the terms and conditions of the agreements in place with each party.
For example, although arrangements with such manufacturers may contain provisions for warranty expense reimbursement, we may remain responsible to the
customer for warranty service in the event of product defects. Any unanticipated product defect or warranty liability, whether pursuant to arrangements with
contract manufacturers or otherwise, could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results.
To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand, we must introduce and commercialize new products successfully as well as adequately educate
our prospective customers on the products we oﬂer.
Our ability to compete successfully depends heavily on our ability to ensure a continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products and
technologies to the marketplace. We believe that we are unique in that we are a technology leader for the technologies we deliver and typically must first educate
the customer regarding the implementation of our solution in their systems before the customer is capable of designing in our products. As a result, we must make
significant investments in research and development efforts as well as sales and marketing efforts, including applications engineering resources. By contrast, many
of our competitors, including some which are well capitalized with significant financial resources at their disposal, seek to compete primarily through aggressive
pricing and very low cost structures. If we are unable to continue to develop and sell innovative new products or if we are unable to effectively educate the
prospective customer on the value proposition offered by the implementation of our products, then our ability to maintain a competitive advantage could be
negatively affected and our ﬁnancial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.
Competition in the energy storage domain has significantly affected, and will continue to aﬂect, our sales.
Many companies are engaged in or are starting to engage in designing, developing and producing energy storage solutions as a consequence of the movement
towards clean energy solutions in both the commercial and public sectors. Consequently, more companies are pursuing opportunities in the energy storage domain
and are beginning to compete in the markets in which we do business. The success of these new competitors could render our products less competitive, resulting
in reduced sales compared with our expectations or past results. Certain companies which recently initiated efforts to enter the markets in which we do business,
including, notably, in China, possess greater access to capital resources or utilize different product development strategies which vary in both time to market and
innovation methodologies. Consequently, these companies could develop products that are superior to ours, more competitively priced than ours or faster to market
than ours. Additionally, significant amounts of US. government funds are being invested in the development of batteries with better performance characteristics or
lower manufacturing costs than battery technologies currently on the market and, consequently, these new, advanced batteries that include power delivery
functionality could compete for market share with our ultracapacitor products. Moreover, as the market leader for certain markets for energy storage, competitors
often follow our lead in the advancement of technologies for energy storage or customers attempt to facilitate second sources of comparable products, thereby
requiring us to innovate rapidly in order to continue to serve as the market leader. The success of the products offered by our competitors could reduce our market
share, thereby negatively impacting our ﬁnancial results.
1 9