Table,0f,C,0ntents
Liquidity
As of December 31, 2016 , we had approximately $25.4 million in cash and cash equivalents, and working capital of $53.1 million . In July 2015, we entered
into a loan agreement with East West Bank (“EWB”), whereby EWB made available to us a secured credit facility in the form of a Revolving Line of Credit. The
Revolving Line of Credit is available up to a maximum of the lesser of: (a) $25.0 million; or (b) a certain percentage of domestic and foreign trade receivables. As
of December 31, 2016 , the amount available under the Revolving Line of Credit was $11.4 million . No amounts have been borrowed under this Revolving Line of
Credit as of December 31, 2016 .
In addition, in June 2014, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC to, from time to time, sell up to $125 million of our common
stock, warrants, debt securities or units. On June 30, 2014, the registration statement was declared effective by the SEC, which allows us to access the capital
markets for the three-year period following this effective date. On April 23, 2015, we entered into an At-the-Market Equity Offering Sales Agreement (“Sales
Agreement”) with Cowen and Company, LLC (“Cowen”) pursuant to which we could sell, at our option, up to an aggregate of $10.0 million in shares of common
stock through Cowen, as sales agent. Under the Sales Agreement, we agreed to pay Cowen a commission equal to 3.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of
shares of our common stock. On June 11, 2015, we completed the sale of approximately $10.0 million of our common stock and terminated the
offering. Approximately 1.83 million shares were sold in the offering at an average share price of $5.46. We received net proceeds of $9.6 million after
commissions and offering costs of $0.4 million.
In April 2016, we completed the sale of substantially all of the assets and liabilities of our microelectronics product line and received cash proceeds of $20.5
million , net of a one year $1.5 million holdback on the purchase price.
Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $10.0 million in 2017 . Approximately 45% of our planned capital spending is focused on product
research and development and 35% is focused on improving manufacturing processes. The remaining planned capital spending will support information technology
infrastructure and improvements to our facilities.
As of December 31, 2016 , the amount of cash and short-term investments held by foreign subsidiaries was $18.8 million. If these funds are needed for our
operations in the US. in the future, we may be required to pay taxes to repatriate these funds at a rate of approximately 5%. We have accrued the tax expense
associated with the potential future repatriation of these funds.
Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2016, our Board of approved a comprehensive restructuring plan for our businesses that includes a wide range of
organizational efficiency initiatives and other cost reduction opportunities. We estimate that we will incur total aggregate charges of approximately $0.8 million to
$1.0 million from this restructuring, primarily based upon estimated severance and related costs. We expect that most of these charges will be cash expenditures
and we expect to recognize most of the charges related to this restructuring in the first quarter of fiscal 2017.
In connection with our potential acquisition of substantially all of the assets and business of Nesscap, we expect to incur approximately $3.5 million to $4.5
million in cash expenditures. We expect the acquisition to be completed in the second quarter of 2017, subject to approval of the shareholders of Nesscap,
regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.
Revolving Line of Credit
In July 2015, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the “Loan Agreement”) and related agreements with East West Bank (“EWB”), whereby
EWB made available to us a secured credit facility in the form of a revolving line of credit (the “Revolving Line of Credit”). The Revolving Line of Credit is
available up to a maximum of the lesser of: (a) $25.0 million; or (b) a certain percentage of domestic and foreign trade receivables. As of December 31, 2016 , the
amount available under the Revolving Line of Credit was $11.4 million . In general, amounts borrowed under the Revolving Line of Credit are secured by a lien on
all of our assets, including our intellectual property, as well as a pledge of 100% of our equity interests in the Company’s Swiss subsidiary. The obligations under
the Loan Agreement are guaranteed by the Swiss subsidiary. The Revolving Line of Credit will mature on July 3, 2018. In the event that we are in violation of the
representations, warranties and covenants made in the Loan Agreement, including certain financial covenants set forth therein, we may not be able to utilize the
Revolving Line of Credit or repayment of amounts owed pursuant to the Loan Agreement could be accelerated. We are currently in compliance with the ﬁnancial
covenants that we are required to meet during the term of the credit agreement including the minimum four-quarter rolling EBITDA, quarterly minimum quick
ratio and minimum cash requirements. On March 1, 2017, we entered into an amendment to the Loan Agreement to approve the acquisition of substantially all of
the assets and business of Nesscap Energy, Inc., and to modify certain financial covenants.
Am0unts borrowed under the Revolving Line of Credit bear interest, payable monthly. Such interest shall accrue based upon, at our election, subject to
certain limitations, either a Prime Rate plus a margin or the LIBOR Rate plus a margin, ranging from 0% to 0.50% or the LIBOR Rate plus a margin ranging from
2.75% to 3.25%, the specific rate for each as determined based upon our leverage ratio from time to time.
39