MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to “Maxwell,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Maxwell Technologies, Inc. and its
subsidiaries, and all references to “Maxwell SA” refer to our Swiss subsidiary, Maxwell Technologies, SA.
Note 1—Description of Business and Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Description of Business
Maxwell Technologies, Inc. is a Delaware corporation originally incorporated in 1965 under the name Maxwell Laboratories, Inc. In 1983, the Company
completed an initial public offering, and in 1996, changed its name to Maxwell Technologies, Inc. The Company is headquartered in San Diego, California, and
has two manufacturing facilities located in Rossens, Switzerland and Peoria, Arizona. In April 2016, the Company exited its manufacturing facility in San Diego,
California. In addition, the Company has two contract manufacturers located in China. Maxwell operates as one operating segment, which is comprised of two
product lines:
° Ultracapacitors: Ultracapacitors are energy storage devices that possess a unique combination of high power density, extremely long operational life
and the ability to charge and discharge very rapidly. The Company’s ultracapacitor cells, multi-cell packs and modules provide highly reliable energy
storage and power delivery solutions for applications in multiple industries, including automotive, bus, rail and truck in transportation and grid energy
storage, and wind in renewable energy. The Company has been focusing on developing complementary lithium-ion capacitors which are cost efﬁcient
energy storage devices with the power characteristics of an ultracapacitor combined with enhanced energy storage capacity. They are uniquely designed
to address a variety of applications in the rail, grid, and industrial markets where energy density and weight are differentiating factors.
0 High- Voltage Capacitors: The Company’s CONDIS ® high-voltage capacitors are designed and manufactured to perform reliably for decades in all
climates. These products include grading and coupling capacitors and capacitive voltage dividers that are used to ensure the safety and reliability of
electric utility infrastructure and other applications involving tranSport, distribution and measurement of high-voltage electrical energy.
In April 2016, the Company sold substantially all of the assets and liabilities of a third product line, radiation-hardened microelectronics. The Company’s
radiation-hardened microelectronic products for satellites and spacecraft included single board computers and components, such as high-density memory and
power modules.
The Company’s products are designed and manufactured to perform reliably for the life of the products and systems into which they are integrated. The
Company achieves high reliability through the application of proprietary technologies and rigorously controlled design, development, manufacturing and test
processes.
Financial Statement Presentation
The accompanying consolidated ﬁnancial statements include the accounts of Maxwell Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries and have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“US GAAP”). All intercompany transactions and account balances have been
eliminated in consolidation.
Liquidity
As of December 31, 2016 , the Company had approximately $25.4 million in cash and cash equivalents, and working capital of $53.1 million . In July 2015,
the Company entered into a loan agreement with East West Bank (“EWB”), whereby EWB made available to the Company a secured credit facility in the form of a
revolving line of credit which is available up to a maximum of the lesser of: (a) $25.0 million ; or (b) a certain percentage of domestic and foreign trade
receivables. As of December 31, 2016 , no amounts have been borrowed under this revolving line of credit and the amount available was $11.4 million .
Management believes the available cash balance, along with the available borrowings under the revolving line of credit, will be sufficient to fund operations,
obligations as they become due, and capital investments for at least the next twelve months.
54