Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We are committed to maintaining disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports ﬁled
under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Ofﬁcer, as apprOpriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Ofﬁcer and Principal Financial Ofﬁcer, we conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2016 , as such term is defined under
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is deﬁned in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive ofﬁcer and principal
ﬁnancial ofﬁcer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control—
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our ﬁnancial
statements would be prevented or detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions or because the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Based on our evaluation under the
framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) , management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2016 .
BDO USA, LLP, the independent registered public accounting ﬁrm that audited the consolidated ﬁnancial statements of Maxwell in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, has issued an unqualiﬁed opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016 which is included in
this Item under the heading “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm”.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There have been no changes in our internal control over ﬁnancial reporting that occurred during our last ﬁscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
82