or Conﬁdential Information, Know-How, Licensed Technology and Know-How and trade secrets of an owning Party or disclosing Party, and will
certify in writing that it has done so in full and that no copies or parts of any proprietary or Conﬁdential Information, Know-How, Licensed
Technology and Know-How and trade secrets of such owning Party or disclosing Party remain in its possession or control, except that one
archival copy of documents evidencing the proprietary or Conﬁdential Information may be retained by counsel in a secure location for
veriﬁcation purposes only.
11. PUBLICITY
11.1.No Party will use the name of the other Party or its ofﬁcers or employees in any publicity, advertising, or news release without obtaining the
prior written approval of the other Party; provided that nothing in Sections 11 and 12 precludes the Parties from disclosing the existence and
the terms of this Localization Agreement if and to the extent such disclosures are reasonably believed to be required to satisfy laws and
regulations applicable to the Parties and provided that the disclosing Party must obtain the consent of the other Party in writing prior to
disclosure, and only to the extent related to the Parties' activities under this Localization Agreement.
12. PUBLICATIONS
12.1.Neither Party may publish any information arising under this Localization Agreement without the prior express written consent of the other
Party. If a Party intends to publish any information arising under this Localization Agreement, then such Party will provide the other Party with
thirty (30) calendar days to review and modify the proposed publication.
13. PROPRIETARY OR CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
13.1.Unless otherwise agreed upon by the Parties in writing, conﬁdentiality under this Localization Agreement will be governed by the Nondisclosure
Agreement between the Parties dated March 31, 2014 (the “ NDA”). The term of the NDA is hereby extended to run through the end of this
Localization Agreement. The scope of deﬁnition of “ Conﬁdential Information ” shall include all information exchanged under this Localization
Agreement that a Party designates as confidential. The term of the confidentiality obligations shall be as stated within the NDA. For the
avoidance of doubt, all information contained in Annexes A, B, C, D, E and F and all Intellectual Property dealt with under this Localization
Agreement constitutes Confidential Information of Party B subject to the terms and conditions of the NDA.
13.2.Absent written permission from the disclosing Party, the receiving Party will use, and will ensure that its Affiliates use, Conﬁdential Information
received from the disclosing Party only in connection with carrying out this Localization Agreement.
13.3.Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Localization Agreement shall not prevent disclosure of certain information, including the name of the other
Party, in response to a valid order or other requirement of a court or other governmental body or regulation; provided that the Party making
the disclosure pursuant to such order or requirement shall ﬁrst give prompt written notice to the other Party and make a reasonable effort to
obtain a protective order requiring that the information or the documents so disclosed be used only for the purpose for which the order was
issued or the requirement is intended.
14. NON-SOLICITATION
14.1.Except as otherwise provided under Section 5.3, Each Party (the “ non-Empngg Party:”) understands and acknowledges that the other Party
(the “ ,Eleayiagfézm/j) has expended and continues to expend significant time and expense in recruiting and training its employees and that
the loss of
Conﬁdenﬁal
Maxwell Agreement No.: 00000453.0
Localization Agreement — SRI-Maxwell 15