Table,0f,C,0ntents
We also seek to expand market opportunities and revenue for our high-voltage capacitors. The market for high-voltage capacitors consists mainly of
expansion, upgrading and maintenance of existing electrical utility infrastructure and new infrastructure installations in developing countries. Such installations are
capital-intensive and frequently are subject to regulation, availability of government funding and general economic conditions. In 2017, we plan to expand capacity
at our existing high-voltage capacitor production facility in Rossens, Switzerland in order to better meet demand and forecasted production volume.
On February 28, 2017, we announced that we entered into an agreement providing for the acquisition of substantially all of the assets and business of
Nesscap Energy, Inc. (“Nesscap”), a developer and manufacturer of ultracapacitor products for use in traHSportation, renewable energy, industrial and consumer
markets, for an aggregate purchase price of $23.2 million, which shall be paid in full through the issuance of 4.6 million shares of Maxwell common stock, subject
to adjustment. The potential acquisition of Nesscap will add complementary businesses to our operations and expand our portfolio of products and add value for
our customers. We expect the acquisition to be completed in the second quarter of 2017, subject to approval of the shareholders of Nesscap, regulatory approvals
and other customary closing conditions.
In February 2017, we announced a restructuring plan to implement a wide range of organizational efﬁciencies and cost reduction opportunities to better align
our costs with near term revenue. In connection with the restructuring plan, we expect to incur restructuring charges between $0.8 million and $1.0 million,
primarily related to employee severance. We expect that most of these charges will be cash expenditures and we expect to recognize the majority of the charges in
the first quarter of fiscal 2017. We anticipate annual cost savings between $2.5 million and $3.0 million as a result of this restructuring plan, including a benefit in
the range of $2.0 million to $2.5 million realized over the remainder of fiscal 2017.
In 2015 and 2016, we executed our 2015 restructuring plan which consolidated US. manufacturing operations and reduced headcount and operating
expenses in order to align our cost structure with the current business and improve operational efficiency. The plan also included the disposition of our
microelectronics product line which was completed in April 2016. The cost savings resulting from the 2015 restructuring activities is approximately $5 million to
$6 million per year.
In 2016 , revenue was $121.2 million compared with $167.4 million in 2015 , representing an overall decrease of 28% . The decrease is primarily attributable
to lower revenue for our ultracapacitor products, for which revenue decreased by 38% to $71.5 million in 2016 from $114.5 million in 2015 . The decrease in
ultracapacitor product revenue was primarily due to government subsidy program changes in China, particularly a proposed requirement to localize product
manufacturing, which significantly decreased sales of hybrid transit vehicle applications. This decrease was partially offset by increased sales for rail transit
applications.
Revenue for our high-voltage capacitor products was $45.2 million in 2016 compared with $41.7 million for the prior year, representing an increase of 8% .
Due to the sale of the product line in April 2016, microelectronics product revenue decreased to $4.6 million in 2016 compared with $11.1 million in 2015 .
As of December 31, 2016 , we had cash and cash equivalents of $25.4 million . Management believes that this available cash balance will be sufficient to
fund our operations, obligations as they become due and capital investments for at least the next twelve months. In addition, we have a revolving line of credit
available up to a maximum of $25.0 million, subject to a borrowing base limitation, and we have not borrowed any amounts under this facility to date. In the future,
we may decide to supplement existing cash and planned cash ﬂow from operations by borrowing funds or by issuing additional debt or equity.
Overall gross margin for fiscal year 2016 decreased to 27% compared with 30% in 2015 , primarily associated with a change in product mix which includes
lower sales of higher margin microelectronics products and an increase in product costs due to higher unabsorbed fixed costs associated with the lower sales
volume. Operating expenses in 2016 increased to 48% of revenue, compared with 41% of revenue in the prior year, primarily attributable to significantly lower
revenue in 2016, partially offset by lower operating expenses due to our restructuring and cost reduction efforts.
Going forward, we will continue to focus on growing our business and strengthening our market leadership and brand recognition through further penetration
of existing markets, entry into new markets and development of new products. Our primary focus will be to grow our ultracapacitor business by increasing sales
into primary applications, including traHSportation, renewable energy and backup power. In order to achieve our growth objectives, we will need to overcome risks
and challenges facing our business.
3 1