The third part of our strategy is focused on our dry battery electrode technology, which has the potential to be a revolutionary technology with a large market
opportunity, particularly in electric vehicles. As with ultracapacitors, our proprietary, high throughput manufacturing process for dry battery electrode produces
highly reliable electrode material with uniform characteristics resulting in enhanced product performance and long term durability. We believe that lithium ion
batteries are the key enabling technology for vehicle electrification, and as such, cost reduction and performance improvement have become critical targets for the
world’s leading lithium ion battery manufacturers and automotive OEMS. By applying our proprietary, fundamental dry electrode manufacturing process and trade
secrets to lithium ion batteries, we believe that we can create significant performance and cost benefits when compared to today’s state of the art technology. This
innovation is only viable because of our leadership in ultracapacitor innovation, as well as our proprietary dry electrode manufacturing experience and evolution
over many years. With the automotive industry shifting towards electrification, several large global players in the automotive and battery industries are
independently evaluating our dry battery electrode technology as a potentially viable improvement to existing technology solutions. In 2016, we signed a joint
development agreement with a leading global automotive OEM as well as a global tier one automotive supplier on a proof-of-concept to develop and validate pilot-
Volume dry battery electrode performance, which targets a speciﬁc electric vehicle platform expected to be released in approximately 2022. In experiments and
testing to date, significant performance and cost advantages of our dry electrode manufacturing process compared with wet electrode technology have been
identified and we are progressing on track with the remaining key milestones under this proof-of-concept, while the objective of the development effort still
requires further validation of the viability and scalability in a fully commercialized electric vehicle system. We are also experiencing increased interest from
additional large, brand name, global players in the energy storage and automotive industries regarding future joint development and commercialization efforts.
Unlocking the value of this technology for our customers, our partners and our shareholders has become a key priority for Maxwell. Given recent successes in the
proof-of-concept development activities and the increasing interest from global leaders in the automotive and energy storage markets, we have begun to shift more
investment towards our dry battery electrode technology and anticipate broader development and commercialization collaborations as we complete the current
proof-of-concept activities towards the end of 20 17.
Products and Applications
Our products incorporate our know-how and proprietary energy storage and power delivery technologies at both the component and system levels for
specialized, high-value applications that demand “life-of-the-application” reliability.
Ultracapacitors
Ultracapacitors, also known as electrochemical double-layer capacitors (“EDLC”) or supercapacitors, store energy electrostatically. Although ultracapacitors
are electrochemical devices, minimal chemical reactions are involved in their energy storage mechanism. Their electrostatic energy storage mechanism is fully
reversible, allowing ultracapacitors to be rapidly charged and discharged hundreds of thousands to millions of times with minimal performance degradation.
Compared with electrolytic capacitors, which have very low energy storage capacity and discharge power too rapidly for many power delivery applications,
ultracapacitors have much greater energy storage capacity and can deliver energy over time periods ranging from fractions of a second to several minutes.
Compared with batteries, which require minutes or hours to fully charge or discharge, ultracapacitors discharge and recharge in as little as fractions of a
second. Although ultracapacitors store only about five to ten percent as much electrical energy as a battery of comparable size, they can deliver or absorb electric
energy up to 100 times more rapidly than batteries. Because they operate reliably through hundreds of thousands to millions of charge cycles, compared with only
hundreds to a few thousand equivalent cycles for batteries, ultracapacitors have significantly higher lifetime energy throughput, which equates to signiﬁcantly
lower cost on a life cycle basis.
We link our ultracapacitor cells together in multi-cell modules to satisfy energy storage and power delivery requirements of varying voltages. Both individual
cells and multi-cell products can be charged from any primary energy source, such as a battery, generator, fuel cell, solar panel, wind turbine or electrical outlet.
Virtually any device or system whose intermittent peak power demands are greater than its average continuous power requirement is a candidate for an
ultracapacitor-based energy storage and power delivery solution.
Our ultracapacitor products have signiﬁcant advantages over batteries, including:
0 the ability to charge and discharge up to 100 times faster,
0 significantly lower weight per unit of power delivery;
0 higher charge/discharge turnaround efficiency, minimizing energy loss;
0 the ability to operate reliably and continuously in extreme temperatures (-40° C to +65° C);
5