Risks Attendant to Foreign Operations and Dependence
We have substantial operations in Switzerland, and we derive a significant portion of our revenue from sales to customers located outside the US. We expect
our international sales to continue to represent a signiﬁcant amount of our future revenue. As a result, our business will continue to be subject to certain risks, such
as those imposed by domestic laws and regulations related to topics such as export controls and interactions with foreign ofﬁcials as well as foreign government
regulations, including, notably, changes in tax laws, tax treaties, tariffs and freight rates. To the extent that we are unable to respond effectively to political,
economic and other conditions in the countries where we operate and do business, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely
affected. Some of our business partners also have international operations and are subject to the risks described above. Even if we are able to successfully manage
the risks of international operations, our business may be adversely affected if our business partners are not able to successfully manage these risks as well.
Having substantial international operations also increases the complexity of managing our ﬁnancial reporting and internal controls and procedures.
Additionally, as a result of our extensive international operations and signiﬁcant revenue generated outside the U.S., the dollar amount of our current and future
revenue, expenses and debt may be materially affected by ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Similarly, assets and liabilities of our Swiss subsidiary
that are not denominated in its functional currency are subject to effects of currency ﬂuctuations, which may affect our reported earnings. Also, changes in the mix
of income from our domestic and foreign operations, expiration of tax holidays and changes in tax laws and regulations could increase our tax expense. If we are
unable to manage these risks effectively, it could impair our ability to achieve our targets for revenue and proﬁtability.
As a result of our status as a publicly traded company within the U.S., we are subject to the US. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“F CPA”), which prohibits
companies from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Additionally, as a result of our international
operations, we could also be subject to the anti-bribery laws of other jurisdictions which vary slightly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may be different than the
F CPA. If we fail to comply with anti-bribery laws and regulations, we could be subject to civil and/or criminal penalties as well as expenses related to any internal
investigation.
Backlog
Product backlog as of December 31, 2016 was approximately $11.4 million, compared with $18.1 million as of December 31, 2015 . Backlog consists of
ﬁrm orders for products that will be delivered within 12 months. The actual amount of backlog at any particular time may not be a meaningful indicator of future
business prOSpects as this amount is impacted by a number of factors including potential cancellations of orders by our customers.
Signiﬁcant Customers
No customers accounted for 10% or more of total revenue in the year ended December 31, 2016 . One customer, Shenzhen Xinlikang Supply China
Management Co. Ltd., accounted for 19% and 20% of total revenue in the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 , respectively.
Government Regulation
Due to the nature of our operations, including, notably, the use of hazardous substances in some of our manufacturing and research and development
activities, we are subject to stringent federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and policies governing workplace safety and environmental protection. These
include the use, generation, manufacture, storage, air emission, efﬂuent discharge, handling and disposal of certain materials and wastes. In the course of our
historical operations, materials or wastes may have Spilled or been released from properties owned or leased by us or on or under other locations where these
materials and wastes have been taken for disposal. These properties and the materials and wastes spilled, released, or disposed thereon are subject to environmental
laws which may impose strict liability, without regard to fault of the original conduct, for remediation of contamination resulting from such releases. Under such
laws and regulations, we could be required to remediate previously spilled, released, or disposed substances or wastes, or to make capital improvements to prevent
future contamination. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations also could result in the assessment of substantial administrative, civil and criminal penalties
and even the issuance of injunctions restricting or prohibiting our activities. It is also possible that implementation of stricter environmental laws and regulations in
the future could result in additional costs or liabilities to us as well as the industry in general. While we believe we are in substantial compliance with existing
environmental laws and regulations, we cannot be certain that we will not incur substantial costs in the future related to unknown liabilities.
12