War, terrorism, geopolitical uncertainties, public health issues, and other business interruptions have caused and could cause damage or disruption to
international commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect on us, our suppliers, logistics providers, manufacturing partners and
customers. Our business operations could be subject to interruption by power shortages, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, labor disputes, public health issues,
and other events beyond our control. Such events could decrease demand for our products, make it difficult or impossible for us to produce and deliver products to
our customers, or to receive components from our suppliers, thereby creating delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain. Should major public health issues,
including pandemics, arise, we could be negatively affected by more stringent employee travel restrictions, additional limitations in freight services, governmental
actions limiting the movement of products between regions, and disruptions in the operations of our manufacturing partners and component suppliers. The majority
of our research and development activities, our corporate headquarters, information technology systems, and other critical business operations, including certain
component suppliers and manufacturing partners, are in locations that could be affected by natural disasters. In the event of a natural disaster, losses could be
incurred and significant recovery time could be required to resume operations and our financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely
affected. While we may purchase insurance policies to cover the direct economic impact experienced following a natural disaster occurring at one of our own
facilities, there can be no assurance that such insurance policies will cover the full extent of our financial loss nor will they cover losses which are not economic in
nature such as, for example, our business and reputation as a reliable supplier.
We may be subject to information technology systems failures, network disruptions and breaches in data security.
Information technology system failures, network disruptions and breaches of data security could disrupt our operations by impeding the manufacture or
shipment of products, the processing of transactions or reporting of financial results, or by causing an unintentional disclosure of confidential information. In the
ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data in our data centers and on our networks, including intellectual property, proprietary business
information, and personal information of our business partners and employees. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may
be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the
information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. While management has taken steps to address these concerns by implementing certain
data and system redundancy, hardening and fail-over along with other network security and internal control measures, there can be no assurance that the measures
we have implemented to date would be sufficient in the event of a system failure, loss of data or security breach. As a result, in the event of such a failure, loss of
data or security breach, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.
Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to
sujfer.
In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our
customers, suppliers and business partners, and personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, in our data centers and on our networks. The
secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Despite our security measures, our
information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such
breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other
loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, disruption
of our operations and the services we provide to customers, and damage to our reputation, which could adversely affect our financial results and competitive
position.
Our ability to match our production plans for our ultracapacitor products to the level of product actually demanded by customers has a significant eﬁ’ect
on our sales, costs and growth potential.
Customers’ decisions are affected by market, economic and government regulation conditions which can be difficult to accurately gauge in advance. In
addition, many of the markets for our ultracapacitor products are within emerging industries as well as within project-oriented business models and, as such, it can
be difficult to predict our future customer demand. Failure to provide customers and channel partners with demanded quantities of our products could reduce our
sales. Conversely, increased capacity which exceeds actual customer demands for our products increases our costs and, consequently, reduces our profit margins on
the products delivered. Although we have implemented policies and procedures for refining our forecasting methods, including a more sophisticated mechanism for
gauging the sales pipeline to better project timing of new customer demand, there can be no assurance that these policies and procedures will provide accurate
intelligence to align our production plans with customer demands. As a result of all of these factors, we could fail to meet revenue or profit margin targets.
23