Stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statement of operations is based on equity awards ultimately expected to vest. We
estimate forfeitures at the time of grant and revise, as necessary, in subsequent periods with a cumulative catch up adjustment if actual forfeitures differ from those
estimates.
Assumptions and Approach Used . In determining the value of stock option and market-condition RSU grants, we estimate an expected dividend yield of zero
because we have never paid cash dividends and have no present intention to pay cash dividends. The expected term calculation is based on the actual life of
historical stock option grants. Expected volatility is based on our historical stock prices using a mathematical formula to measure the standard deviation of the
change in the natural logarithm of our underlying stock price over a period of time commensurate with the expected term. The risk-free interest rate is derived from
the zero coupon rate on US. Treasury instruments with a term commensurate with the awards expected term.
For RSUs with vesting contingent on the achievement of Company performance conditions, the amount of compensation expense is estimated based on the
expected achievement of the performance condition. This requires us to make estimates of the likelihood of the achievement of Company performance conditions,
which is highly judgmental. We base our judgments as to the expected achievement of Company performance conditions based on the ﬁnancial projections of the
Company that are used by management for business purposes, which represent our best estimate of expected Company performance. If it is unlikely that a
performance condition will be achieved, no compensation expense is recognized unless it is later determined that achievement of the performance condition is
likely. Further, the requisite service period is estimated based on the performance period as well as any time-based employee service requirements.
We evaluate the assumptions used to value stock-based awards on a quarterly basis. If factors change and we employ different assumptions, stock-based
compensation expense may differ significantly from what we have recorded in the past. If there are any modiﬁcations or cancellations of stock-based awards, we
may be required to accelerate, increase or decrease any remaining, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense. Compensation expense may be signiﬁcantly
impacted in the future to the extent our estimates differ from actual results.
Income Taxes
Nature of Estimates Required . We record an income tax valuation allowance when the realization of certain deferred tax assets, including net operating
losses, is not likely. Not included in the net operating loss deferred tax asset is approximately $10.0 million of gross deferred tax asset attributable to stock option
exercises, restricted stock grants, and disqualifying dispositions of both incentive stock options and stock issued under the Company’s ESPP as they did not reduce
taxes payable.
We record US. income taxes on the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries unless the subsidiaries” earnings are considered indeﬁnitely reinvested
outside of the US. As of December 31, 2016 , we have recorded a $4.9 million deferred tax liability for Swiss withholding taxes associated with $97.6 million of
undistributed earnings of our Swiss subsidiary that are no longer considered indeﬁnitely reinvested. In the event that we repatriate these funds, this withholding tax
would become payable to the Swiss government. As of December 31, 2016 , there were no undistributed earnings considered indeﬁnitely reinvested.
Assumptions and Approach Used . Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between tax and ﬁnancial statement recognition of revenue and
expense. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction from which they arise, we consider all available positive and negative
evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations.
Signiﬁcant judgments and estimates are required in this evaluation. If we determine that we are able to realize a portion or all of these deferred tax assets in the
future, we will record an adjustment to increase their recorded value and a corresponding adjustment to increase income or additional paid in capital, as
appropriate, in that same period.
Commitments and Contingencies
Nature of Estimates Required . We are involved in litigation, regulatory and other proceedings and claims. We prosecute and defend these matters
aggressively. However, there are many uncertainties associated with any litigation, and there can be no assurance that these actions or other third-party claims
against us will be resolved without costly litigation and/or substantial settlement charges.
43