Business Strategy
Our primary objective is to signiﬁcantly increase our revenue and proﬁt margins by leveraging our differentiating, proprietary “dry electrode technology”
platform, and to diversify our business and ultimately position the Company for accelerated, proﬁtable growth to create value for our shareholders. In order to
accomplish this objective, we are focused on the following three strategic imperatives:
- First, to maintain or expand our leadership position and market share for our high-voltage product line, which provides foundational cash ﬂow and the
opportunity for steady long-term growth;
° Second, to narrow our ultracapacitor market focus and optimize our product portfolio investment. To date, ultracapacitors have required our most
significant investment and we are focused on markets which will deliver the required diversification and scale to transition our business to higher, proﬁtable growth
opportunities in a large and growing market;
0 Third, to leverage our differentiating, pr0prietary dry battery electrode technology to establish significant partnerships with industry leaders in
automotive and energy storage. We believe this technology platform could accelerate the shift towards vehicle electrification and has the potential to unlock new
applications with signiﬁcant revenues opportunities in a potentially large market.
Starting with our high voltage product line, our strategy is to capitalize on a significant shift happening now in the global high voltage market. While these
products address highly specialized applications, we are a technology leader in the market niches they serve, and thus are able to sell our products at attractive
profit margins. To maintain and expand this competitive position, we are leveraging our technological expertise to develop new products that not only meet the
demands of our current markets, but also address additional applications. Leveraging our market leadership, we intend to grow revenue over the next ﬁve years by
capitalizing on these new products we have recently introduced and for which we are experiencing increasing demand. To meet this growing demand, we have
recently embarked on a factory expansion which is expected to be completed in 2018. The continued foundational cash ﬂow from this product line is critical for us
to sustain and grow our investment engine and to sufﬁciently invest in our ultracapacitor product line and our differentiating dry battery electrode platform.
The second part of our strategy is to narrow our market focus and optimize our product portfolio investment for our ultracapacitor product line. Over the last
year, we have made steady progress leveraging our core competencies and diversifying this product line as we transition to higher growth market opportunities in
automotive, power grid, rail, and wind. We believe that our automotive business, which has contributed a modest, but historically consistent revenue stream, has
the largest growth potential. Our power grid and rail markets are in nascent stages of growth and are expected to become more significant contributors to our
revenue growth in the coming years. The wind market, while highly dependent on China government subsidy program changes, continues to be a major revenue
contributor, but with a modest growth opportunity. For the China bus market, we have established a localized manufacturing partnership with CRRC-SRI to reduce
our dependency on China government inﬂuences, thus positioning us for future revenue growth. Additionally, we have been focused on optimizing our
ultracapacitor product portfolio, and expanding our addressable market and customer base. To that end, we are collaborating and partnering with key existing and
prospective customers to develop ultracapacitor-based solutions for high-volume, high-value applications. We are constantly improving technical performance such
as higher temperature capability, higher voltage levels and higher power density as well as increased reliability and ruggedness of our products for an extended
application lifetime. We are focused on developing and acquiring system level know-how and application expertise to enable entire system solutions and support
rapid product implementations in novel and emerging markets and applications. In order to develop new, innovative solutions and accelerate time-to-market for
these solutions, we are establishing technical and commercial relationships with value added partners within our target market segments and applications, including
value added distributors, solution level integrators and tier one suppliers.
4