Our acquisition integration and restructuring activities could result in management distractions, operational disruptions and other difﬁculties.
As disclosed on February 28, 2017, we have initiated a planned acquisition along with concurrent restructuring activities in an effort to improve operational
efﬁciency, and such efforts are expected to continue in the future. These actions are intended to better align our cost structure with near-term revenue, and also to
improve engineering and operational efficiencies throughout the organization. Additional reductions-in-force and senior level employee replacements may be
required as we continue to realign our business organization, operations and product lines. Upon the close of the anticipated transaction, our efforts to integrate
manufacturing and other operations with the acquired business may not be successful. For example, we may encounter issues with the transition of products
delivered to our customers from the higher cost solutions, either from our current facilities or the facility of the acquired business, as the case may be, to the
integrated cost efficient solutions. Such difficulties, even if managed correctly, could result in delays in the actual integration of our manufacturing operations and
therefore a delay in realizing anticipated reductions in expenses. Any restructuring efforts could also disrupt our ability to supply products to customers, detriment
relationships with customers and other business partners, divert the attention of management away from other priorities, harm our reputation, expose us to
increased risk of legal claims by terminated employees, increase our expenses, increase the workload placed upon remaining employees and cause employees to
lose conﬁdence in our future performance and decide to leave. In addition, if we continue to reduce our workforce, it may adversely impact our ability to respond
rapidly to new growth Opportunities or to remain competitive. Further, employees whose positions were or will be eliminated in connection with these restructuring
activities or who otherwise determine to leave may seek employment with our competitors, customers or suppliers. Although each of our employees is required to
sign a conﬁdentiality agreement with us at the time of employment, which agreement contains covenants prohibiting, among other things, the disclosure or use of
our conﬁdential information and the solicitation of our employees, we cannot guarantee that the conﬁdential nature of our proprietary information will be
maintained in the course of such future employment, or that our key continuing employees will not be solicited to terminate their employment with us. We cannot
guarantee that any restructuring activities undertaken in the future will be successful, or that we will be able to realize the anticipated cost savings and other
anticipated beneﬁts from our restructuring plans.
We may not be able to obtain sufficient capital to meet our operating or other needs, which could require us to change our business strategy and result in
decreased proﬁtability and a loss of customers.
We believe that in the future we may need a substantial amount of additional capital for a number of potential purposes in furtherance of our strategic
missions and growth objectives. For example, to meet potential growth in demand for our products, particularly for our ultracapacitor products, we will need
significant resources for customized production equipment. Further, additional capital may be required to execute on our strategies related to continued expansion
into commercial markets, development of new products and technologies, and acquisitions of new or complementary businesses, product lines or technologies.
Cash generated by our operations may not be sufficient to cover these investments.
While we currently have access to a credit facility from East West Bank, we must still comply with certain conditions, including, notably, certain financial
covenants, in order to have access to such funds. If adequate funds are not available when needed, we may be required to change or delay our planned growth,
which could result in decreased revenue and proﬁts and loss of customers. Also, if we are to raise additional funds by issuing equity, the issuance of additional
shares will result in dilution to our current stockholders. If additional ﬁnancing is accomplished by the issuance of debt, the service cost, or interest, will reduce net
income or increase net loss, and we may also be required to issue warrants to purchase shares of common stock in connection with issuing such debt.
Downward pressures on product pricing or changes to our product mix could adversely impact our ﬁnancial condition and operating results, and such
pressures or changes could even result in loss of revenue in exchange for avoidance of gross margin pressures.
We strive to manage gross margin for the products we sell. There can be no assurance that targeted gross margin percentage levels will be achieved. In
general, gross margins will remain under downward pressure due to increased competition as well as a potential shift in our sales mix to lower margin business. For
example, if we increase sales of our products into markets which traditionally have lower margin rates than our current business, such as the automotive market, we
may be forced to reduce our margins to remain competitive. Further, we are beginning to experience significant downward pricing pressure in the Chinese hybrid
transit vehicle market, which has historically represented a signiﬁcant portion of our sales, as a result of changes in the government subsidy program and other
market factors. If our cost reduction efforts do not keep pace with these price pressures, or if we continue to pursue certain vertical markets and reduce our margins
to maintain or increase sales, then we could experience degradation in our overall proﬁt margins. In addition, gross margins could be negatively impacted by an
increase in raw materials, components and labor costs, or by changes to our product mix.
16