Goodwill Impairment
Nature of Estimates Required . We review goodwill annually at the reporting unit level at the same time every year or when an event occurs or circumstances
change such that it is reasonably possible that an impairment may exist. We have established December 31 as the annual impairment test date. We first make a
qualitative assessment as to whether goodwill is impaired and if it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired, we perform a two-step quantitative impairment
analysis to determine if goodwill is impaired. We may also determine to skip the qualitative assessment in any year and move directly to the quantitative test. For
the quantitative test, we determine the fair value of the reporting unit, then compare the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. If carrying value
exceeds fair value for the reporting unit, then we calculate and compare the implied fair value of goodwill to the carrying amount of goodwill and record an
impairment charge for any excess of carrying value over implied fair value.
Assumptions and Approach Used . The determination of fair value requires a number of significant assumptions and judgments, including assumptions about
future economic conditions, revenue growth, operating margins, and discount rates.
In 2016, we performed a qualitative analysis on our high voltage reporting unit and concluded that it was more likely than not that its fair value exceeded its
carrying value and therefore did not perform quantitative testing for this reporting unit. For our ultracapacitor reporting unit, which was associated with $2.3
million of goodwill, we skipped the qualitative analysis and performed the first step of the quantitative analysis.
For the quantitative step one goodwill impairment analysis of our ultracapacitor reporting unit, we utilized a discounted cash flow model to calculate the fair
value of the reporting unit which required us to make significant assumptions and estimates about the extent and timing of future cash ﬂows, discount rates and
growth rates. The basis of the goodwill impairment analysis is our annual budget and long-range cash ﬂow projections. Because cash ﬂows are estimated over a
significant future period of time, the estimates and assumptions are subject to a high degree of uncertainty. Our revenue growth assumptions are internally
developed based on detailed market and opportunity analysis and include the successful execution of our long-term growth strategies such as the localization of
ultracapacitor modules for the China bus market. We believe the assumptions and estimates used in the analysis to estimate fair value are reasonable. The use of
different estimates or assumptions within a discounted cash ﬂow model, or the use of a methodology other than a discounted cash ﬂow model, could result in a
significantly different fair value for the reporting unit. The impairment testing we conducted in 2016 indicated that the fair value of the ultracapacitor reporting unit
was in excess of its carrying value, as such, we concluded that the goodwill assigned to the ultracapacitor reporting unit was not impaired and no further
quantitative testing was performed. No impairments of goodwill were reported during the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 .
Stock-Based Compensation
Nature of Estimates Required . Our stock-based compensation awards include stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and shares issued under
our employee stock purchase plan (“ESPP”). We record compensation expense for our stock-based compensation awards in accordance with the criteria set forth in
the Stock Compensation Subtopic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”). Under the guidance, the
fair value of each employee stock option is estimated on the date of grant using an option pricing model that meets certain requirements. We use the Black-Scholes
option pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock option grants. The determination of the fair value of stock options utilizing the Black-Scholes model is
affected by our stock price and a number of assumptions, including expected volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends.
The fair value of restricted stock awards (“RSAS”) and restricted stock unit awards (“RSUS”) is based on the closing market price of our common stock on
the date of grant. Compensation expense equal to the fair value of each RSA or RSU is recognized ratably over the requisite service period. For RSUs with vesting
contingent on the achievement of Company performance conditions, we use the requisite service period that is most likely to occur. The requisite service period is
estimated based on the performance period as well as any time-based employee service requirements. If it is unlikely that a performance condition will be achieved,
no compensation expense is recognized unless it is later determined that achievement of the performance condition is likely. Expense may be adjusted for changes
in the expected outcomes of the related performance conditions, with the impact of such changes recognized as a cumulative adjustment in the consolidated
statement of operations in the period in which the expectation changes.
In 2016 and 2014, we issued market-condition RSUs to certain members of executive management. Since the vesting of the market-condition RSUs is
dependent on stock price performance, the fair value of these awards was estimated using a Monte-Carlo valuation model. The determination of the fair value of
market-condition RSUs utilizing a Monte-Carlo valuation model was affected by our stock price and a number of assumptions, including expected volatility,
expected life, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends.
42