Table,of,C,ontents
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The following discussion of our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 should be read in
conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. In addition, the discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including estimates based on our
judgment. These estimates include, but are not limited to, assessing the collectability of accounts receivable, applied and unapplied production costs, production
capacities, the usage and recoverability of inventories and long-lived assets, deferred income taxes, pension assets and liabilities, the incurrence of warranty
obligations, impairment of goodwill, estimation of the cost to complete certain projects, future revenue and other operating results, cash balances and access to
liquidity, accruals for estimated losses from legal matters and estimation of the value of stock-based compensation awards, including the probability that the
performance criteria of equity awards will be met. For further discussion regarding forward looking statements, see the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
entitled Special Note Regarding F orward-Looking Statements .
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) is designed to provide a reader of our financial
statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may
affect our future results. Our MD&A is presented in the following sections:
0 Executive Overview
0 Recent Highlights
- Results of Operations
0 Liquidity and Capital Resources
0 Contractual Obligations
- Critical Accounting Estimates
0 Impact of Inﬂation
0 Recent Accounting Pronouncements
° Off Balance Sheet Arrangements
Executive Overview
Maxwell is a global leader in developing, manufacturing and marketing energy storage and power delivery products for tranSportation, industrial, information
technology and other applications. Our products are designed and manufactured to perform reliably with minimal maintenance for the life of the applications into
which they are integrated. We believe that this “life-of-the-application” reliability gives our products a competitive advantage and enables them to command higher
profit margins than commodity products. We have two product lines: ultracapacitors with applications in multiple industries, including transportation and
renewable energy and high-voltage capacitors applied mainly in electrical utility infrastructure. In April 2016, we sold substantially all assets and liabilities of a
third product line, radiation-hardened microelectronic products for space and satellite applications.
Our primary objective is to grow revenue and profit margins by creating and satisfying demand for ultracapacitor-based energy storage and power delivery
solutions. We are focusing on establishing and expanding market opportunities for ultracapacitors and being the preferred supplier for ultracapacitor products
worldwide. We believe that the tranSportation industry represents the largest market opportunity for ultracapacitors, primarily for applications related to electrical
system augmentation, braking energy recuperation and hybrid electric drive systems for transit vehicles, as well as engine starting for trucks and electric rail
vehicles. In addition, we see increasing demand for ultracapacitors for use in grid related applications such as backup power and power quality applications,
including instantly available power for uninterruptible power supply systems, and stabilizing the output of renewable energy generation systems may also represent
significant market opportunities.
In addition to expanding and growing our Opportunities for ultracapacitor-based energy storage and power delivery solutions, we are also focused on
demonstrating the ability of our core technology to satisfy the increasing performance demands for other energy storage products, such as lithium ion battery cells.
To that end, in 2016, we entered into a “proof of concept” joint development agreement and are sharing the short-term costs of developing this technology with an
automotive manufacturer and a tier 1 automotive supplier.
3O