Assumptions and Approach Used . We disclose information concerning contingent liabilities with respect to these claims and proceedings for which an
unfavorable outcome is more than remote. We recognize liabilities for these claims and proceedings as appropriate based upon the probability of loss and our
ability to estimate losses and to fairly present, in conjunction with the disclosures of these matters in our consolidated ﬁnancial statements, management’s view of
our exposure. We review outstanding claims and proceedings with external counsel as appropriate to assess probability and estimates of loss. We will recognize a
liability related to claims and proceedings at such time as an unfavorable outcome becomes probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. When the
reasonable estimate is a range, the recognized liability will be the best estimate within the range. If no amount in the range is a better estimate than any other
amount, the minimum amount of the range will be recognized.
We re-evaluate these assessments each quarter or as new and signiﬁcant information becomes available to determine whether a liability should be recognized
or if any existing liability should be adjusted. The actual cost of ultimately resolving a claim or proceeding may be substantially different from the amount of the
recognized liability. In addition, because it is not permissible to recognize a liability until the loss is both probable and estimable, in some cases there may be
insufficient time to recognize a liability prior to the actual incurrence of the loss (upon verdict and judgment at trial, for example, or in the case of a quickly
negotiated settlement).
Impact of Inﬂation
We believe that inﬂation has not had a material impact on our results of operations for any of our ﬁscal years in the three-year period ended December 31,
2016 . However, there can be no assurance that future inﬂation would not have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“F ASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2014-09, Revenue ﬂom Contracts
with Customers . The standard provides companies with a single model for accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes current
revenue recognition guidance, including industry-speciﬁc revenue guidance. The core principle of the model is to recognize revenue when control of the goods or
services transfers to the customer, as opposed to recognizing revenue when the risks and rewards transfer to the customer under the existing revenue guidance. The
guidance permits companies to either apply the requirements retrospectively to all prior periods presented, or apply the requirements in the year of adoption,
through a cumulative adjustment. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14, Deferral of the Effective Date , which defers the required adoption date of ASU
2014-09 by one year. As a result of the deferred effective date, ASU 2014-09 will be effective for us in our ﬁrst quarter of ﬁscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted
but not before the original effective date of the new standard of the ﬁrst quarter of fiscal 2017. The following ASUs were subsequently issued by the FASB to
clarify the implementation guidance in some areas and add practical expedients: In March 2016, ASU 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers:
Principal versus Agent Considerations; in April 2016, ASU 2016-10, Revenue ﬂom Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and
Licensing; in May 2016, ASU 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Narrow Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients; and in December 2016,
ASU 2016-20, Technical Corrections and Improvements to Revenue ﬂom Contracts with Customers . We have begun the process of evaluating our standard
product sales arrangements and we have not yet identiﬁed any expected material impact on the timing and measurement of revenue for these arrangements from the
adoption of this standard; however, we have not yet formalized our ﬁnal conclusions from this review process. We are still evaluating the impact of adoption on
non-product sale arrangements, which represent less than ﬁve percent of revenue. We have also developed a comprehensive project plan to guide implementation
of the new standard. We have not yet determined our method of adoption for the new accounting standard.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases . The standard requires that a lessee recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from
operating leases. A lessee should recognize in its balance sheet a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right
to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of
underlying asset not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. In transition, lessees and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of
the earliest period presented using a modiﬁed retrospective approach. The guidance in ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2018. Our initial evaluation of our current leases does not indicate that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our
consolidated statements of operations. We expect that the adoption of the standard will have a material impact on our consolidated balance sheets for the
recognition of certain operating leases as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.
44