Income Taxes
Deferred income taxes are provided on a liability method in accordance with the Income Taxes Topic of the FASB ASC, whereby deferred tax assets are
recognized for deductible temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Under this method, deferred income
taxes are recorded to reﬂect the tax consequences on future years of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts
at each period end. If it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recognized. The
guidance also provides criteria for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosures of uncertain tax positions. A tax benefit from an uncertain tax
position may be recognized if it is “more likely than not” that the position is sustainable based solely on its technical merits.
Concentration of Credit Risk
The Company maintains cash balances at various ﬁnancial institutions primarily in California and in Switzerland. In California, cash balances commonly
exceed the $250,000 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limit. In Switzerland, the banks where the Company has cash deposits are either
government-owned, or in the case of cash deposited with non-government banks, deposits are insured up to 100,000 Swiss Francs. The Company has not
experienced any losses in such accounts and management believes that the Company is not exposed to any significant credit risk with respect to such cash and cash
equivalents.
Financial instruments, which subject the Company to potential concentrations of credit risk, consist principally of the Company’s accounts receivable. The
Company’s accounts receivable result from product sales to customers in various industries and in various geographical areas, both domestic and foreign. The
Company performs credit evaluations of its customers and generally requires no collateral. No customers accounted for 10% or more of total revenue during the
year ended December 31, 2016 or 10% or more of total accounts receivable at December 31, 2016. One customer, Shenzhen Xinlikang Supply China Management
Co. LTD., accounted for 19% and 20% of total revenue in 2015 and 2014 , respectively, and accounted for 33% of total accounts receivable as of December 31,
and 2015 .
Research and Development Expense
Research and development expenditures are expensed in the period incurred. Third-party funding of research and development expense under cost-sharing
arrangements is recorded as an offset to research and development expense in the period the expenses are incurred. Research and development expense was $20.9
million , $24.7 million and $26.3 million , net of third-party funding under cost-sharing arrangements of $1.2 million , $1.3 million and $1.0 million , for the years
ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively.
During 2016, the Company entered into a joint development agreement under which it will receive cash consideration of up to $2.8 million to fund the short-
term costs of developing technologies for the automotive market. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company received $2.0 million of cash related to
the joint development agreement and recognized $0.6 million as an offset to research and development expense, which is included in total third party funding of
$1.2 million . The remaining $1.4 million is recorded in “deferred revenue and customer deposits” in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets and is expected to
be recognized in 2017 based on performance under the agreement. The potential additional funding of $0.8 million under the agreement is contingent on the
achievement of a milestone, for which the probability of achievement is uncertain as of December 31, 2016.
Shipping and Handling Expense
The Company recognizes shipping and handling expenses as a component of cost of revenue.
Advertising Expense
Advertising costs are expensed in the period incurred. Advertising expense was $0.7 million , $1.1 million and $1.4 million for the years ended December 31,
2016 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively.
57