Fair Value of Assets
Level 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets.
Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar
assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.
Level 3 : Unobservable inputs that reﬂect the reporting entity’s own assumptions.
For those financial instruments with significant Level 3 inputs, the following table summarizes the activity for the year by investment type:
Real estate
Description investments
’Balance as of December 31, 2015 $ 16,917 1
Total unrealized gains included in net gain (1) 575
’Foreign currency translation adjustments (458) ‘
Balance as of December 31, 2016 $ 17,034
(1) Total unrealized gains are reported as a component of the pension adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive income in the consolidated statement
of stockholders” equity.
U.S. Plan
The Company has a postretirement benefit plan covering its employees in the United States. Substantially all US. employees are eligible to elect coverage
under a contributory employee savings plan which provides for Company matching contributions based on one-half of employee contributions up to certain plan
limits. The Company’s matching contributions under this plan totaled $0.5 million , $0.6 million and $0.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015
and 2014 , respectively.
Note 14—Legal Proceedings
Although the Company expects to incur legal fees in connection with the below legal proceedings, the Company is unable to estimate the amount of such
legal fees and therefore, such fees will be expensed in the period the legal services are performed.
F CPA Matter
In January 2011, the Company reached settlements with the US. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and the US. Department of Justice (“DOJ”)
with respect to charges asserted by the SEC and DOJ relating to the anti-bribery, books and records, internal controls, and disclosure provisions of the US. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act (“F CPA”) and other securities laws violations. The Company paid the monetary penalties under these settlements in installments such that all
monetary penalties were paid in full by January 2013. With respect to the DOJ charges, a judgment of dismissal was issued in the US. District Court for the
Southern District of California on March 28, 2014.
On October 15, 2013, the Company received an informal notice from the DOJ that an indictment against the former Senior Vice President and General
Manager of its Swiss subsidiary had been filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California. The indictment is against the individual, a
former officer, and not against the Company and the Company does not foresee that further penalties or ﬁnes could be assessed against it as a corporate entity for
this matter. However, the Company may be required throughout the term of the action to advance the legal fees and costs incurred by the individual defendant and
to incur other financial obligations. While the Company maintains directors’ and officers’ insurance policies which are intended to cover legal expenses related to
its indemnification obligations in situations such as these, the Company cannot determine if and to what extent the insurance policy will cover the ongoing legal
fees for this matter. Accordingly, the legal fees that may be incurred by the Company in defending this former officer could have a material impact on its financial
condition and results of operation.
77