Unfavorable results of legal proceedings could materially adversely aﬂect as.
We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims that have arisen out of the ordinary conduct of our business and are not yet resolved, and additional
claims may arise in the future. Results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of merit, litigation may be both time-consuming and
disruptive to our operations and could cause signiﬁcant expense and diversion of management attention. From time to time, we are involved in major lawsuits
concerning intellectual property, torts, contracts, shareholder litigation, administrative and regulatory proceedings and other matters, as well as governmental
inquiries and investigations, the outcomes of which may be signiﬁcant to our results of operations and may limit our ability to engage in our business activities. In
recognition of these considerations, we may enter into material settlements to avoid ongoing costs and efforts in defending or pursuing a matter. Should we fail to
prevail in certain matters, or should several of these matters be resolved against us in the same reporting period, we may be faced with signiﬁcant monetary
damages or injunctive relief against us that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. While we have insurance related to our
business operations, it may not apply to or fully cover any liabilities we incur as a result of these lawsuits. We record reserves for potential liabilities where we
believe the liability to be probable and reasonably estimable. However, our actual costs may be materially different from these estimates.
For example, as articulated in Item 3 - Legal Proceedings, we have several pending legal matters in the form of both government and regulatory
investigations. Notably, we received subpoenas from the SEC in June 2015 and again in June 2016 relating to an investigation into the underlying causes
prompting the restatement of our 2011 and 2012 financial statements in 2013. The subpoenas requested a range of documents, including documents relating to our
revenue recognition practices and associated transactions and business relationships. We are unable at this time to predict the outcome of the investigation. It is
possible that the investigation could lead to claims or findings of violations of securities laws. We expect to incur substantial legal and administrative costs in
connection with the investigation, and could incur other costs, damages or penalties, depending on the outcome. Additionally, we have certain indemnification
obligations to some current and former employees who may request the advancement of legal fees related to this investigation. Further, the Swiss federal
prosecutor is investigating the Company for actions, which we believe are related to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“F CPA”) investigation previously
settled with the SEC and Department of Justice (“DOJ”), and we are currently unable to determine the extent to which we may be subject to ﬁnes in accordance
with Swiss bribery laws and what additional expenses will be incurred in order to defend this matter. We are unable at this time to estimate the amount of the
possible loss or range of loss that we may incur as a result of these investigations. Further, these lawsuits, including, notably the investigation by the SEC, could be
both time-consuming and disruptive to our business and our reputation could be harmed as a result of the allegations asserted in public statements and court
documents throughout the course of the action. Consequently, our ﬁnancial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected.
Activist stockholders may attempt to effect changes to our company, which could adversely aﬂect our corporate governance, results of operations and
ﬁnancial condition.
Campaigns by stockholders to effect changes at publicly traded companies are sometimes led by investors through various corporate actions, including Board
nominations and proxy contests. We may become subject to one or more campaigns by stockholders who desire to increase stockholder value in the short term. If
we become engaged in a proxy contest with an activist stockholder in the future, our business and operations could be adversely affected as responding to such
contests or other activist stockholder actions would be costly and time-consuming, and we would expect that such actions would disrupt our operations and divert
the attention of management and our employees from executing our strategic plans and product launch. In addition, if individuals are elected to our Board with a
specific agenda or without relevant experience or expertise, it may adversely affect the ability of the Board to function effectively, as well as our ability to
effectively and timely implement our strategic plans, which are focused on building shareholder value. Any perceived uncertainties as to our future direction as a
result of stockholder activism or changes to the composition of our Board may lead to the perception of a change in the direction of our business and instability or
lack of continuity with respect to our products which may cause concerns for our customers or be exploited by our competitors. As a result, we could experience
significant volatility and a decline of our stock price, the loss of potential business opportunities and difficulties in attracting and retaining qualified personnel and
customers. For example, we entered into a settlement agreement with an activist stockholder pursuant to which, among other things, we agreed to include certain
proxy proposals on the ballot for our 2016 annual meeting of stockholders. There can be no assurance that we will not be subject to additional campaigns by the
same or other stockholders now or in the future.
17