0 minimal to no maintenance requirements;
0 “life of the application” durability; and
- minimal environmental issues associated with disposal because they contain no heavy metals.
With no moving parts and negligible chemical reactions involved in their energy storage mechanism, ultracapacitors provide a simple and highly reliable
solution to buffer short-term mismatches between power available and power required. Additionally, ultracapacitors offer the advantage of storing energy in the
same form in which it is used, as electricity.
Emerging applications, including electric power in vehicles, stabilization of renewable power including solar and wind, and highly reliable, maintenance-
free, backup power for telecommunications, information technology and industrial installations, are creating significant opportunities for more efficient and reliable
energy storage and power delivery products. In many applications, power demand varies widely from moment to moment, and peak power demand typically is
much greater than the average power requirement. For example, automobiles require 10 times more power to accelerate than to maintain a constant speed, and
forklifts require more power to lift a heavy pallet of material than to move from place to place within a warehouse.
Engineers historically have addressed transient peak power requirements by over-sizing the engine, battery or other primary energy source to satisfy all of a
system’s power demands, including demands that occur infrequently and may last only fractions of a second. Sizing a primary power source to meet brief peak
power requirements, rather than for average power requirements, is costly and inefficient. When a primary energy source is coupled with ultracapacitors, which can
deliver or absorb brief bursts of high power on demand for periods of time ranging from fractions of a second to several minutes, the primary energy source can be
smaller, lighter and less expensive.
The following diagram depicts the separation of a primary energy storage source from a peak power delivery component to satisfy the requirements of a
particular application. Components that enable this separation allow designers to optimize the size, efficiency and cost of the entire electrical power system.
Peak Power Application Model
5 L mum 'DEMUEEW." Fe: 7
z l irnlmmc |
.
1
-~:. ks; ’ "
IEIEEIEEE! ‘ | E2
i
~ _ _ _;_
ICEMFE HE, LLJI‘ L - ' h _
4‘"- ACEEMHLDEQSEmilmwmﬂimﬁfml
l'gl HLEQUEBEli’liﬂ-ﬂﬁ '
Although batteries remain the most widely used component for both energy storage and peak power delivery, ﬂywheels, ultracapacitors and more advanced
batteries now enable system designers to separate and optimize these functions. Based in part on our ultracapacitor products’ declining cost, high performance and
“life-of-the-application” durability, they are becoming a preferred solution for many energy storage and power delivery applications.
6