Conversely, diversifying our supplier base to ensure that we have multiple suppliers for each key raw material typically involves additional costs including,
but not limited to: higher prices for the raw materials as a direct consequence of purchasing lower volumes from each supplier; additional costs associated with
qualifying additional suppliers; and increased resource expense in managing an additional supplier for factors including quality, timely delivery and other
standards. If we fail to balance the interests between the reliance upon a single supplier and expense associated with diversifying the supply chain base, then our
actual gross proﬁt could fail to meet our targets.
Our products and services may experience quality or implementation problems from time to time that could result in decreased sales and operating
margin, and could tarnish our reputation.
In the case of our ultracapacitor products, we sell relatively new technology, including advancements to our current technology, which could contain defects
in design or manufacture, or could be implemented incorrectly in the end use application. As a direct consequence of the introduction of new features for our
technology as well as new implementations by our customer base, we are still learning about the potential quality issues that could arise during operation in certain
applications. Consequently, we are not always capable of anticipating the quality or implementation problems which the products may experience in the field.
Products sold into high performance environments such as heavy tranSportation, automotive markets or grid infrastructure installations could experience additional
Operating characteristics that could unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of our products. For example, if the end use application is in an environment
which subjects the products to levels of vibration above our internal design and qualification levels, then the products could fail to achieve the customer’s
performance requirements. With this sometimes limited understanding of the application and operation of our products in varying end user implementations, our
customers may perceive our products as exhibiting quality problems, which could harm our reputation. We strive to respond quickly in addressing the concerns of
our customers by modifying our products and assisting our customers in designing new implementation or installation strategies to achieve higher performance
characteristics or to satisfy new or modified applications of our products. As such, the release time of next generation products or application solutions can be
relatively quick and we may assume additional risks associated with expediting the release of new or modified products.
We are also building our infrastructure to adequately and efficiently handle any potential recall and the reverse logistics involved in returning our products to
our facilities in the event that any defects are found. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix all defects in the products we sell or will be
able to efficiently handle all issues related to product returns or implementation concerns. As we continue to pursue additional vertical markets, we are gaining a
better understanding of certain business practices of these markets with respect to potential product recalls. For example, certain portions of the transportation
industry are sensitive to product recall issues as they relate to both government regulations as well as customer satisfaction and safety. Failure to successfully
prevent a defect in our products which prompts a recall or a failure to successfully manage expenses associated with any recalls could cause lost revenue, harm to
our reputation, and significant warranty and other expenses, and result in an adverse impact on our ﬁnancial condition and operating results.
Efforts to protect our intellectual property rights and to defend claims against us could increase our costs and will not always succeed; any failures could
adversely aﬂect sales and proﬁtability and restrict our ability to do business.
Intellectual property (“IP”) rights are crucial to maintaining our competitive advantage and growing our business. We endeavor to obtain and protect our
intellectual property rights which we feel will allow us to retain or advance our competitive advantage in the marketplace. However, there can be no assurance that
we will be able to adequately identify and protect the portions of IP which are strategic to our business. Generally, when strategic IP rights are identiﬁed, we will
seek formal protection in jurisdictions in which our products are produced or used, jurisdictions in which competitors are producing or importing their products,
and jurisdictions into which our products are imported. Different nations may provide limited rights and inconsistent duration of protection for our products.
Additionally, we may be unable to obtain protection for or defend our IP in key jurisdictions. For example, the patent prosecution and enforcement system within
China is less mature than the systems in other jurisdictions and therefore we may be more limited in our ability to enforce our rights. This disadvantage would
likely be compounded by the challenge of any enforcement attempts by us as a foreign entity seeking protection against a Chinese company infringing on our IP in
China.
2 1