Note 16—Subsequent Events
Localization Agreement
On January 25, 2017, the Company entered into a Localization Agreement (the “Agreement”) with CRRC Qingdao Sifang Rolling Stock Research Institute
Co. Ltd. (“CRRC-SRI”) to localize manufacturing of its ultracapacitor-based modules for use in the China new energy bus market. Under the terms of the
Agreement, localized production of its ultracapacitor-based modules is expected to begin in China in the second half of 2017.
The Agreement provides that the Company will transfer certain assets and grant an exclusive license to certain intellectual property and know-how, subject to
appraisal of both the transferred assets and the grant of intellectual property rights and subject to certain regulatory approvals. Additionally, the Agreement requires
CRRC-SRI to pay an up-front technology transfer fee of $3.0 million , with two additional contingent payments of $ 1 .0 million that are payable if certain revenue
metrics are achieved. Also, the Agreement provides for ongoing graduated royalties based upon net sales and which decrease over time.
Additionally, the Agreement contemplates additional sales and marketing services and design and engineering services to be performed by the Company over
a period of two years. In exchange for these services and based in part upon achievement of milestones to be identified by the parties, the Agreement provides that
the Localization Partner will pay the Company certain milestone payments.
Acquisition of Nesscap Energy, Inc.
On February 28, 2017, the Company entered into an Arrangement Agreement (the “Arrangement Agreement”) providing for the acquisition (the
“Acquisition”) of substantially all of the assets and business of Nesscap Energy, Inc. (“Nesscap”), a developer and manufacturer of ultracapacitor products for use
in transportation, renewable energy, industrial and consumer markets, for an aggregate purchase price of $23.2 million (the “Purchase Price”). The Company will
pay the purchase price in full by issuing 4.6 million shares of its common stock, subject to adjustment as provided in the Arrangement Agreement (the “Share
Consideration”). The Arrangement Agreement provides that Share Consideration may be subject to an adjustment upon the closing of the Acquisition based on the
average closing price of the Company’s common stock for the ten ( 10 ) prevailing trading days on The Nasdaq Stock Market ending (and including) two (2 ) days
prior to the closing in order to account for an increase or decrease to such per share price compared to the trading price used to calculate the Share Consideration at
signing; provided, however, in any event, that any such increase or reduction in the Share Consideration is limited to a maximum adjustment of ten percent ( 10% ).
The Share Consideration represents approximately 14.28% of the Company’s outstanding shares, based on the number of shares of the Company’s outstanding
common stock as of February 27, 2017 and assuming no adjustments. The Company expects the acquisition to be completed in the second quarter of 2017.
Consummation of the Acquisition also requires approval by a certain magnitude of Nesscap’s shareholders, the approval of the Canadian court, and is subject
to various closing conditions, including that a material adverse effect will not have occurred to the Company or Nesscap. The Arrangement Agreement provides
that Nesscap is subject to non-solicitation provisions and provides that the Nesscap Board may, under certain circumstances, terminate the Arrangement Agreement
in favor of an unsolicited superior proposal, subject to the payment of a termination fee of USD $1 million to the Company, and subject to the Company’s right to
match the superior proposal in question.
201 7 Restructuring Plan
On February 28, 2017, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a comprehensive restructuring plan for the Company’s businesses that includes a
wide range of organizational efficiency initiatives and other cost reduction opportunities. The Company estimates that it will incur total aggregate charges of
approximately $0.8 million to $1.0 million from this restructuring, primarily based upon estimated severance and related costs. The Company expects that most of
these charges will be cash expenditures and expects to recognize most of the charges related to this restructuring in the first quarter of ﬁscal 2017.
80