Item 2. Properties
Our primary operations are located in San Diego, California; Peoria, Arizona; and Rossens, Switzerland. We occupy a 36,400 square foot facility in San
Diego, California for our principal research and development operations under a lease that expires in December 2018. We also occupy a 30,500 square foot
corporate office located in San Diego, California under a lease that expires in December 2022 and we have one five-year renewal option thereafter. Our Peoria,
Arizona manufacturing facility occupies 123,000 square feet under a lease that expires in June 2027 and we have one five-year renewal option thereafter. We also
lease a research, manufacturing and marketing facility in Rossens, Switzerland occupying 60,800 square feet under a lease that expires in December 2019 and we
have two ﬁve-year renewal options thereafter.
We have a 6,000 square foot sales office in Shanghai, China under a lease expiring in September 2019, and we have a two-year renewal option thereafter. We
also have small sales offices in Munich, Germany and Seoul, South Korea.
We believe that we have sufficient space to support forecasted production volume and that our facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the foreseeable
future. However, in 2017, we plan to expand capacity at our high-voltage capacitor facility in Rossens, Switzerland in order to improve production efficiency and
support potential growth Opportunities. For additional information regarding our expected capital expenditures in fiscal 2017 , see Item 7, Management ’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Liquidity and Capital Resources .
Over the past several years, we have made substantial capital investments to outﬁt and expand our internal production facilities and incorporate
mechanization and automation techniques and processes. Additionally, we have trained our manufacturing personnel in the necessary operational techniques. We
have completed certain upgrades and expansions in recent years and, even in the context of manufacturing consolidation efforts, we have capacity ﬂexibility and
are able to accommodate other upgrades. Including consideration of our contract manufacturing relationships with Belton Technology Group and Tianjin Lishen
Battery J oint-Stock Co. Ltd. in China, we believe that we have sufficient capacity to meet near-term demand for all of our product lines. In 2017, we plan to expand
capacity at our high-voltage capacitor facility in Rossens, Switzerland in order to better meet potential longer-term demand.
25