Our reputation could be damaged as a result of negative publicity due to the restatement of prior periods financial statements contained within our
Annual Report on Form 1 0-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, and the underlying business causes of such restatement.
We depend upon our reputation to compete for customers, suppliers, investors, strategic partners and personnel. Unfavorable publicity can damage our
reputation and negatively impact our economic performance. Our restatement of our prior periods financial statements contained within our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the ﬁscal year ended December 31, 2012, and the underlying business causes of such restatement, could damage our reputation. For example, in
June 2015 and June 2016, we received subpoenas from the SEC requesting certain documents related to, among other things, the facts and circumstances
surrounding the restated financial statements. We have provided the required information to the SEC in response to these subpoenas and continue to cooperate with
the SEC through the course of their ongoing investigation. At this stage, we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of this investigation and, consequently, there can
be no assurance that unfavorable publicity arising from the forgoing will not have a material adverse effect on our business.
Our ability to use our net operating losses is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income, and the absence of significant ownership changes
to our common stock.
As of December 31, 2016 , we had US. federal tax and state tax net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $186.8 million and $48.4 million ,
respectively. Realization of any beneﬁt from our tax net operating losses is dependent on both our ability to generate future taxable income before our net operating
loss carryforwards expire, as well as the absence of certain “ownership changes” to our common stock. An “ownership change,” as defined in the applicable federal
income tax rules, would place signiﬁcant limitations, on an annual basis, on the use of such net operating losses to offset any future taxable income we may
generate. The issuance of shares of our common stock, including the issuance of shares of common stock upon future conversion or exercise of outstanding stock
options, could cause such an “ownership change.” Such limitations triggered by an “ownership change,” in conjunction with the net operating loss expiration
provisions, could effectively eliminate our ability to use a substantial portion of our net operating loss carryforwards to offset any future taxable income.
Our stock price continues to be volatile.
Our stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility due to a number of factors, including but not limited to the various factors set forth in this
“Risk Factors” section, as well as variations between our actual and anticipated financial results, announcements by us or our competitors, and uncertainty about
future global economic conditions. The stock market as a whole also has experienced extreme price and volume ﬂuctuations that have affected the market price of
many technology companies in ways that may have been unrelated to these companies’ operating performance. Furthermore, we believe our stock price may reﬂect
certain future growth and profitability expectations. If we fail to meet these expectations, our stock price may significantly decline which could have an adverse
impact on investor conﬁdence and employee retention.
Anti-takeover provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could prevent certain transactions and could make a takeover more difﬁcult
Some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire control of us, even if such change in
control would be beneﬁcial to our stockholders. We have a classified board of directors, which means that our directors are divided into three classes that are
elected to three-year terms on a staggered basis. Since the three-year terms of each class overlap the terms of the other classes of directors, the entire board of
directors cannot be replaced in any one year. Furthermore, our certificate of incorporation contains a “fair price provision” which may require a potential acquirer
to obtain the consent of our board to any business combination involving us. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws also contain provisions barring
stockholder action by written consent unless first approved by a majority of the disinterested directors, and the calling by stockholders of a special meeting.
Amendment of such provisions requires a super majority vote by the stockholders, except with the consent of the board of directors and a majority of the
disinterested directors in certain circumstances. The provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could delay, deter or prevent a merger, tender offer,
or other business combination or change in control involving us that stockholders might consider to be in their best interests. This includes offers or attempted
takeovers that could result in our stockholders receiving a premium over the market price for their shares of our common stock.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
24