Item 3. Legal Proceedings
F CPA Matter
In January 2011, the Company reached settlements with the US. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and the US. Department of Justice (“DOJ”)
with respect to charges asserted by the SEC and DOJ relating to the anti-bribery, books and records, internal controls, and disclosure provisions of the US. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act (“F CPA”) and other securities laws violations. The Company paid the monetary penalties under these settlements in installments such that all
monetary penalties were paid in full by January 2013. With respect to the DOJ charges, a judgment of dismissal was issued in the US. District Court for the
Southern District of California on March 28, 2014.
On October 15, 2013, the Company received an informal notice from the DOJ that an indictment against the former Senior Vice President and General
Manager of its Swiss subsidiary had been ﬁled in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California. The indictment is against the individual, a
former officer, and not against the Company and the Company does not foresee that further penalties or ﬁnes could be assessed against it as a corporate entity for
this matter. However, the Company may be required throughout the term of the action to advance the legal fees and costs incurred by the individual defendant and
to incur other ﬁnancial obligations. While the Company maintains directors’ and officers’ insurance policies which are intended to cover legal expenses related to
its indemnification obligations in situations such as these, the Company cannot determine if and to what extent the insurance policy will cover the ongoing legal
fees for this matter. Accordingly, the legal fees that may be incurred by the Company in defending this former ofﬁcer could have a material impact on its ﬁnancial
condition and results of operation.
Swiss Bribery Matter
In August 2013, the Company’s Swiss subsidiary was served with a search warrant from the Swiss federal prosecutor’s ofﬁce. At the end of the search, the
Swiss federal prosecutor presented the Company with a listing of the materials gathered by the representatives and then removed the materials from its premises for
keeping at the prosecutor’s ofﬁce. Based upon the Company’s exposure to the case, the Company believes this action to be related to the same or similar facts and
circumstances as the F CPA action previously settled with the SEC and the DOJ. During initial discussions, the Swiss prosecutor has acknowledged both the
existence of the Company’s deferred prosecution agreement with the DOJ and its cooperation efforts thereunder, both of which should have a positive impact on
discussions going forward. Additionally, other than the activities previously reviewed in conjunction with the SEC and DOJ matters under the F CPA, the Company
has no reason to believe that additional facts or circumstances are under review by the Swiss authorities. To date, the Swiss prosecutor has not issued its formal
decision as to whether charges will be brought against individuals or the Company or whether the proceeding will be abandoned. At this stage in the investigation,
the Company is currently unable to determine the extent to which it will be subject to ﬁnes in accordance with Swiss bribery laws and what additional expenses
will be incurred in order to defend this matter. As such, the Company cannot determine whether there is a reasonable possibility that a loss will be incurred nor can
it estimate the range of any such potential loss. Accordingly, the Company has not accrued an amount for any potential loss associated with this action, but an
adverse result could have a material adverse impact on its financial condition and results of operation.
Government Investigations
In early 2013, the Company voluntarily provided information to the SEC and the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of California
related to its announcement that it intended to ﬁle restated financial statements for ﬁscal years 2011 and 2012. On June 11, 2015 and June 16, 2016, the Company
received subpoenas from the SEC requesting certain documents related to, among other things, the facts and circumstances surrounding the restated financial
statements. The Company has provided documents and information to the SEC in response to the subpoenas and continues to cooperate with the SEC. On
September 6, 2016, the Company entered into a tolling agreement effective for the period beginning on September 12, 2016, and running through June 30, 2017,
with the SEC related to these matters. At this stage, the Company cannot predict the ultimate outcome of this investigation or whether it will result in any loss.
Accordingly, the Company has not accrued an amount for any potential loss associated with this action, but an adverse result could have a material adverse impact
on its ﬁnancial condition and results of operation.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.
Not applicable.
26