Ultracapacitors
Our ultracapacitor products have two types of competitors: other ultracapacitor suppliers and purveyors of energy storage and power delivery solutions based
on batteries or other technologies. Although a number of companies are developing ultracapacitor products and technology, our principal competitors in the supply
of ultracapacitor or supercapacitor products are Panasonic, a division of Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd., NessCap Co., Ltd., LS Mtron, a unit of LS Cable,
Supreme Power Solutions Co., Ltd., Vina Technology Company, Ltd., Samxon, a unit of Man Yue Technology Holdings, Ltd., Skeleton Technologies, Yunasko,
Ltd., and onus, Inc. The key competitive factors in the ultracapacitor industry are price, performance (energy stored and power delivered per unit volume),
durability and reliability, operational lifetime and overall breadth of product offerings. We believe that our ultracapacitor products and electrode material compete
favorably with respect to all of these competitive factors. However, the hybrid transit vehicle market for ultracapacitors in China, a region which has historically
represented a significant portion of our sales, has recently become more competitive with respect to pricing which has caused us to lower our prices to remain
competitive. In addition, the recent increase in the number of competitors in the hybrid transit vehicle market in China along with government subsidy program
requirements regarding localization may drive down our market share.
Ultracapacitors also compete with products based on other technologies, including advanced batteries in power quality and peak power applications, as well
as with ﬂywheels, thermal storage and batteries in backup energy storage applications. We believe that the durability, long life, performance and value of
ultracapacitors gives them a competitive advantage over these alternative choices in many applications. In addition, integration of ultracapacitors with some of
these competing products may provide optimized solutions that neither product can provide by itself. For example, tier 1 auto parts supplier Continental AG
designed a combined solution incorporating ultracapacitors with a battery for engine starting in a start-stop-idle elimination system for “micro hybrid” autos which
was introduced in 2010 and installed in approximately two million cars by French automaker PSA Peugeot Citroen and was more recently introduced by General
Motors for several models under the Cadillac brand.
High- Voltage Capacitors
Maxwell’s CONDIS ® line of high-voltage capacitor products, is the world’s largest producer of high-voltage capacitors for use in electric utility
infrastructure. Our principal competitors in the high-voltage capacitor markets are in-house production groups of certain of our customers and other independent
manufacturers, such as the Coil Product Division of Trench Limited in Canada and Europe and Hochspannungsgerate Porz GmbH in Germany. We believe that we
compete favorably, both as a consistent supplier of highly reliable high-voltage capacitors, and in terms of our expertise in high-voltage systems design. Over the
last ten years, our largest customer has transitioned from producing its grading and coupling capacitors internally to outsourcing substantially all of its requirements
to us.
Research and Development
We maintain active research and development programs to improve existing products and to develop new products. For the year ended December 31, 2016 ,
our research and development expenditures totaled approximately $20.9 million , compared with $24.7 million and $26.3 million in the years ended December 31,
2015 and December 31, 2014 , respectively. In general, we focus our research and product development activities on:
0 designing and producing products that perform reliably for the life of the application or systems into which they are integrated;
° designing efﬁcient manufacturing with low scrap rates to achieve improved profit margins and to enable us to reduce prices to allow our products to
penetrate new and price-sensitive applications;
0 designing our products to have superior technical performance;
0 designing our products to be compact and light; and
0 designing new products that provide novel solutions to expand our market opportunities.
Most of our current research, development and engineering activities are focused on electrode fabrication and material science, including activated carbon,
electrolyte, electrically conductive materials, dielectric materials and ceramics to reduce cost and improve performance, reliability and ease of manufacturing.
Additional efforts are focused on product design and manufacturing processes for high-volume manufacturing.
In 2016, we also focused on lithium ion battery electrode development. The principal objective of our lithium ion battery electrode development activities is
to demonstrate the ability of our dry electrode fabrication process to manufacture high volume lithium ion electrode at lower cost and improved performance
relative to our competition.
9