b. CbangejnﬁontroL. If, at any time during the Term, with respect to a Party (" ,Eirstfam/ij);
i. a Third Party (“ Acquiring Third Party:”) effects a change in Control of the First Party; or
ii. the First Party acquires Control over a Third Party (“ AcquitedlblfthEaCU/J),
and the Acquiring Third Party or Acquired Third Party (as the case may be), in the other Party C‘ ,theLEattig”)'s good faith opinion:
iii. is a competitor of the Other Party; or
iv. will otherwise have an adverse business interest to the Other Party,
then the Other Party can terminate this Localization Agreement immediately with written notice to the First Party.
10.2.Effect of Termination for Material Breach, Change in Control or No Investment .
Upon termination of this Localization Agreement pursuant to Section 10.1 above:-
i. If Party B is the Terminating Party, then Party A will immediately pay Party B the entire amount for the Licensed Technology
and Know—How fee (which is USD $5,000,000) unpaid as at the date of such termination;
ii. If Party B is the terminating Party, then Party A hereby assigns to Party B, the Patents and will do all things necessary and
execute any and all documents necessary to give effect to such assignment such that the Patents are fully vested in Party B
and Party B is recorded as the registered owner at the relevant patent office;
iii. If Party A is the terminating party, then Party A will decide within 60 days of termination whether it will either:-
A. Retain the Equipment and /or the Patents; or
B. Transfer the Equipment and /or the Patents back to Party B. On such determination, Party A transfers title in the
Equipment and /or the Patents and shall promptly deliver the Equipment to Party B and/or do all things necessary
to assign the Patents to Party B. Following such return or assignment, Party B will pay Party A such sum as is
determined by an independent valuer appointed by agreement of Party A and Party B, such amount not to exceed
the third party valuation for the Equipment and the Patents on the respective Asset Transfer Date; and
iv. If Party B is the terminating Party then Party A hereby transfers to Party B, with immediate effect, title in the Equipment and
shall promptly deliver the Equipment to Party B and Party B shall pay Party A such sum as is determined by an independent
valuer. .
10.3.iqreed Termination . The Parties can mutually agree to terminate this Localization Agreement in writing on terms mutually agreed upon at the
time of termination.
10.4. Return of Destroyable Conﬁdential Information . Upon termination or expiration of this Localization Agreement, and upon the request of the
owning Party or the disclosing Party, the Party receiving any proprietary or Conﬁdential Information will return to the owning Party or
disclosing Party (or at such owning Party or disclosing Party’s instruction destroy), and cease any use of, all proprietary
Conﬁdenﬁal
Maxwell Agreement No.: 000004530
Localization Agreement — SRI-Maxwell 14