Party. The Generating Party hereby appoints the Owning Party as it attorney to execute any documents and/or to any or all acts
necessary (including the signature of documents on behalf of the Generating Party) to ensure such FIP vests fully in the name of the
Owning Party. For the avoidance of doubt and in accordance with Section 19.2 below, *** for any applicable taxes and other similar
payments that may be due, owing or payable on account of its assignment of FIP related to the Initial UCAP Modules under this Section
6.1.c.
d. Ereparation,,EtoseCUtio,n,andJYlaintenance,. Each Party retains the sole right to protect at its sole discretion and expense the BIP or FIP
solely—owned by it in accordance with the terms of the Localization Agreement, including deciding whether and how to ﬁle and prosecute
patent applications or other registrations of IP rights, whether to abandon prosecution of such applications or registrations, and whether
to discontinue payment of any maintenance fees with respect to patents or other registrations of IP. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Party B retains the right to continue to participate in the ongoing prosecution of Patents while they remain in the application stage,
including the right to review and approve all materials submissions and decisions in relation thereto.
e. Enforcement . Party A will promptly notify Party B in writing of any known or suspected actual or possible infringements,
misappropriations, or other violations of any Party B's BIP or Party B's FIP by a Third Party. Party B shall, in its sole discretion, decide
whether any enforcement claim or other action is taken in respect of any such infringement and will retain for itself any recovered
monetary damages, royalties, or other recovery.
f. Party A License of FIP . Party B hereby grants to Party A
i. *** license to use the FIP owned by Party B for the sole purpose of making and selling UCAP Modules in the rail portion of the
Field in the Territory *** ; and
ii. *** license to use the FIP owned by Party B for the sole purpose of making and selling UCAP Modules in the bus portion of the
Field in the Territory for *** .
g. EartyiBiLicensebfiEIE. Party A hereby grants to Party B:
i. *** license to use the FIP owned by Party A for the sole purpose of making and selling UCAP Modules.
7. GOVERNANCE
7.1. Steering Committee . The Parties agree to establish a Steering Committee comprising three (3) representatives from each of Party A and Party
B to periodically review the progress under this Localization Agreement. The Party appointing its members in the Steering Committee will have
the right to change or otherwise replace all or any of those members. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a change to any member of the Steering
Committee within four (4) years of the date of this Localization Agreement shall require the prior consent of the other Party, which cannot be
unreasonably withheld. Such Party will notify the other Party of the identity of its new Steering Committee member(s). The Steering Committee
will not have the ability to alter the terms of this Localization Agreement except through a formal modification as articulated in Section 28
below (Variations). A quorum for meetings of the Steering Committee requires the presence in person, by tele- or video-conference, or by
proxy of at least two (2) individuals nominated by each Party to the Steering Committee. Actions and decisions permitted to be made by the
Steering Committee require the approval of at least two (2) individuals nominated by each Party to the Steering Committee.
7.2. Steering Committee Duties . The Steering Committee shall be responsible for reviewing the progress of the activities under this Localization
Agreement and shall attempt to resolve such other issues as either Party wishes to present for review and consideration. Any issues which
cannot be resolved
Conﬁdenﬁal
Maxwell Agreement No.: 00000453.0
Localization Agreement — SRI-Maxwell 10