Table,of,C,ontents
Recent Highlights
We are continuing to focus on introducing new products, winning new customers, developing new product applications, adjusting production capacity,
reducing costs to align with near-term revenue forecasts, and improving production and other operational processes. Some of these efforts are described below:
0 In January 2016, we announced that our ultracapacitors had been selected by Beijing Huadian Tianren Electric Power Control Technology Co., Ltd, a
subsidiary of China Guodian Corporation, as the core component of a wind farm energy storage demonstration project. One of the ﬁve largest power
producers in the country, China Guodian Corporation’s system is the first megawatt-scale, ultracapacitor-based wind farm energy storage system in the
world.
0 In February 2016, we announced the newest addition to our K2 family with a 3-volt, 3,000-farad ultracapacitor cell. With 31 percent higher power than
our leading 2.7-volt, 3,000-farad cell in the industry-standard 60 mm cylindrical form factor, customers now have the ﬂexibility to either increase
available power and energy in the same volume or significantly cost-optimize their system designs with fewer cells or modules while maintaining the
same power and energy.
0 In March 2016, Duke Energy, the largest electric power holding company in the United States, announced the commissioning of a new hybrid-energy
storage system utilizing our ultracapacitors to manage solar smoothing events.
0 In April 2016, we announced that we entered into a deﬁnitive agreement to sell our microelectronics product line to Data Device Corporation, a
subsidiary of ILC Industries, Inc. The transaction was completed on April 27, 2016.
o In July 2016, we announced that our ultracapacitors are being used for regenerative braking energy storage in the Beijing subway system. As part of the
strategic partnership with China Railway Rolling Stock Corporation (“CRRC-SRI”) that we announced last year, we continue to collaborate to develop
next-generation capacitive energy storage solutions for the China rail market.
0 In July 2016, we entered into a 12-month joint development agreement with one of the world’s leading automotive OEMs to develop a “proof of
concept” that, if successful, could lead to the world’s first electric drivetrain based on our technology, targeting a 2021 automotive platform launch.
- In October 2016, we announced our 51-volt (“51V”) module, the newest addition to our ultracapacitor product offerings for rugged applications. The
51V module uses our leading 2.85V, 3,400-farad ultracapacitor cell to deliver the highest energy and power density available in the market today.
0 In November 2016, we announced the first commercial application of lithium-ion capacitors, developed in conjunction with CRRC-SRI, China’s largest
rail manufacturer. The technology will be used for rapid energy regeneration in the trolley system in the capital city of the Hunan province in China.
Following last year’s announcement of our strategic partnership with CRRC-SRI to collaborate on developing next-generation capacitive energy storage
solutions, this project is the first to leverage our new lithium-ion technology and validates its unique value proposition for rail applications.
0 In December 2016, we announced the Generator Starting Solutions (“GS S”) product line. As the newest addition to our ultracapacitor-based product
offerings, the GSS modules help start commercial and industrial standby and backup generators (“gensets”). We are the first company to offer dedicated
ultracapacitor-based products that provide strong successful genset starts within seconds of loss of power.
0 In January 2017, we announced a definitive agreement with CRRC-SRI to localize manufacturing of our ultracapacitor-based modules for use in the
China new energy bus market. Under the terms of the agreement, localized production of our ultracapacitor-based modules is expected to begin
in China in the second half of 20 17, coinciding with the peak buying season for China's new energy bus market. The production of bus modules extends
our strategic partnership with CRRC-SRI and will enable us to compete more effectively in the China bus market moving forward.
33