Inventories, net
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in first-out basis) or market. Finished goods and work-in-process inventory values include the cost of raw
materials, labor and manufacturing overhead. Inventory when written down to market value establishes a new cost basis and its value is not subsequently increased
based upon changes in underlying facts and circumstances. The Company also makes adjustments to reduce the carrying amount of inventories for estimated excess
or obsolete inventories. Factors inﬂuencing these adjustments include inventories on-hand compared with historical and estimated future sales for existing and new
products and assumptions about the likelihood of obsolescence. Unabsorbed manufacturing costs are treated as expense in the period incurred.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are carried at cost and are depreciated using the straight-line method. Depreciation is provided over the estimated useful lives of the
related assets ( three to ten years). Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of their estimated useful life or the term of the lease. Leasehold
improvements funded by landlords are recorded as property and equipment, which is depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the
lease term, and deferred rent, which is amortized over the lease term. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015 , the net book value of leasehold improvements funded by
landlords was $1.7 million and $2.2 million , respectively. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015 , the unamortized balance of deferred rent related to landlord
funding of leasehold improvements was $1.7 million and $2.2 million , respectively, which is included in “accounts payable and accrued liabilities” and “other
long-term liabilities” in the consolidated balance sheets.
Goodwill
Goodwill, which represents the excess of the cost of an acquired business over the net fair value assigned to its assets and liabilities, is not amortized. Instead,
goodwill is assessed annually at the reporting unit level for impairment under the Intangibles—Goodwill and Other Topic of the F ASB ASC. The Company has
established December 31 as the annual impairment test date. In addition, the Company assesses goodwill in between annual test dates if an event occurs or
circumstances change that could more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. The Company ﬁrst makes a qualitative
assessment as to whether goodwill is impaired. If it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired, the Company performs a two-step quantitative impairment
analysis to determine if goodwill is impaired. The Company may also determine to skip the qualitative assessment in any year and move directly to the quantitative
test.
During the year ended December 31, 2016 , the Company performed a quantitative step one goodwill impairment analysis for one reporting unit, which
required the Company to make significant assumptions and estimates about the extent and timing of future cash ﬂows, discount rates and growth rates. The step
one analysis indicated that the goodwill assigned to the reporting unit was not impaired and no further quantitative testing was performed. No impairments of
goodwill were reported during the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 . Also see Note 3, Goodwill, for further discussion of the Company’s goodwill
impairment analysis.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
Property and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of the assets may not be
recoverable. If the Company determines that the carrying value of the asset is not recoverable, a permanent impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which
the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. During the year ended December 31, 2016 , the Company recorded impairment charges of $1 .4
million related to property and equipment. In the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company recorded $1.2 million of impairment charges related to machinery which was
no longer forecasted to be utilized during its remaining useful life based on the current production forecast and for which the fair value approximated zero.
Additionally, during the third quarter of 20 16, $0.2 million of impairment charges were recorded related to the cancellation of a project. No impairments of
property and equipment were recorded during the years ended December 31 2015 and 2014 .
Warranty Obligation
The Company provides warranties on all product sales. The majority of the Company’s warranties are for one to eight years in the normal course of business.
The Company accrues for the estimated warranty costs at the time of sale based on historical warranty experience plus any known or expected changes in warranty
exposure. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015 , the accrued warranty liability included in “accounts payable and accrued liabilities” in the consolidated balance
sheets was $1.2 million and $1.3 million , respectively.
56