by the Steering Committee shall be escalated to the highest ranking business ofﬁcer of each Party, or their duly authorized nominees, for
resolution.
7.3. SteeringiCommitteeLMeeting;. The Steering Committee will meet periodically to execute its duties. During the early stages of each this
Localization Agreement, the Parties will meet twice per quarter at a minimum, but then will transition to fewer meetings, but preferably no less
than once every six (6) months.
8. ENCUMBRANCES
8.1. Each Party will use reasonable efforts to:
a. Notify the other Party within thirty (30) days of any obligation (commercial or otherwise) to any Third Party or other material
encumbrance known to it at any time on or after the commencement date of this Localization Agreement regarding its BIP or a Third
Party’s IP or other right that could reasonably be expected to materially affect the other Party’s IP as provided herein; and
b. In the case of an encumbrance of the type generally described in Section 8.1.a, provide to the other Party full details of any such
material encumbrance to the extent the disclosing Party can do so without disclosing privileged attorney—client communications or work
product and without violating confidentiality obligations owed to any Third Party.
9. COMMERCIALIZATION
9.1. ,ExclusiyeLSuppély; During the Initial Term of this Localization Agreement and any Extended Terms (the " ,ExclusivltlL/Eedad") and in accordance
with the grant of rights anticipated in Section 4 hereof, Party A shall not, and shall ensure that any of its Afﬁliates using the Licensed
Technology and Know-How shall not, in relation to the Field and the Rail Field and Territory, purchase UCAP Cells from, use UCAP Cells
supplied by, or use or sell products containing UCAP Cells produced by or sold by a party other than Party B. Such purchase of UCAP Cells by
Party A from Party B will be governed under a separate purchase agreement executed by the Parties under which Party A will be the importer
of record.
9.2. Exclusive Sales Territory:. During the Exclusivity Period, Party A is exclusively authorized to manufacture and sell UCAP Modules only in the
Territory in the Field. Party B will retain full rights to fully exploit all rights to UCAP Cells and UCAP Modules in any field throughout the world.
9.3. Qpansion of Sales TerritoryéThe Parties acknowledge that they may wish to jointly target in the Territory:
a. market segments outside of the Field; or
b. additional capacitive energy storage products both inside and outside of the Field,
and will discuss such opportunities in good faith.
In the event that the commercialization metrics of Section 4.2.b are not achieved by *** , then the Parties intend to negotiate an amendment
to this Agreement whereby Party B will expand the applicable licenses to *** upon similar commercial terms *** in the Territory.
Conﬁdenﬁal
Maxwell Agreement No.: 00000453.0
Localization Agreement — SRI-Maxwell 11