“ Ierrltorvémeans the People's Republic of China, excluding, except where the context otherwise requires and for purposes of this Localization
Agreement, Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan Region.
“ IbirdJBam/j means any Person other than Party A or Party B.
“ UCAP Cell ” means a standalone fully functional ultracapacitor (which is a device that is an electric double layer capacitor), including any
thermal, mechanical, and electrical interfaces, for use individually or in a UCAP Module.
“ UCAP Module ” means an assembly of more than one UCAP Cell, including associated packaging, electrical connections, electronic monitoring
and controls, sensors, and other parts as required to obtain higher energy (capacitance, voltage or both) as compared to a single UCAP Cell.
1.2. Section, Annex and paragraph headings shall not affect the interpretation of this Localization Agreement.
1.3. The Annexes form part of this Localization Agreement and shall have effect as if set out in full in the body of this Localization Agreement. Any
reference to this Localization Agreement includes the Schedules.
1.4. Unless the context otherwise requires, words in the singular shall include the plural and in the plural shall include the singular.
1.5. This Localization Agreement shall be binding on, and inure to the benefit of, the parties to this Localization Agreement and their respective
personal representatives, successors and permitted assigns, and references to any party shall include that party‘s personal representatives,
successors and permitted assigns.
1.6. A reference to a statute or statutory provision is a reference to it as amended, extended or re—enacted from time to time.
1.7. A reference to this Localization Agreement or to any other agreement or document referred to in this Localization Agreement is a reference of
this Localization Agreement or such other agreement or document as varied or novated (in each case, other than in breach of the provisions of
this Localization Agreement) from time to time.
1.8. References to Sections and Annexes are to the Sections and Annexes of this Localization Agreement
1.9. Any words following the terms including, include, in particular, for example or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall
not limit the sense of the words, description, definition, phrase or term preceding those terms.
2. TERM OF AGREEMENT
2.1. Unless terminated earlier in accordance with its terms, this Localization Agreement is effective as of the Effective Date and will remain in force
until the conclusion of a period of 10 years from the Production Date (" ,Inltianerm,") and shall automatically extend for 1 year (" Extended
Term ") at the end of the Initial Term and at the end of each Extended Term.
3. ASSET TRANSFER
3.1. E:qgipment.
Conﬁdenﬁal
Maxwell Agreement No.: 000004530
Localization Agreement — SRI-Maxwell 5