In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases . The standard requires that a lessee recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from
operating leases. A lessee should recognize in its balance sheet a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right
to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of
underlying asset not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. In transition, lessees and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of
the earliest period presented using a modiﬁed retrospective approach. The guidance in ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2018. The Company’s initial evaluation of its current leases does not indicate that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on
its consolidated statements of operations. The Company expects that the adoption of the standard will have a material impact on its consolidated balance sheets for
the recognition of certain operating leases as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based PaymentAccounting, which changes the accounting for
employee share-based payments, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classiﬁcation in the
statement of cash ﬂows. Under the new guidance, excess tax beneﬁts associated with share-based payment awards will be recognized in the income statement when
the awards vest or settle, rather than in stockholders’ equity. In addition, it will increase the number of shares an employer can withhold to cover income taxes on
share-based payment awards and still qualify for the exemption to liability classiﬁcation. The guidance will be effective for the Company in its ﬁrst quarter of
ﬁscal 2017. The Company expects that the adoption of this standard will result in the recognition of approximately $10.0 million of deferred tax assets related to
stock-based compensation and a corresponding increase in the Company’s valuation allowance, which will be disclosed in the Company’s notes to consolidated
ﬁnancial statements. The Company does not expect that the adoption of this standard will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements.
In August, 2016, the F ASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, which provides guidance on the
presentation and classiﬁcation in the statement of cash ﬂows for eight specific cash ﬂow issues. The guidance will be effective for the Company in its ﬁrst quarter
of ﬁscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted in any annual or interim period. The Company has not identiﬁed any of the eight specific cash ﬂow issues within its
consolidated financial statements, therefore the Company does not expect that the adoption of this standard will have a material effect on its consolidated
statements of cash ﬂows.
In November 2016, the F ASB issued ASU No. 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows - Restricted Cash , which requires entities to show the changes in the total
of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash ﬂows. The guidance will be effective for the Company in its first
quarter of fiscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period, but any adjustments must be reﬂected as of the beginning of the ﬁscal
year that includes that interim period. The new standard must be adopted retrospectively. The Company early adopted this standard in the fourth quarter of 2016
resulting in the reclassification of restricted cash in the presentation of its consolidated statements of cash ﬂows.
In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017 No. 2017-04, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other, which eliminates step two from the
annual goodwill impairment test. The standard is effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2020, with early adoption permitted as of January 1, 2017, and is
to be applied on a prospective basis. The adoption of the standard will not materially impact the Company's consolidated financial statements unless step one of the
annual goodwill impairment test fails. The Company is currently evaluating the timing of its planned adoption of this standard.
Business Enterprise Information
The Company operates as a single operating segment. According to the F ASB ASC Topic Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related
Information , operating segments are deﬁned as components of an enterprise for which separate ﬁnancial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating
decision maker (“CODM”) in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company’s CODM is the Chief Executive Ofﬁcer who
evaluates the Company’s ﬁnancial information and resources and assesses performance on a consolidated basis.
60