Our ultracapacitor products have become a standard and often preferred energy storage solution for transportation applications such as hybrid-electric transit
buses and electric rail systems and industrial electronics applications such as wind energy, automated utility meters in smart grid systems and backup power for
telecommunications and information technology installations.
The core of our technology is a pr0prietary, solvent-free, electrode manufacturing process. This high throughput roll-to-roll process produces high reliability
electrode material with uniform thickness resulting in enhanced product performance and long term durability. The process enables a favorable cost position versus
competitors. As part of our offerings, we market electrode material to other ultracapacitor manufacturers. We have licensed our proprietary cell architecture to
manufacturers in China, Taiwan and Korea to expand and accelerate acceptance of ultracapacitor products in large and rapidly growing global markets.
Complementary to our ultracapacitor products, lithium-ion capacitors are energy storage devices, that due to their unique design, have more than three times
the energy density, similar power density, and a similarly long cycle life compared with ultracapacitors, as well as very low self-discharge similar to lithium-ion
batteries. Like ultracapacitors, lithium-ion capacitors have a variety of applications, such as short-range vehicles, rail, grid energy storage, and industrial, where
higher energy density and/or fast charge are required. With their unique properties, we believe lithium-ion capacitor products can open up new market
opportunities for us.
Dry Battery Electrode Technology
Our dry battery electrode technology leverages our core dry electrode process technology currently used to manufacture ultracapacitors. This unique
electrode manufacturing process expands our core technology into batteries of varying chemistry with value-added performance features over wet-coated electrode
technology at a reduced production cost. The performance differentiators afforded by dry coating technology are higher energy density, longer operating lifetime,
high temperature operating robustness and higher charge/discharge rate capability. As a solvent-less process technology, dry electrode manufacturing is less costly
and much more environmentally friendly. We believe that the investment in manufacturing equipment for dry processing is significantly less than wet coating
technology, with much lower energy consumption as there is no need to use, remove and recapture solvent from electrode during fabrication. In addition to offering
benefits over today’s battery chemistries, dry process technology enables electrode production using high energy density, liquid sensitive materials that are more
encumbered by wet coating processes. We believe that these combined attributes of dry battery electrode manufacturing have the potential to meet the cost and
performance requirements in the fast growing demand for vehicle electrification.
High- Voltage Capacitors
High-voltage grading and coupling capacitors and electronic voltage transformers are used mainly in the electric utility industry. Grading and coupling
capacitors are key components of circuit breakers that prevent high-voltage arcing that can damage switches, step-down transformers and other equipment that
transmits or distributes high-voltage electrical energy within electricity network infrastructure and also within high-voltage laboratories. Electronic voltage
transformers measure voltage and power levels within electric utility infrastructure. The market for these products consists of expansion, upgrades and maintenance
of existing infrastructure and new infrastructure installations in developing countries. Such initiatives are capital-intensive and frequently are subject to regulation,
availability of government funding and prevailing economic conditions. North America has a large installed base of fragmented electric utility infrastructure, and
has experienced power interruptions and supply problems. Utility deregulation, government budget deficits, and other factors have limited recent capital spending
in what historically has been a very large market for utility infrastructure components. We believe that consolidation and changes in market dynamics will generate
new opportunities. Projects to increase the availability of electrical energy in developing countries as well as infrastructure modernization and renovation in already
developed countries may continue to increase demand for our high-voltage products and solutions in the years to come.
Radiation-Hardened Microelectronics
In April 2016, we sold substantially all assets and liabilities related to our radiation-hardened microelectronics product line. Our radiation-hardened
microelectronic products for satellites and spacecraft included single board computers and components, such as high-density memory and data conversion modules.
3