employees would cause significant and irreparable harm to the Employing Party. The non-Employing Party agrees and covenants not to directly
or indirectly solicit, hire, recruit, attempt to hire or recruit, or induce the termination of employment of any employee of the Employing Party or
its Afﬁliates during the Term of this Localization Agreement and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter.
15. INDEPENDENT PARTIES
15.1.Nothing in this Localization Agreement is intended to create nor will be construed as creating any association, employment, partnership, or
trust. Each Party will be deemed to be and will be an independent contractor.
15.2.Neither Party is authorized or empowered to act as agent for the other Party for any purpose and will not on behalf of the other Party enter
into any contract, warranty, or representation as to any matter.
16. LIABILITY FOR STAFF
16.1. Each Party agrees that while its representatives are on the other Party’s site, its representatives will adhere, at all times, to all applicable rules,
regulations, policies, and procedures of the other Party. Each Party hereby conﬁrms that its representatives who are engaged in activities
under this Localization Agreement have the necessary skills, expertise, and training, including laboratory safety procedures, to perform their
obligations under this Localization Agreement.
16.2. Each Party will be solely liable for the acts and omissions of its representatives while on the other Party‘s site, including for any violation of the
other Party‘s applicable rules, regulations, policies, and procedures, as well as for other acts and omissions conducted in performance of their
obligations under this Localization Agreement.
17. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
17.1. Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party that on the Effective Date:
a. it is an independent legal person duly organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws of the place of its establishment or
incorporation;
b. it has full authority to enter into this Localization Agreement and perform its obligations under these agreements;
c. it has authorized its representative to sign this Localization Agreement, and the provisions of this Localization Agreement are legally
binding upon it from the Effective Date; and
d. its execution of this Localization Agreement, and performance of its obligations thereunder, will not violate (i) any provision of its
business license, articles of incorporation, articles of association or similar organizational documents; (ii) any applicable laws or any
governmental authorization or approval; or (iii) any contract to which it is a party or to which it is subject.
18. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
18.1.Nothing in the Localization Agreement will limit or exclude any Party’s liability for personal injury or death arising as a result of that Party’s
negligence, intentional or willful misconduct, fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or for any liability which cannot be limited or excluded by
law.
Conﬁdenﬁal
Maxwell Agreement No.: 00000453.0
Localization Agreement — SRI-Maxwell 16