Ultracapacz'tors
The principal focus of our ultracapacitor development activities is to increase power and energy density, reduce internal resistance, extend operational life
and reduce manufacturing cost. Our ultracapacitor designs focus on low-cost, high-capacity cells in standard sizes ranging from 1 to 3,400 farads, and
corresponding multi-cell modules based on various form factors.
High- Voltage Capacitors
The principal focus of our high-voltage capacitor development efforts is to enhance performance and reliability while reducing the size, weight and
manufacturing cost of our products. We also are directing our design efforts to develop high-voltage capacitors for additional applications and solutions.
Intellectual Property
We place a strong emphasis on inventing, protecting and exploiting proprietary technologies, processes and designs which bring intrinsic value and
uniqueness to our product portfolio. We place a high priority on obtaining patents to provide the broadest and strongest possible protection for our products,
technologies and other strategic initiatives. Our continued success will depend in part on our ability to protect our existing patents and to secure patent protection
on developing technologies. As of December 31, 2016 , we held 71 issued US. patents and 22 published pending US. patent applications which relate to our core
technologies, processes and designs. Of these issued patents, 65 relate to our ultracapacitor products and technology and 6 relate to our high-voltage capacitor
products and technology.
Our pending and any future patent applications may not survive the challenges of patent prosecution in the jurisdictions in which we ﬁle throughout the
world; however, our strategy is to focus on countries generating revenue as well as markets which we deem key to our business strategies and objectives. We
routinely seek patent protection in the United States and the principal countries of Europe and Asia. At present, we do not rely on licenses from any third parties to
produce our products.
Our existing patent portfolios and pending patent applications relate primarily to:
Ultracapacz'tors
° compositions of the electrode, including its formulation, design and fabrication techniques;
0 materials science associated with raw material components;
0 physical cell package designs as well as the affiliated processes used in cell assembly;
0 cell-to-cell and module-to-module interconnect technologies that minimize equivalent series resistance and enhance the functionality, performance and
longevity of ultracapacitor products including system level electronics; and
- module and system designs that facilitate applications of ultracapacitor technology.
High- Voltage Capacitors
0 physical cell package designs as well as the affiliated processes used in cell assembly;
0 component selection to enable compliance with environmental regulations with minimal sacrifice to product performance; and
- manufacture of capacitors in a manner which significantly reduces exposure of internal components to impurities, moisture and other undesirable
materials in an effort to avoid longer manufacturing times and reduced performance characteristics without these technical advancements.
Historically, our high-voltage capacitor products have been based on our know-how and trade secrets rather than on patents. We filed our ﬁrst patent
application covering our high-voltage capacitor technology in 2003, and we continue to pursue patent protection in addition to trade secret protection of certain
aspects of our products” design and production.
While our primary strategy for protecting our proprietary technologies, processes and designs is related to obtaining patents, we also apply for trademark
registrations which identify us as the source of the products. Additionally, we promote our technologies, processes and designs in association with these registered
trademarks to further distinguish our products from those of our competitors. As of December 31, 2016 , we had five formal trademark registrations within the US.
10