a. From the Effective Date, the Parties hereby agree that the Equipment Letter shall terminate with immediate effect. This termination shall
not affect any accrued rights or obligations of the Parties under the Equipment Letter as at the date of its termination.
b. On or after the applicable Asset Transfer Date, Party B's third party vendor shall invoice Party A for, USD $ or such sum as is
determined by the agreed third party valuer, whichever is the lesser ( ” éqgljpment Price "), and within 60 days from receipt of such
invoice Party A shall pay the Equipment Price to Party B’s third party vendor. Payment of such amount shall be made in cleared funds to
the bank account nominated in writing by Party B’s third party vendor. Acceptance of the Equipment will be done jointly by Party A and
Party B. Following such acceptance, Party B’s third party vendor will issue an invoice.
c. The Parties anticipate executing a separate agreement regarding the Equipment for the purposes of supporting cross border payment
procedures. In the event of a discrepancy between that separate written agreement and this Localization Agreement, this Localization
Agreement shall prevail.
d. Upon payment by Party A of the invoice for the Equipment Price, Party B’s third party vendor shall transfer such right, title and interest
as it has in the Equipment to Party A. Until the applicable Asset Transfer Date, Party A shall have no right, title or interest in or to the
Equipment (save except the right to possession and use of the Equipment subject to the terms and conditions of this Localization
Agreement).
e. It is acknowledged that the risk of loss, theft, damage and/or destruction of the Equipment passed to Party A upon delivery of the
Equipment to Party A under the Equipment Letter, and remains with Party A on execution of this Localization Agreement, and remains
with Party A on transfer of title in accordance with Section 3.1.c.
f. The details of the Equipment in Annex A are given only for the purposes of identifying the Equipment and do not make this Localization
Agreement a sale by description. The Equipment is sold on an "as seen" basis. Party B makes no representations and gives no warranties
as to the quality, condition, state, durability or description of the Equipment and/or the ﬁtness or suitability for any purpose of the
Equipment. All implied statutory or common law terms, conditions and warranties as to the Equipment are excluded to the fullest extent
permitted by law. Party A acknowledges that, before the date of this Localization Agreement: (a) Party B has given Party A a reasonable
opportunity to inspect and test the Equipment; and (b) Party A has acknowledged the basic function and condition of the Equipment
prior to shipment of the Equipment to Party A’s facility. In the event that the Equipment is broken or malfunctions in a substantial
manner before the Extended Production Date, then Party B will use good faith efforts to assist Party A in repairing or restoring the
Equipment to operational condition. Additionally, until the Extended Production Date, Party B will use good faith efforts to assist Party A
to achieve 99% final yield for UCAP Modules produced by Party A on the Equipment. Party A will at all times attempt to achieve 99%
ﬁnal yield for UCAP Modules produced by Party A on the Equipment.
9. Party A shall, during the term of this Localization Agreement:
i. ensure that the Equipment is kept and operated in a suitable environment, used only for the purposes for which it is designed,
and operated in a proper manner by trained competent staff in accordance with any operating and maintenance instructions;
Conﬁdenﬁal
Maxwell Agreement No.: 00000453.0
Localization Agreement — SRI-Maxwell 6