Reclassiﬁcations
“Amortization of prepaid debt costs” for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 has been reclassiﬁed to “interest expense, net” and “changes in
operating assets and liabilities,” in the consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of cash ﬂows, respectively, to conform to the current
period presentation. In accordance with the Company’s early adoption of ASU No. 2016-18, changes in restricted cash for the years ended December 2016 and
2015 have been reclassiﬁed in the consolidated statements of cash flows and restricted cash balances have been included with beginning and ending cash and cash
equivalent balances in the consolidated statements of cash flows. These reclassiﬁcations do not impact reported net loss and do not otherwise have a material
impact on the presentation of the overall financial statements.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of ﬁnancial statements in conformity with US. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts
and related disclosures. These estimates include, but are not limited to, assessing the collectability of accounts receivable, applied and unapplied production costs,
production capacities, the usage and recoverability of inventories and long-lived assets, deferred income taxes, the incurrence of warranty obligations, impairment
of goodwill, estimation of the cost to complete certain projects, estimation of pension assets and liabilities, accruals for estimated losses for legal matters, and
estimation of the value of stock-based compensation awards, including the probability that the performance criteria of restricted stock units awards will be met.
Revenue Recognition
Revenue is derived primarily from the sale of manufactured products directly to customers. Product revenue is recognized, according to the guidelines of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) Numbers 101, Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements , and 104, Revenue
Recognition , when all of the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists (upon contract signing or receipt of an authorized
purchase order from a customer); (2) title passes to the customer at either shipment from the Company’s facilities or receipt at the customer facility, depending on
shipping terms; (3) customer payment is deemed ﬁxed or determinable and free of contingencies or significant uncertainties; and (4) collectability is reasonably
assured. This policy has been consistently applied from period to period.
A portion of our sales revenue is derived from sales to distributors. Distributor revenue is recognized when all of the criteria for revenue recognition are met,
which is generally the time of shipment to the distributor; all returns and credits are estimable and not significant.
Revenue from production-type contracts, which represent less than five percent of total revenue, is recognized using the percentage of completion method.
The degree of completion is determined based on costs incurred as a percentage of total costs anticipated, excluding costs that are not representative of progress to
completion.
Total deferred revenue and customer deposits in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 was $4.0 million and $3.1 million ,
respectively, and primarily relates to cash received from a customer in connection with a production-type contract, for which revenue is recognized using the
percentage of completion method, and payments received under a joint development agreement, which are recognized as an offset to research and development
expense as services are performed.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of cash in readily available checking accounts. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments that are
readily convertible to cash and that mature within three months or less from the date of purchase. The carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the short
maturities of these instruments.
Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
Trade receivables are stated at gross invoiced amount less an allowance for uncollectible accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts reﬂects
management’s best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts receivable balance. Management determines the allowance for doubtful accounts based on
known troubled accounts, historical experience and other currently available evidence.
55