Even if protection is obtained, competitors or others in the chain of commerce may raise legal challenges to our rights or illegally infringe our rights,
including through means that may be difficult to prevent or detect. For example, a certain portion of our IP portfolio is related to unique process steps performed
during the manufacture of our products which are not readily recognizable in the physical embodiment of the final product. It may be difficult to identify and prove
that a competitor is infringing on our rights to such process steps. Further, we are required to divulge certain of our IP to our business partners to enable them to
provide quality products or raw materials to us or enable the exploitation and success of strategic partnerships. To the extent that such disclosure occurs in China or
other jurisdictions in which the ability to protect IP is more limited, existing or new competitors in this region could begin to use our IP in the development of their
own products, which could reduce our competitive edge. Even in jurisdictions in which IP is highly valued, and therefore protected, the financial burden of
asserting or defending our IP rights could prove to be cost prohibitive for us thereby putting us in a position in which we must sacrifice our competitive edge.
In addition, because of the rapid pace of technology advancements, and the confidentiality of patent applications in some jurisdictions, competitors may be
issued patents stemming from pending patent applications that were unknown to us prior to issuance of the patents. This could reduce the value of our commercial
or pipeline products or, to the extent they cover key technologies on which we have unknowingly relied, require that we seek to obtain a license or cease using the
technology, no matter how valuable to our business. We may not be able to obtain such a license on acceptable terms. The extent to which we succeed or fail in our
efforts to protect our intellectual property will affect our financial condition and results of operations.
Our inability to eﬂecﬁvely identzﬂl, enter into, manage and benefit from strategic alliances, may limit our ability to pursue certain growth objectives
an d/or strategies.
Our reputation is important to our growth and success. As a leader in an emerging technology industry, we recognize the value in identifying, selecting and
managing key strategic alliances. We are mainly focusing our business on the specific products we deliver and pursuit of strategic alliances with other companies
could allow us to provide customers with integrated or other new products, services, or technology advancements derived from the alliances. To be successful, we
must first be able to define and identify opportunities which align with our growth plan. Additionally, we cannot be certain that our alliance partners will provide us
with the support we anticipate, that such alliance or other relationships will be successful in advancing technology, or that any alliances or other relationships will
be successful in manufacturing and marketing new or improved products. Our success is also highly dependent upon our ability to manage the respective
parameters of all strategic alliances, promote the benefits to us, and to not prohibit or discourage other opportunities which may be beneficial to us in the future.
Also, certain provisions of alliance agreements may include restrictions that limit our ability to independently pursue or exploit the developments under such
strategic alliances. Currently, we have alliances with several partners both in the US. and throughout the world. We anticipate that future alliances may also be
with foreign partners or entities. As a result, such alliances may be subject to the political climate and economies of the foreign countries where such partners
reside and operate. If the strategic alliances we pursue are not successful, our business and prOSpects could be negatively affected.
Should a catastrophic event or other signiﬁcant business interruption occur at any of our facilities, we could face significant reconstruction or
remediation costs, penalties, third-party liability and loss of production capacity, which could adversely aﬂect our business.
Weather conditions, natural disasters or other catastrophic events could cause significant disruptions in operations, including, specifically, disruptions at our
manufacturing facilities or those of our major suppliers or customers. In turn, the quality, cost and volumes of the products we produce and sell could be
unexpectedly, negatively affected, which will impact our sales and profitability. Natural disasters or industrial accidents could also damage our manufacturing
facilities or infrastructure, or those of our major suppliers or major customers, which could affect our costs, production volumes and demand for our products.
However, we have implemented certain mitigation strategies to ensure that certain components and processes involved in the manufacture of our component
materials and finished goods are somehow temporarily available so as to reduce the impact of such a catastrophic event.
22