In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based PaymentAccounting which changes the accounting for
employee share-based payments, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classiﬁcation in the
Statements of Cash Flows. Under the new guidance, excess tax benefits associated with share-based payment awards will be recognized in the income statement
when the awards vest or settle, rather than in stockholders’ equity. In addition, it will increase the number of shares an employer can withhold to cover income
taxes on share-based payment awards and still qualify for the exemption to liability classiﬁcation. The guidance will be effective for us in the first quarter of ﬁscal
2017. We expect that the adoption of this standard will result in the recognition of approximately $10.0 million of deferred tax assets related to stock-based
compensation and a corresponding increase in our valuation allowance, which will be disclosed in our notes to consolidated financial statements. We do not expect
that the adoption of this standard will have a material effect on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In August, 2016, the F ASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, which provides guidance on the
presentation and classiﬁcation in the statement of cash ﬂows for eight specific cash ﬂow issues. The guidance will be effective for us in the ﬁrst quarter of fiscal
2018. Early adoption is permitted in any annual or interim period. We have not identified any of the eight speciﬁc cash ﬂow issues within our consolidated
ﬁnancial statements, therefore we do not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material effect on our consolidated statements of cash ﬂows.
In November 2016, the F ASB issued ASU 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows - Restricted Cash , which requires entities to show the changes in the total of
cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash ﬂow. The guidance will be effective for us in the ﬁrst quarter of fiscal
2018. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period, but any adjustments must be reﬂected as of the beginning of the ﬁscal year that includes
that interim period. The new standard must be adopted retrospectively. We early adopted this standard in the fourth quarter of 2016 resulting in the reclassiﬁcation
of restricted cash in the presentation of our consolidated statements of cash ﬂows.
In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017 No. 2017-04, Intangibles - Goodwill ana1 Other, which eliminates step two from the
annual goodwill impairment test. The standard is effective for us in the first quarter of 2020, with early adoption permitted as of January 1, 2017, and is to be
applied on a prospective basis. The adoption of the standard will not materially impact our consolidated ﬁnancial statements unless step one of the annual goodwill
impairment test fails. We are currently evaluating the timing of our planned adoption of this standard.
Off Balance Sheet Arrangements
None.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
We face exposure to financial market risks, including adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates and changes in interest rates. These exposures
may change over time and could have a material adverse impact on our ﬁnancial results. We have not entered into or invested in any instruments that are subject to
market risk, except as follows:
Foreign Currency Risk
Our primary foreign currency exposure is related to our subsidiary in Switzerland. Maxwell SA has Euro and local currency (Swiss Franc) revenue and
Operating expenses, as well as local currency loans. Changes in these currency exchange rates impact the reported amount (US. dollar) of revenue, expenses and
debt.
As of December 31, 2016 , the impact of a theoretical detrimental change in foreign currency exchange rates of 10% would result in a hypothetical loss of
$0.1 million. For local currency debt carried by our Swiss subsidiary, the impact of a hypothetical 10% detrimental change in foreign currency exchange rates
would result in a hypothetical loss of $8,000 , which would be recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income on the consolidated balance sheet.
Interest Rate Risk
At December 31, 2016 , we had approximately $83,000 in debt, $43,000 of which is classiﬁed as long-term debt. Debt outstanding is related to vehicle
ﬁnancing agreements and due to the minimal amounts outstanding any changes in interest rates would not signiﬁcantly impact our financial results.
45