Item 1A. Risk Factors
An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Our business, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations could be seriously harmed if
potentially adverse developments, some of which are described below, materialize and cannot be resolved successfully. In any such case, the market price of our
common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment in our common stock.
The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties, including those not presently known to us or
that we currently deem immaterial, may also result in decreased revenue, increased expenses or other adverse impacts that could result in a decline in the price of
our common stock. You should also refer to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 1 0-K, including our consolidated ﬁnancial statements
and the related notes.
A substantial percentage of our total revenue depends on the sale of products within a small number of vertical markets and a small number of
geographic regions, and the decline in the size of a vertical market or reduction of consumption within a geographic region, without offsetting growth in
emerging markets, could impede our growth and proﬁtability.
Sales within a relatively small number of vertical markets and a small number of geographic regions make up a large portion of our revenue. Our ability to
grow our sales within this limited number of markets and regions depends on our ability to compete on price, delivery and quality. If a particular market into which
we sell experiences a decline, then our customers will decrease their own consumption of our products thereby reducing our revenue. For example, if municipalities
are no longer accepting of ultracapacitor systems for hybrid buses, then our direct customers will no longer consume products from us for incorporation into such
applications. Additionally, a substantial portion of our revenue stems from sales to customers within a limited number of geographic regions including, notably,
China and Germany. If certain factors were to arise including, for example, a catastrophic event or shift in economic health and stability within a particular region,
then customers within these regions may reduce their consumption of our products resulting in reduced revenue for us. While we have focused efforts targeting
growth of product acceptance in other smaller market segments, there can be no assurance that the revenue associated with these emerging markets will be able to
fully or partially offset any down turn in the vertical markets where we currently maintain substantial business.
Many of our customers are currently the benefactors of government funding or government subsidies.
Our products are currently sold into a limited number of vertical markets, some of which are either directly funded by or partially subsidized with
government funding. The use of our ultracapacitor technology in certain applications is still relatively immature, the costs associated with producing the products is
perceived to be high as compared with more mature and readily understood solutions. However, many government entities have determined that they view certain
prevailing interests, including, for example, reduction of pollution, to outweigh the economic costs associated with incorporating these clean technologies and
therefore are willing to allocate government funding to encourage companies to produce goods which reduce pollution and energy consumption. For example, a
large portion of our current ultracapacitor business is concentrated in the Chinese hybrid transit vehicle and wind energy markets, which are heavily dependent on
government regulation and subsidy. These markets may experience volatility when there are changes or delays in government policies and subsidy programs that
support our sales into these markets. For example, in 2016, the Chinese government proposed a new registration requirement for energy storage manufacturers who
sell into the automotive and heavy tranSportation markets. Many subsidies offered by the Chinese government require a manufacturer to be registered under this
regime in order to be eligible for the applicable subsidies, thereby injecting some uncertainty as to whether our customers will be able to capture the beneﬁt of this
new program while determining which manufacturers will be able to complete the proposed registration requirement. For 2017 and beyond, we may continue to see
variability in revenue as a result of uncertainty regarding how these potential changes to the China government subsidy will impact our sales into these markets.
Similarly, our high-voltage capacitor products are primarily consumed by markets which are either directly funded by or controlled by the respective
government bodies in the jurisdictions where our customers do business. For example, our high-voltage capacitor products are largely used for electric utility
infrastructures which are largely controlled by the respective governments supplying power and electricity to its populations. If these government entities elect to
change their policies on government subsidies or decide to cancel or reduce certain government funding programs, then our customers could cancel or reduce
orders for our products.
14