Foreign Currencies
The Company’s primary foreign currency exposure is related to its subsidiary in Switzerland, which has Euro and local currency (Swiss Franc) revenue and
Operating expenses, and local currency loans. Changes in these currency exchange rates impact the reported US. dollar amount of revenue, expenses and debt. The
functional currency of the Swiss subsidiary is the Swiss Franc. Assets and liabilities of the Swiss subsidiary are translated at month-end exchange rates, and
revenue, expenses, gains and losses are translated at rates of exchange that approximate the rate in effect at the time of the transaction. Any translation adjustments
resulting from this process are presented separately as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income within stockholders’ equity in the consolidated
balance sheets. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses on intercompany balances considered long term in nature are accounted for as translation adjustments
within equity. All other foreign currency transaction gains and losses are reported in “foreign currency exchange loss, net” in the consolidated statements of
operations.
Foreign Currency Derivative Instruments
The Company has historically used forward contracts to hedge certain monetary assets and liabilities, primarily receivables, payables, and cash balances,
denominated in foreign currencies. The Company’s objective was to partially offset gains or losses resulting from these exposures with opposing gains or losses on
the forward contracts, thereby reducing volatility of earnings created by these foreign currency exposures. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company
ceased using foreign currency forward contracts to hedge foreign currency transaction exposure as management determined its foreign currency transaction
exposure is no longer significant. In accordance with the Derivatives and Hedging Topic of the FASB ASC, the fair values of the forward contracts were estimated
at each period end based on quoted market prices and were recorded as a net asset or liability on the consolidated balance sheets. These contracts were considered
economic hedges but were not designated as hedges under the Derivatives and Hedging Topic of the FASB ASC, therefore, the change in the fair value of the
instruments was recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and was recorded in “foreign currency exchange loss, net” in the consolidated statements
of operations.
Net Income (Loss) per Share
In accordance with the Earnings Per Share Topic of the FASB ASC, basic net income (loss) per share is calculated using the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share includes the impact of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if
dilutive potential common shares were issued. Potentially dilutive securities are not considered in the calculation of diluted net loss per share, as their inclusion
would be anti-dilutive. The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share (in thousands, except per share data):
Years Ended December 31,
2016 _ 2015 _ 2014
'Numerator ‘
Net loss $ (23,705) $ (22,333) $ (6,272)
’Denominator ‘
Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 31,870 30,716 29,216
Net loss per share ‘
Basic and diluted $ (0.74) $ (0.73) $ (0.21)
The following table summarizes instruments that may be convertible into common shares that are not included in the denominator used in the diluted net
income (loss) per share calculation because to do so would be anti-dilutive (in thousands):
Common Stock _ 2016 _ 2015 _ 2014
lOutstanding options to purchase common stock 414 931 672 ‘
Unvested restricted stock awards 88 245 528
lUnvested restricted stock unit awards 1,748 885 224 ‘
Employee stock purchase plan awards — 10 9
’Bonus to be paid in stock awards 265 — — l
58