23.1.No Party may assign, transfer, mortgage, charge, subcontract, declare a trust over or deal in any other manner with any of its rights and
obligations under this Localization Agreement except that *** may at any time subcontract its rights and obligations under this Localization
Agreement to *** .
24. WAIVER
24.1. No waiver by any Party hereto of any breach or default of any the covenants of this Localization Agreement will be deemed a waiver as to any
subsequent or similar breach or default.
25. SEVERABILITY
25.1.If any provision of this Localization Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality, and
enforceability of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, provided that the intent of the Parties is not
materially affected thereby.
26. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
26.1.This Localization Agreement together with the separate services agreements contemplated in Section 5.2 and Section 5.5 constitute the entire
agreement between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof. Unless otherwise incorporated herein by reference, all prior written
agreements, understandings, arrangements, documents and communications (whether written or oral) between the Parties respecting said
subject matter are void and shall have no force or effect, including, notably the Localization Term Sheet and the Equipment Letter. All
conditions, warranties or other terms not expressly contained in this Localization Agreement which might have effect between the Parties or be
implied or incorporated into this Agreement, whether by statute, common law or otherwise, are hereby excluded.
26.2.The Parties acknowledge that in entering into this Localization Agreement, they have not relied on any oral or written representations or other
promises or assurances not contained in this Localization Agreement. The Parties waive all rights and remedies which might otherwise be
available to them in respect thereof, except that nothing in this Localization Agreement will limit or exclude any liability of a Party for fraud or
fraudulent misrepresentation.
27. FURTHER ASSURANCE
27.1.The Parties will at their own cost and expense do or procure to be done all such further acts and things and execute or procure the execution
of all such other documents as may from time to time reasonably be required for the purpose of giving effect to the full beneﬁt of the
provisions of this Localization Agreement.
27.2. Each Party covenants and agrees that it will notify the other Party in writing of its intention to file for bankruptcy protection or relief, entry into
receivership or similar matter, or otherwise seek relief or protection from its creditors at least thirty (30) days prior to any such filing or action.
The failure to so notify the other Party will be considered a material breach of this Localization Agreement and will be grounds for immediate
termination under Section 10.1, without any period in which to cure said breach.
28. VARIATIONS
28.1.No amendment, variation, or modification will be made to this Localization Agreement unless agreed in writing and signed by a duly authorized
officer of each Party.
29. COUNTERPARTS
Conﬁdenﬁal
Maxwell Agreement No.: 00000453.0
Localization Agreement — SRI-Maxwell 19