REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
Maxwell Technologies, Inc.
San Diego, California
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Maxwell Technologies, Inc. as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 and the related
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders’ equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016
. In connection with our audits of the financial statements, we have also audited the ﬁnancial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index. These financial
statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these ﬁnancial statements and
schedule based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ﬁnancial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the ﬁnancial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the ﬁnancial statements and schedule. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material reSpects, the ﬁnancial position of Maxwell Technologies,
Inc. as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 , in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Also, in our opinion, the related ﬁnancial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole,
presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Maxwell Technologies, Inc.’s
internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016 , based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (C080), and our report dated March 1, 2017 expressed an unqualiﬁed opinion thereon.
/s/ BDO USA, LLP
San Diego, California
March 1, 2017
48