In 2016, the Company assessed the qualitative factors for one of its two reporting units and concluded that it was more likely than not that its fair value
exceeded its carrying value and therefore did not perform quantitative testing for the reporting unit. For its other reporting unit, the Company determined to skip
the qualitative assessment and moved directly to the first quantitative test. The Company utilized a discounted cash flow methodology to calculate the fair value of
the reporting unit. Based on the fair value analysis, management concluded that fair value exceeded carrying value of the reporting unit and no additional
quantitative testing was required. As a result of the Company’s annual assessments, no impairment was indicated as of December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 .
The change in the carrying amount of goodwill during 2015 and 2016 was as follows (in thousands):
’Balance at December 31, 2014 $ 23,599 ‘
Foreign currency translation adjustments 36
’Balance at December 31, 2015 23,635 1
Foreign currency translation adjustments (545)
I Disposition of microelectronics product line (291) ‘
Balance at December 31, 2016 $ 22,799
Note 4 — Sale of Microelectronics Product Line
On April 27, 2016, the Company sold substantially all of the assets and liabilities comprising its microelectronics product line to Data Device Corporation, a
privately-held Delaware corporation. The transaction purchase price was $21.0 million , subject to a working capital adjustment and a one year $1.5 million escrow
holdback on the purchase price.
The assets sold were primarily comprised of inventory, accounts receivable and property and equipment. The liabilities sold were comprised mainly of
deferred revenue, accounts payable and other current liabilities. During the first quarter of 2016, the Company met the held for sale criteria in accordance with ASC
Topic 380, Impairment or Disposal of Long Lived Assets, and the Company ceased depreciation on the property and equipment and classified the assets to be sold
as held for sale. During the second quarter of 2016, all assets and liabilities formerly classified as held for sale were disposed of pursuant to the sale. The sale of the
microelectronics product line did not represent a strategic shift that had a major effect on the Company’s operations and ﬁnancial results. As such, the Company
did not account for the disposition as a discontinued operation. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company recorded a gain of $6.7 million related to
the sale of the microelectronics product line.
In connection with the sale of the microelectronics product line, the Company guaranteed the future operating lease commitment related to the facility
formerly occupied by the microelectronics product line, which was assumed by the buyer. The Company is obligated to perform under the guarantee if Data Device
Corporation defaults on the lease at any time during the remainder of the lease agreement. The lease had a remaining lease term of fifteen months from the date of
sale and expires on July 31, 2017. As of December 31, 2016 , the undiscounted maximum amount of potential future payments under the lease guarantee is $0.6
million . The Company assessed the probability that it will be required to make payments under the terms of the guarantee based upon its actual and expected loss
experience. Consistent with the requirements of FASB ASC 460, Guarantees, the Company has not recorded a liability on its consolidated balance sheet as of
December 31, 2016 as a loss is not considered probable.
Note 5 — Restructuring and Exit Costs
In 2015, the Company initiated a restructuring plan to consolidate US. manufacturing operations and to reduce headcount and operating expenses in order to
align the Company’s cost structure with the current business forecast and to improve operational efficiency. The plan also included the disposition of the
Company’s microelectronics product line which was completed in April 2016. The restructuring plan was otherwise substantially completed in the first quarter of
2016. Total restructuring and exit costs were $2.8 million , which included $1.3 million in facilities costs related to the consolidation of manufacturing operations,
$1.2 million in employee severance costs and $0.3 million in other exit costs. The Company also incurred $0.6 million in accelerated equipment depreciation
expense related to the consolidation of manufacturing operations. Total cash expenditures related to restructuring activities were approximately $1.5 million .
The Company accounts for charges resulting from restructuring and exit activities in accordance with ASC Topic 420, Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations
(“ASC 420”), and ASC Topic 712, Compensation-Nometirement Postemployment Beneﬁts, for employee termination benefits to be paid in accordance with its
ongoing employee termination benefit arrangement.
63