29.1.This Localization Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts or duplicates delivered by mail, electronic mail or facsimile, each
of which, when executed and delivered, will be original, and such counterparts or duplicates together will constitute one and the same
instrument.
30. FORCE MAJEURE
30.1.In this Localization Agreement, “ forceiMaieure,” means any cause preventing any Party from performing any or all of its obligations which
arises from or is attributable to acts, events, omissions, or accidents beyond the reasonable control of the Party so prevented including, but not
limited to, an act of God, war, riot, civil commotion, malicious damage, epidemic or pandemic, compliance with any law or governmental order,
rule, regulation or direction, accident, breakdown of plant or machinery, ﬁre, flood or storm or default of suppliers or subcontractors, war, civil
war, armed conflict, or terrorist attack, nuclear chemical or biological contamination or sonic boom, but excluding strikes, lock—outs or other
industrial disputes (whether involving the workforce of the Party so prevented or the other Party) or the unavailability of raw materials.
30.2.If any Party is prevented or delayed in the performance of any of its obligations under this Localization Agreement by Force Majeure, that Party
will forthwith serve notice in writing on the other Party specifying the nature and extent of the circumstances giving rise for Force Majeure, and
will, subject to service of such notice, have no liability in respect of the performance of such of its obligations as are prevented by the Force
Majeure events during the continuation of such events, and for such time after they cease as is necessary for that Party, using commercially
reasonable efforts, to recommence its affected operations in order for it to perform its obligations. In the event of such Force Majeure, the
Parties will, within a reasonable time, disclose to each other the FIP under this Localization Agreement and the terms and conditions of this
Localization Agreement will continue to apply to the Parties in respect of all their ownership, use, and licensing rights to such FIP.
30.3.If any Party is prevented by Force Majeure from performance of its obligations for a period in excess of three (3) months, then either Party
may terminate this Localization Agreement on service of written notice upon the other Party, in which case no Party will have any liability to
any other Party except that rights and liabilities which accrued prior to such termination will continue to subsist.
30.4.The Party claiming to be prevented or delayed in the performance of any of its obligations by reason of Force Majeure will take all steps as are
reasonably necessary without hereby being obliged to incur any unreasonable expenditure or costs to bring the Force Majeure event to a close
or to ﬁnd a solution by which its obligations may be performed despite the continuance of the Force Majeure event.
31. IMPORT AND EXPORT CONTROL
31.1.Both Parties agree to comply fully with all United States export control laws including, but not limited to, the regulations of the U5.
Department of Commerce and the US. Department of State relating to the export of technical data, as well as all import and export control
laws including, but limited to, the regulations of the PRC Ministry of Commerce relating to the import and export of technology, insofar as they
relate to activities to be performed under this Localization Agreement. In addition to the above, any diversion contrary to U.S. law or PRC law
is prohibited.
32. LANGUAGE
Conﬁdenﬁal
Maxwell Agreement No.: 000004530
Localization Agreement — SRI-Maxwell 20