18.2.0ther than for breach of confidentiality under Section 13 or infringement of intellectual property, no Party to this Localization Agreement will
be liable to the other Party for any indirect, special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage arising out of or in connection with this
Localization Agreement no matter the nature of the claim asserted, including claims alleging breach of contract, tort (including negligence),
breach of statutory duty, product liability, strict liability, or otherwise. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties' remedies for breach of this
Localization Agreement, and liability for loss or damage arising out of or in connection with this Localization Agreement, are limited to those
remedies and liabilities expressly provided for in this Localization Agreement.
19. PAYMENTS
19.1.The time for payment of all sums due under this Localization Agreement is of the essence. Payment will only be effected when the Party B
receives the relevant amount due in cleared funds. If Part A fails to make any payment due to Party B under the agreement by the due date
for payment, then Party A shall pay interest on the overdue amount at the rate of 4% per annum above East West Bank‘s base rate from time
to time. Interest shall accrue on a daily basis from the relevant due date until actual payment of the overdue amount, whether before or after
judgment.
19.2.The Parties will each bear sole responsibility for applicable taxes and other similar payments that may be due, owing or payable to each Party's
respective governmental authority on account of any monies paid or to be paid to or received or to be received from each other.
20. NOTICES
20.1.Any notice or communication pertaining to this Localization Agreement that is required or permitted under this Localization Agreement will be
made in writing and will be deemed duly served if delivered personally, sent by facsimile transmissions, electronic mail, or by prepaid
registered post to the following:
If to Party A: CRRC Qingdao Sifang Rolling Stock Research Institute Co., Ltd.
Attention: CUI Fengzhao
No. 231, Rui Chang Road, Si Fang District, Qing Dao, China
If to Party B: Maxwell Technologies, Inc.
c/o Corporate Secretary
3888 Calle Fortunada
San Diego, California 92123
United States of America
20.2.However, if a notice or communication involves an alleged breach or termination of this Localization Agreement, such communication will be
sent by registered or certiﬁed mail, and also communicated by telephone as promptly as possible.
21. SURVIVAL
21.1.The provisions of Sections 10 (Termination), 11 (Publicity), 12 (Publications), 13 (Proprietary or Confidential Information), 14 (Non-
Solicitation), 18 (Limitation of Liability), 20 (Notices), 22 (Dispute Resolution and Governing Law), 25 (Severability), 27 (Further Assurance)
and any provision which expressly or by operation of law are to survive or come into force on the termination of this Localization Agreement,
will survive termination of this Localization Agreement.
Conﬁdenﬁal
Maxwell Agreement No.: 000004530
Localization Agreement — SRI-Maxwell 17