The Company is required to pay an annual commitment fee of $125,000 , and an unused commitment fee of the average daily unused amount of the
Revolving Line of Credit, payable monthly, equal to a per annum rate in a range of 0.30% to 0.50% , as determined by the Company’s leverage ratio on the last day
of the previous fiscal quarter. No amounts have been borrowed under the Revolving Line of Credit as of December 31, 2016 .
Former Credit Facility
In December 2011, the Company obtained a secured credit facility in the form of a revolving line of credit (the “Former Revolving Line of Credit”) and an
equipment term loan (the “Equipment Term Loan”) (together, the “Former Credit Facility”). Borrowings under the Former Credit Facility bore interest, payable
monthly, at either (i) the bank’s prime rate or (ii) LIBOR plus 2.25% , at the Company’s option subject to certain limitations. The Equipment Term Loan was
available to ﬁnance 80% of eligible equipment purchases made between April 1, 2011 and April 30, 2012. During this period, the Company borrowed $5.0 million
under the Equipment Term Loan. The balance of the Equipment Term Loan was paid in full by the maturity date of April 30, 2015. Concurrently with entering into
the Loan Agreement described above, in July 2015, the Company repaid all outstanding loans under the Former Revolving Line of Credit and the Former Credit
Facility was terminated. The Company did not incur any early termination or prepayment penalties under the Former Credit Facility in connection with the above
transactions.
Other Long-term Borrowings
Maxwell SA has various financing agreements for vehicles. These agreements are for up to an original three -year repayment period with interest rates
ranging from 0.9% to 3.9% . At December 31, 2016 and 2015 , $83,000 and $91,000 , respectively, was outstanding under these agreements.
Note 7—Fair Value Measurement
The Company records certain ﬁnancial instruments at fair value in accordance with the Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures Topic of the FASB ASC.
Historically, the financial instruments to which this topic applied were foreign currency forward contracts and pension assets. The fair value of foreign currency
forward contracts was recorded as a liability or asset in the consolidated balance sheets. During the second quarter of 2016, the Company ceased using foreign
currency forward contracts to hedge foreign currency exposure as management determined its foreign currency exposure is no longer significant. Therefore, no
foreign currency forward contracts were outstanding as of December 31, 2016 . As of December 31, 2015, the fair value of the Company’s foreign currency
forward contracts was an asset of $16,000 , which was recorded in “trade and other accounts receivable” in the consolidated balance sheet. The fair value of
derivative instruments was measured using models following quoted market prices in active markets for identical instruments, which is a Level 2 input under the
fair value hierarchy of the Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures Topic of the FASB ASC. Also see Note 8, Foreign Currency Derivative Instruments , and
Note 13, Pension and Other Postretirement Beneﬁt Plans , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for further discussion of fair value measurements.
The carrying value of short-term and long-term borrowings approximates fair value because of the relative short maturity of these instruments and the
interest rates the Company could currently obtain.
Note 8—Foreign Currency Derivative Instruments
The Company has historically used forward contracts to hedge certain monetary assets and liabilities, primarily receivables, payables, and cash balances,
denominated in foreign currencies. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company ceased using foreign currency forward contracts to hedge foreign
currency exposure as management determined its foreign currency exposure is no longer significant. The change in fair value of these forward contracts
represented a natural hedge as gains and losses on these instruments partially offset the changes in the fair value of the underlying monetary assets and liabilities
due to movements in currency exchange rates. These forward contracts generally expired in one month. These contracts were considered economic hedges but were
not designated as hedges under the Derivatives and Hedging Topic of the FASB ASC, therefore, the change in the fair value of the instruments was recognized
each period in the consolidated statements of operations.
The net losses on foreign currency forward contracts included in “foreign currency exchange loss, net” in the consolidated statements of operations are as
follows (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
2016 _ 2015 _ 2014
'Total loss $ (88) $ (720) $ (5,265) l
65