The successful management of new market applications and new product and technology introductions will be necessary for our growth.
Given our position as the technology leader for certain products, solutions and technologies we offer, we have a considerable number of new product and
technology concepts in the pipeline. A critical component of our growth strategy is dependent upon our ability to effectively and accurately determine which new
products, applications or technologies to pursue. Pursuing product or technology applications targeted at a specific customer base should enable our products to
cross over from a more narrow range of acceptance by early technology adopters to acceptance by a majority of customers in the application space. Commercial
success frequently depends on being the first provider to identify the applicable market opportunities. Consequently, if we are not able to fund our research and
development activities appropriately and deliver new products or technologies which address the needs of the markets we serve on a timely basis, our growth
prospects will be harmed. Additionally, we must balance the beneﬁts of gaining market acceptance in new or existing markets with the goal of optimizing growth
and profitability. That is, it is critical to ensure that the products, technologies and markets we select for development are aimed at large volume or high proﬁle
applications which can provide a significant return on our investment. If we fail to identify and pursue the appropriate markets for our products and technologies,
our growth potential and operating results could be adversely affected.
Our success depends largely on the acquisition 0}? as well as the continued availability and service oﬁ key personnel
Much of our future success depends on the continued availability and service of key personnel, including our senior executive management team as well as
highly-skilled employees in technical, marketing and staff positions. Due to the complexity and immaturity of the technologies involved in the products we produce
and the markets we serve, we may be unable to ﬁnd the right personnel with the background needed to serve our goals and objectives. As a market leader for the
technologies we develop, there are limited opportunities to hire personnel from competitors or other technology companies with substantial background and
experience in our technology ﬁelds. Consequently, we seek to hire individuals who are capable of performing well in an environment with limited resources and
references to past experiences. We may struggle to ﬁnd such talented personnel who also thrive in a high growth business atmosphere and who are capable of
keeping pace with the rapidly changing environment encouraged by the technologies we create and the markets we serve. These uniquely talented personnel are in
high demand in the technology industry and competition for acquiring such individuals is intense. Some of our scientists and engineers are the key developers of
our products and technologies and are recognized as leaders in their area of expertise. Without attracting and retaining personnel with the appropriate skill sets, we
could fail to maintain our technological and competitive advantage.
Our success as a reliable supplier to our customers is highly dependent upon our ability to eﬁ’ectively manage our reliance upon certain suppliers of key
component parts, ﬁnished goods and specialty equipment.
Because we currently obtain certain key components including, but not limited to binder, separator, paper, aluminum piece parts, die, printed circuit boards
and certain ﬁnished goods, including, notably, ultracapacitor finished goods, from single or limited sources, we are subject to signiﬁcant supply and pricing risks.
If the particular supplier is unable to provide the appropriate quantity and/or quality of the raw material or the ﬁnished goods at the prices required, then we will be
unable to produce and deliver our goods to customers, thereby losing out on revenue generation and, potentially, incurring penalties for failing to timely perform.
For example, a substantial portion of our revenue is generated from finished goods supplied to us from a single contract manufacturer. If this contract manufacturer
is unable to supply the ﬁnished goods to us to meet our customer demand, then we could be forced to decline acceptance of customer orders, which could lead to,
among other things, a reputation that we are an unreliable supplier and a decline in future demand for our products. Additionally, if we are not aware of potential
constraints upon our contract manufacturer for these finished goods before we enter into binding supply commitments with our own customers, then we could be
required to pay damages to the customers. While we have established mitigation strategies to attempt to minimize the likelihood and impact of an inability to
supply ﬁnished goods due to supplier constraints, we cannot be certain that such mitigation strategies will eliminate an adverse effect to our financial condition.
Additionally, we use some custom components that are not common to the rest of the industries served by our suppliers and which are often available from
only one source. Also, when a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the particular supplier’s yield has matured
or manufacturing capacity has increased. Continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected if those suppliers decide to
concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet our unique requirements. If the supply of a key single-sourced
component for a new or existing product were delayed or constrained, if such components were available only at significantly higher prices, or if a key
manufacturing vendor delayed shipments of completed products to us, then our ﬁnancial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.
20