Table,of,C,ontents
A significant challenge we face is our ability to manage dependence on a small number of vertical markets, including some that are driven by government
policies and subsidy programs. The markets may decline or experience slower rates of growth when there are changes or delays in government policies and subsidy
programs. For example, a large portion of our current ultracapacitor business is concentrated in the Chinese hybrid transit bus and wind energy markets, which are
heavily dependent on government regulation and subsidy programs. The Chinese government has provided subsidy programs, that vary year to year, targeting plug
in hybrid diesel-electric buses. For 2016, the Chinese government renewed the subsidy program which provided subsidies for large plug in hybrid diesel-electric
buses, but at a reduced reimbursement rate. and put into place a new subsidy program for medium plug in hybrid diesel-electric buses. However, it is unclear if bus
OEM’s in China will adopt ultracapacitor based plug in hybrid diesel-electric designs for this class of bus. Also in 2016, the Chinese government proposed a new
registration requirement for energy storage manufacturers who sell into the automotive and heavy tranSportation markets, requiring localization of manufacturing,
and released an updated subsidy program for 2017. In 2017, the subsidies offered will require a manufacturer to be registered in order for its customers, who are
ultimately building the buses, to qualify for the subsidy, thereby injecting some uncertainty as to whether our customers will be able to capture the benefit of this
new program while determining which manufacturers will be able to comply with the proposed registration requirement. For 2017 and beyond, we may continue to
see variability in revenue as a result of uncertainty regarding how these changes and potential changes to the China government subsidy will impact our sales into
the hybrid transit vehicle market. In January 2017, to ensure Maxwell products are fully localized in support of the recent China government requirements,
Maxwell licensed its module designs targeting the China bus market to CRRC-SRI, who will exclusively use Maxwell’s 2.7-volt and 3-volt ultracapacitor cells in
local production lines to manufacture the modules. In addition, Maxwell will continue to leverage its long-standing expertise in the China bus market to jointly
design additional, next-generation products, which CRRC-SRI will manufacture in the years to come.
We have also begun to experience significant pricing pressure for ultracapacitors in the Chinese hybrid transit vehicle market and wind energy market, which
have historically represented a significant portion of our sales, as a result of other market factors in addition to the government subsidy programs referenced above.
In order to remain competitive, we may be required to lower our prices, maintain a stronger local presence, or provide more favorable sales terms to our customers.
We remain focused on reducing the cost of producing our ultracapacitors in order to offset in part the lower prices we are now offering in this particular market.
However, in the short-term, our cost reduction efforts are not expected to fully offset the impact of these lower prices.
Although we believe the long-term prospects for the automotive, wind and hybrid transit markets remain positive, we are pursuing growth opportunities for
our products in other vertical markets, including applications for backup power, power quality, rail, grid and heavy vehicle engine starting in order to further
diversify our market presence and augment our long-term growth prospects.
Other significant risks and challenges we face include the ability to achieve proﬁtability; the ability to develop our management team, product development
infrastructure and manufacturing capacity to facilitate growth; competing technologies that may capture market share and interfere with our planned growth;
difficulties in executing our restructuring plan; and hiring, developing and retaining key personnel critical to the execution of our strategy. We will be attentive to
these risks and will focus on developing new products and promoting the value proposition of our products versus competing technologies and trying to grow our
revenue and profit in the years to come.
32