2016, we did not have any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and our
internal control over financial reporting was effective.
Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte &
Touche LLP, on our internal control over financial reporting is included after the next paragraph.
(c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our fourth fiscal quarter
ended February 27, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting.
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Rite Aid Corporation
Camp Hill, Pennsylvania
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Rite Aid Corporation and
subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of February 27, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal
Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. As described in Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial
reporting at EnvisionRx, which was acquired on June 24, 2015 and whose financial statements
constitute approximately 26%, 13%, and 13%, of total assets, total revenue and net income,
respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended
February 27, 2016. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting
at EnvisionRx. The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained
in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the
supervision of, the company’s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing
similar functions, and effected by the company’s board of directors, management, and other personnel
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
67