At the same time, helping our patients take their medications as prescribed continues to be a
critical opportunity to improve their health and wellness while also lowering healthcare costs by
avoiding illnesses and hospital visits. To support our ongoing efforts, in fiscal 2016 we launched One
Trips Refills, which allows our patients to refill all of their monthly maintenance medications by making
a single trip to the pharmacy. The program has been well received by our patients, and when combined
with our existing services to send alerts via text message, e-mail or phone when a prescription is ready
to be picked up, it creates a more patient-friendly experience for our Rite Aid customers.
An important part of our retail healthcare strategy continues to be finding ways to integrate our
expanded suite of healthcare assets with our base of conveniently located retail pharmacies to deliver a
higher level of care and service in our communities. This includes leveraging our store base and the
capabilities of EnvisionRx in our efforts to create compelling pharmacy offerings across retail, specialty
and mail-order channels; deliver cost-effective solutions to employers and health plans; and drive
growth. When combined with Rite Aid’s retail platform, EnvisionRx’s comprehensive suite of services
allows Rite Aid to provide additional value and broader choice to customers, patients and payors and
will better position us to meet their needs.
Our Pharmacy Services segment’s business strategy centers on providing innovative pharmaceutical
solutions and quality client service in order to help improve clinical outcomes for our clients’ plan
members while assisting our clients and their plan members in better managing overall health care
costs. Our clients are primarily employers, insurance companies, unions, government employee groups,
health plans, Managed Medicaid plans, Medicare plans, and other sponsors of health benefit plans, and
individuals throughout the United States. Our goal is to produce superior results for our clients and
their plan members by leveraging our expertise in core PBM services, including: plan design offerings
and administration, formulary management, Medicare Part D services, mail order, specialty pharmacy
services, retail pharmacy network management services, clinical services, disease management services,
and other spend management.
RediClinic also represents a key component of our efforts to expand Rite Aid’s retail healthcare
offering. As of February 27, 2016, we had 43 RediClinics operating in Rite Aid stores throughout the
Philadelphia, Seattle and Baltimore/Washington, D.C. markets. Including our locations in Texas, we
operated a total of 78 RediClinics at the end of fiscal 2016 compared to 55 at the end of the previous
fiscal year.
In addition, we continue to leverage the coaching capabilities of Health Dialog to support the
innovative Rite Aid Health Alliance program. Through Rite Aid Health Alliance, we partner with local
physicians and support patients with chronic conditions in achieving positive health outcomes.
Participating physicians recommend our program to patients with one or more chronic conditions such
as congestive heart failure, COPD, high cholesterol and diabetes. Once a patient enrolls, Rite Aid
pharmacists and specially trained in-store care coaches, which are provided by Health Dialog, work with
the physician to create a personalized health care action plan and engage with the patient between
physician visits to support the patient in implementing the plan and improving overall health. As of
February 27, 2016, the Rite Aid Health Alliance program included partnerships with eight medical
practices.
wellness+ with Plenti—Since the launch of wellness+ in April 2010, this free loyalty program has
provided customers and patients with the opportunity to earn significant discounts and wellness rewards
in return for being loyal Rite Aid shoppers. Enrolled members earn rewards based on the accumulation
of points for certain front-end and prescription purchases. The program has been well received by Rite
Aid customers and continues to provide significant value to members earning enough points to reach
the Gold, Silver or Bronze tier levels. Gold members, for example, receive a tiered discount of
20-percent off most items in the store for an entire year. In addition, all wellness+ members receive
exclusive sale pricing and wellness rewards.
8