REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Rite Aid Corporation
Camp Hill, Pennsylvania
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Rite Aid Corporation and
subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of February 27, 2016 and February 28, 2015, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity (deficit), and cash
ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended February 27, 2016. Our audits also included the
financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2). These financial statements and
financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An
audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Rite Aid Corporation and subsidiaries as of February 27, 2016 and February 28,
2015, and the results of their operations and their cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period
ended February 27, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation
to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects,
the information set forth therein.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of
February 27, 2016, based on the criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report
dated April 25, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting.
/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
April 25, 2016
77