the economy on a national level. A continued softening or slow recovery in consumer spending may
adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations. Reduced revenues as a result of
decreased consumer spending may also reduce our liquidity and otherwise hinder our ability to
implement our long term strategy.
We are highly leveraged. Our substantial indebtedness could limit cash ﬂow available for our operations and
could adversely aﬁect our ability to service debt or obtain additional ﬁnancing if necessary.
We had, as of February 27, 2016, $7.0 billion of outstanding indebtedness and stockholders’ equity
of $581.4 million. We also had additional borrowing capacity under our $3.7 billion amended and
restated senior secured revolving credit facility (the “Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit
Facility” or “revolver”) of $1,530.7 million, net of outstanding letters of credit of $69.3 million. Our
earnings were sufficient to cover fixed charges for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 by $278.2 million,
$426.7 million and $233.4 million, respectively. However, our earnings were insufficient to cover fixed
charges and preferred stock dividends for fiscal 2013 and 2012 by $14.0 million and $412.4 million,
respectively.
Our high level of indebtedness will continue to restrict our operations. Among other things, our
indebtedness will:
0 limit our ﬂexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the markets in which we compete;
° place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors with less indebtedness;
° render us more vulnerable to general adverse economic, regulatory and industry conditions; and
° require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash ﬂow to service our debt.
Our ability to meet our cash requirements, including our debt service obligations, is dependent
upon our ability to maintain our operating performance, which will be subject to general economic and
competitive conditions and to financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our
control. We cannot provide assurance that our business will generate sufficient cash ﬂow from
operations to fund our cash requirements and debt service obligations.
We believe we have adequate sources of liquidity to meet our anticipated requirements for working
capital, debt service and capital expenditures through fiscal 2017 and have no significant debt maturities
prior to January 2020. However, if our operating results, cash ﬂow or capital resources prove
inadequate, or if interest rates rise significantly, we could face liquidity constraints. If we are unable to
service our debt or experience a significant reduction in our liquidity, we could be forced to reduce or
delay planned capital expenditures and other initiatives, sell assets, restructure or refinance our debt or
seek additional equity capital, and we may be unable to take any of these actions on satisfactory terms
or in a timely manner. Further, any of these actions may not be sufficient to allow us to service our
debt obligations or may have an adverse impact on our business. Our existing debt agreements limit
our ability to take certain of these actions. Our failure to generate sufficient operating cash ﬂow to pay
our debts or refinance our indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on us.
Borrowings under our senior secured credit facility are based upon variable rates of interest, which could
result in higher expense in the event of increases in interest rates.
As of February 27, 2016, $3.0 billion of our outstanding indebtedness bore interest at a rate that
varies depending upon the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”). Borrowings under our Second
Lien facilities Tranche 1 Term Loan due August 2020 (the “Tranche 1 Term Loan”) and Tranche 2
Term Loan due June 2021 (the “Tranche 2 Term Loan”) are subject to a minimum LIBOR ﬂoor of 100
basis points. Borrowings under our Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility are most
sensitive because they are not subject to a minimum LIBOR ﬂoor. If LIBOR rises, the interest rates on
16