RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended February 27, 2016, February 28, 2015 and March 1, 2014
(In thousands, except per share amounts)
11. Property, Plant and Equipment (Continued)
Depreciation expense, which included the depreciation of assets recorded under capital leases, was
$322,396, $298,523 and $284,603 in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Included in property, plant and equipment was the carrying amount, which approximates fair value,
of assets to be disposed of totaling $3,256 and $6,317 at February 27, 2016 and February 28, 2015,
respectively.
12. Goodwill and Other Intangibles
Goodwill and indefinitely-lived assets, such as certain trademarks acquired in connection with
acquisition transactions, are not amortized, but is instead evaluated for impairment on an annual basis
at the end of the fiscal year, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that impairment
may be more likely. When evaluating goodwill for possible impairment, the Company performs a
qualitative assessment in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year to determine if it is more likely than not
that the carrying value of the goodwill exceeds the fair value of the goodwill. During the Company’s
qualitative assessment it makes significant estimates, assumptions, and judgments, including, but not
limited to, the overall economy, industry and market conditions, financial performance of the Company,
changes in the Company’s share price, and forecasts of revenue, profit, working capital requirements,
and cash ﬂows. The Company considers its two reporting units’, the Retail Pharmacy segment and the
Pharmacy Services segment, historical results and operating trends when determining these
assumptions. If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of the
goodwill exceeds the fair value of the goodwill, it performs the first step of the impairment process,
which compares the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount, including the goodwill. The
Company estimates the fair value of its reporting units using a combination of a future discounted cash
ﬂow valuation model and a comparable market transaction model. If the carrying value of a reporting
unit exceeds the fair value, the second step of the impairment process is performed and the implied
fair value of a reporting unit is compared to the carrying amount of the goodwill. The implied fair
value of the goodwill is determined the same way as the goodwill recognized in a business combination.
The Company assigns the fair value of a reporting unit to all of the assets and liabilities of that unit
(including unrecognized intangible assets) and any excess goes to the goodwill (its implied fair value).
Any excess carrying amount of the goodwill over the implied fair value of the goodwill, is the amount
of the impairment loss recognized.
In the fiscal fourth quarter the Company completed a qualitative goodwill impairment assessment,
and after evaluating the results, events and circumstances of the reporting units, the Company
concluded that sufficient evidence existed to assert qualitatively that it is more likely than not that the
fair values of the reporting units exceeded their carrying values. Therefore, a two- step impairment
assessment was not necessary and no goodwill impairment charge was assessed for the fiscal years
ended February 27, 2016 and February 28, 2015.
116