RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended February 27, 2016, February 28, 2015 and March 1, 2014
(In thousands, except per share amounts)
21. Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees (Continued)
denied at a hearing held on January 5, 2016. On March 11, 2016, the Court granted the plaintiffs’
notice and proposed order voluntarily dismissing the Consolidated Action as moot, while retaining
jurisdiction solely for the purpose of adjudicating plaintiffs’ counsel’s anticipated application for an
award of attorneys’ fees and reimbursement of expenses. On April 15, 2016, the Company reached a
settlement in principle related to this matter for an immaterial amount.
A tenth action was filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania
(the Pennsylvania District Court), asserting a claim for violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act
and SEC Rule 14a-9 against all defendants and a claim for violations of Section 20(a) of the Exchange
Act against the Individual Defendants and WBA (Herring v. Rite Aid Com, et al.). The Herring
complaint alleges, among other things, that Rite Aid and its Board of Directors disseminated an
allegedly false and materially misleading proxy. The complaint sought to enjoin the shareholder vote on
the proposed Merger, a declaration that the proxy was materially false and misleading in violation of
federal securities laws, and an award of money damages and attorneys’ and experts’ fees. On
January 14 and 16, 2016, respectively, the plaintiff in the Herring action filed a motion for preliminary
injunction and a motion for expedited discovery. On January 21, 2016, the Rite Aid Defendants filed a
motion to dismiss the Herring complaint. At a hearing held on January 25, 2016, the Pennsylvania
District Court orally denied the plaintiff’s motion for expedited discovery and subsequently denied the
plaintiff’s motion for preliminary injunction on January 28, 2016. On March 14, 2016, the Pennsylvania
District Court appointed Jerry Herring, Don Michael Hussey and Joanna Pauli Hussey as lead plaintiffs
for the putative class and approved their selection of Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP as lead
counsel. On April 14, 2016, the Pennsylvania District Court granted the plaintiffs’ unopposed motion to
stay the Herring action for all purposes pending consummation of the Merger.
The Company has been named in a collective and class action lawsuit, Indergit v. Rite Aid
Corporation et al. pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York,
filed purportedly on behalf of current and former store managers working in the Company’s stores at
various locations around the country. The lawsuit alleges that the Company failed to pay overtime to
store managers as required under the FLSA and under certain New York state statutes. The lawsuit
also seeks other relief, including liquidated damages, punitive damages, attorneys’ fees, costs and
injunctive relief arising out of state and federal claims for overtime pay. On April 2, 2010, the Court
conditionally certified a nationwide collective group of individuals who worked for the Company as
store managers since March 31, 2007. The Court ordered that Notice of the Indergit action be sent to
the purported members of the collective group (approximately 7,000 current and former store
managers) and approximately 1,550 joined the Indergit action. Discovery as to certification issues has
been completed. On September 26, 2013, the Court granted Rule 23 class certification of the New York
store manager claims as to liability only, but denied it as to damages, and denied the Company’s
motion for decertification of the nationwide collective action claims. The Company filed a motion
seeking reconsideration of the Court’s September 26, 2013 decision which motion was denied in June
2014. The Company subsequently filed a petition for an interlocutory appeal of the Court’s
September 26, 2013 ruling with the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit which petition was
denied in September 2014. Notice of the Rule 23 class certification as to liability only has been sent to
approximately 1,750 current and former store managers in the state of New York. Discovery related to
143