BUSINESS OVERVIEW
We are a global leader in the development, manufacture and supply of safety products that protect people and facility
infrastructures. Many MSA products integrate a combination of electronics, mechanical systems and advanced materials to
protect users against hazardous or life-threatening situations. The company's comprehensive product line is used by workers
around the world in a broad range of markets, including the oil, gas and petrochemical, fire service, construction, utilities, and
mining industries. MSA’s core products include fixed gas and ﬂame detection systems, breathing apparatus where SCBA is the
principal product, portable gas detection instruments, industrial head protection products, fire and rescue helmets, and fall
protection devices.We are committed to providing our customers with service unmatched in the safety industry and, in the
process, enhancing our ability to provide a growing line of safety solutions for customers in key global markets.
We tailor our product offerings and distribution strategy to satisfy distinct customer preferences that vary across
geographic regions. To best serve these customer preferences, we have organized our business into six geographical operating
segments that are aggregated into three reportable geographic segments: Americas, International and Corporate. Each segment
includes a number of operating segments. In 2016, 59% and 41% of our net sales were made by our Americas and International
segments, respectively.
Americas. Our largest manufacturing and research and development facilities are located in the United States. We serve
our markets across the Americas with manufacturing facilities in the US, Mexico, Brazil and Canada. Operations in other
Americas segment countries focus primarily on sales and distribution in their respective home country markets.
International. Our International segment includes companies in Europe, Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific region,
some of which are in developing regions of the world. In our largest International affiliates (in Germany, France, United
Kingdom, Ireland and China), we develop, manufacture and sell a wide variety of products. In China, the products
manufactured are sold primarily in the home country as well as regional markets. Operations in other International segment
countries focus primarily on sales and distribution in their respective home country markets. Although some of these
companies may perform limited production, most of their sales are of products manufactured in our plants in Germany, France,
the US, United Kingdom, Ireland, Sweden and China or are purchased from third party vendors.
Corporate. The Corporate segment primarily consists of general and administrative expenses incurred in our corporate
headquarters, costs associated with corporate development initiatives, legal expense, interest expense, foreign exchange gains
or losses, and other centrally-managed costs. Corporate general and administrative costs comprise the majority of the expense
in the Corporate segment. During the year ended December 31, 2016, corporate general and administrative costs were $38.9
million, which included $2.5 million of strategic transaction costs related to mergers and acquisitions. During the year ended
December 31, 2015, corporate general and administrative costs were $38.3 million, which included $7.5 million of strategic
transaction costs related to the Latchways acquisition. During the year ended December 31, 2014, corporate general and
administrative costs were $37.4 million.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Year Ended December 31, 2016 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2015
Net Sales Dollar Percent
(In millions) : 2016 2015 :
[Consolidated Continuing Operations $1,149.5 $1,130.8 $18.7 1.7% J
Americas 678.4 704.8 (26.4) (3.7)%
[International 471.1 426.0 45.1 10.6% 1
Net Sales from continuing operations. Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2016 were $1,149.5 million, an increase of
$18.7 million, from $1,130.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. Organic constant currency sales decreased by 1%
for the year ended December 31, 2016. Please refer to the Net Sales from Continuing Operations table below for a
reconciliation of the year over year sales change.
2 1