- u
Overall, I’m pleased to report that our focus on reducing Under this environment, and consistent with our long-term
product costs and operating expenses allowed us to leverage growth strategy, you can expect MSA to continue making
our 2 percent annual revenue growth into 10 percent adjusted " investr_nents that accelerate proﬁtable growth and improve our
earnings growth. In addition, we took further restructuring steps cost structure. We’ve made signiﬁcant progress in improving
— including a voluntary retirement incentive program and other proﬁtability in a challenging environment, but our work is far
headcount reduction efforts — that are expected to drive an from done. Our transformation into a leaner, more agile and
additional $10 million of cost savings in 2017. ‘ competitive company will continue, without changing our _
enduring commitment to the core values that have deﬁned
While the restructuring programs that we executed over the
_ _ _ MSA for 102 years.
past year were not easy decrsrons, they were appropriate and -
prudent, and have provided the basis for a more streamlined and We made great strides in 2016 toward achieving our strategic
efﬁcient global enterprise moving forward. vision, chieﬂy through our success in creating value and lowering
_ . costs. Because of these efforts, which have been difﬁcult at times,
The start of 201 7 showed Signs that we are perhaps emerging I believe the best is yet to'come for MSA.
from an extended period of slow growth and uncertainty in
a number ofour key market verticals. As an example, we are I want to thank MSA’s shareholders, customers and our channel
gaining momentum ’ partners for your conﬁdenCe in our company and our strategy.
in order pace for Finally, I want to thank the people who are at the heart of our
N TM shorter—cycle personal success — our dedicated associates around the‘world.
7 r r r protection products, ‘ . .
L—l . . Our team is uniﬁed by the beliefthat there is nothing more
© | r r r r® SUCh as.mdusmal head important to MSA’s long—term success than growing our
N ﬂ giggleﬁlofsogiadbgn business, which we know requires developing great products
WWWETHHSPHERECOll/l protection equipment. and providing outstanding customer experiences. _ _ '
7 7 we View these Shorter" Together, we are making it possible for MSA to build an even ‘ ,
CYCle PrOdUCtS as brighter future, as we carry on our missiOn of safety with a focus " .
Madmdemdm leading indicators 0f on innovation and a commitment to creating lasting value for all ,
@mw What's to Come: and I'm MSA stakeholders around the world. . a '
WWW encouraged to see the ' . . '
WESWWW order book responding '
WEQEBQXDW to early signs of > Sincerely, ' _ »
WWW a stronger macro . .
Wm environment. » /7 V V -
Wartime . s w. .
mam We are seeing other
33¢;me positive signs as well, “ '
w such as increasin , , ‘ , -
earned recognition rig counts in the as. Wllham M. Lambert I Z
, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer ‘
’ ’ Oil and gas market, -
and indications " - ._ ‘
that US. drillers are I “ -. I __
ready to increase their capital investment budgets. Demand -_ _
also remains strong in the ﬁre service market, and utilities are ' _
expected to continue investing in capital projects, including grid ‘ ‘
modernization and upgrading an aging infrastructure — activities ' .
that require personal protective equipment. . ' .
While it’s too early to say that we have ofﬁcially emerged from i -
a slower growth environment, I believe the recent uptick in
order pace and these strengthening macro conditions point to
stronger fundamentals for our business in 2017. ' _
This letter includes certain non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures. These ﬁnancial measures include constant currency revenue growth, adjusted operating margin, adjusted earnings and free cash ﬂow conversion. For an explanation of these measures,
togetherwith a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please visit http://investors.MSAsafety.com and click on Quarterly Results (Q4 2016) underthe Financial Information header.
"World’s Most Ethical Companies”and"Ethisphere”names and marks are registered trademarks of Ethisphere LLC.
5