plans. These estimates require our judgment about discount rates used to determine these obligations, expected returns on plan
assets, rates of future compensation increases, rates of increase in future health care costs, participant withdrawal and mortality
rates and participant retirement ages. Differences between our estimates and actual results may significantly affect the cost of
our obligations under these plans and could cause net periodic benefit costs and credits to change materially from year-to-year.
Discount rates and plan asset valuations are point-in-time measures. The discount rate assumptions used in determining
projected beneﬁt obligations are based on published long-term bond indices or a company-specific yield curve model. Expected
returns on plan assets are based on our historical returns by asset class.
Please refer to Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further details on
the funded status of our pension and post-retirement benefit plans.
The following table summarizes the impact of changes in significant actuarial assumptions on our December 31, 2016
actuarial valuations.
Impact of Changes in Actuarial Assumptions
7 Change in Discount Change in Expected Change in Market Value 7
Rate Return of Assets
(In thousands) ’ 1% (1)% ’ ’ 1% (1)% ’ ’ 5% (5)% ’
[ (Decrease) increase in net benefit cost $ (5,906) $ 7,189 $ (4,336) $ 4,340 $ (936) $ 901 J
(Decrease) increase in projected beneﬁt obligation (65,405) 7 8,8 32 — — — —
1 Increase (decrease) in funded status 65,405 (7 8,832) — — 21,663 (21,663)}
Stock Compensation. We sponsor both a Management and a Non-Employee Directors' Equity Incentive plan which
provide for grants of stock options, restricted stock and other equity-based vehicles such as restricted stock units and
performance stock units; all of which are recognized as compensation expense based on grant date fair value. Stock options are
valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Performance stock units that have a market condition are valued on the
grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. We believe these valuation models are appropriate for use based
and are consistent with models used by our peer companies. Please refer to Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in
Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further details on the assumptions used in these valuation models.
Revenue Recognition. Revenue from the sale of products is recognized when title, ownership and the risk of loss have
transferred to the customer, which generally occurs either when product is shipped to the customer or, in the case of most US.
distributor customers, when product is delivered to the distributor's delivery site. We establish our shipping terms according to
local practice and market characteristics. We do not ship product unless we have an order or other documentation authorizing
shipment to our customers. We make appropriate provisions for uncollectible accounts receivable and product returns, both of
which have historically been insignificant in relation to our net sales. Certain distributor customers receive price rebates based
on their level of purchases and other performance criteria that are documented in established distributor programs. These
rebates are accrued as a reduction of net sales as they are earned by the customer.
Goodwill In the fourth quarter of each year, or more ﬁequently if indicators of impairment exist or if a decision is made
to sell a business, we evaluate goodwill for impairment. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an
indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may include a decline in expected cash ﬂows, a significant adverse
change in the business climate, unanticipated competition, slower growth rates, or negative developments in equity and credit
markets, among others.
All goodwill is assigned to and evaluated for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating
segment or one level below an operating segment. For goodwill impairment testing purposes, we consider our operating
segments to be our reporting units. The evaluation of impairment involves using either a qualitative or quantitative approach as
outlined in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 35 0. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to
determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, including
goodwill. Factors considered as part of the qualitative assessment include entity-specific industry, market and general economic
conditions. In 2016, we elected to bypass the qualitative evaluation for all of our reporting units and performed a two-step
quantitative test at October 1, 2016. Quantitative testing involves comparing the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to its
carrying value. We estimate reporting unit fair value using a weighted average of fair values determined by discounted cash
ﬂow (DCF) and market approach methodologies, as we believe both are equally important indicators of fair value. A number of
signiﬁcant assumptions and estimates are involved in the application of the DCF model, including sales volumes and prices,
costs to produce, tax rates, capital spending, discount rates, and working capital changes. Cash ﬂow forecasts are generally
based on approved business unit operating plans for the early years and historical relationships in later years. The betas used in
calculating the individual reporting units’ weighted average cost of capital (WACC) rate are estimated for each reporting unit
32