0 Flame detectors and open-path infrared gas detectors. These instruments are used for plant-wide monitoring of toxic
gases and for detecting the presence of ﬂames. These systems use infrared optics to detect potentially hazardous
conditions across long distances, making them suitable for use in such applications as offshore oil rigs, storage vessels,
refineries, pipelines and ventilation ducts. First used in the oil and gas industry, our systems now have broad
applications in petrochemical facilities, the transportation industry and in pharmaceutical production.
0 The recent acquisition of Senscient, Inc. (Senscientj', a leader in laser-based gas detection technology strengthens
MSA’s leading position in the global market for FGFD systems, represents a key step in the execution of MSA’s Core
Product grth strategy and fast tracks MSA’s new product development efforts in the area of laser-based, open-path
gas detection. Senscient’s innovative technology provides a strong complement to our existing fixed gas and ﬂame
detection portfolio. The technology provides further technical and competitive differentiation to MSA’s fixed gas and
ﬂame detection business.
Breathing apparatus products. Breathing apparatus products include SCBA, face masks and respirators, where SCBA is
the primary product offering. SCBA are used by ﬁrst responders, petrochemical plant workers and anyone entering an
environment deemed immediately dangerous to life and health. Our newest breathing apparatus product, the MSA G1 SCBA,
is an entirely redesigned platform that offers many customizable and differentiated features, including the ﬁrst and only
Integrated Thermal Imaging Camera available on the market. We currently have 6 patents issued and an additional 9 patents
pending for the MSA Gl SCBA. Our strongest sales of breathing apparatus products have historically been in North America,
across Western Europe and in China.
Portable gas detection instruments. Our hand-held portable gas detection instruments are used to detect the presence or
absence of various gases in the air. The product is used by oil, gas and petrochemical workers; general industry workers;
miners; first responders or anyone working in a confined space environment. Typical applications of these instruments include
the detection of an oxygen deficiency in confined spaces or the presence of combustible or toxic gases. Our single- and multi-
gas detectors provide portable solutions for detecting the presence of oxygen, combustible gases and various toxic gases,
including hydrogen sulfide, carbon monoxide, ammonia and chlorine, either singularly or up to six gases at once. Our ALTAIR®
2X Single or Two Gas Detectors; ALTAIR® 4X and ALTAIR® 5X Multigas Detectors with XCell® sensor technology, which
include internally developed sensors, provide faster response times and unsurpassed durability in a tough, easy-to-operate
package. The ALTAIR® 2XP provides users with unique and significant cost of ownership advantages over competitive
oﬂ?erings by giving users the ability to perform their own daily bump test to make sure the instrument is functioning properly.
We sell these instruments in both our Americas and International segments.
Head protection. We offer a complete line of industrial head protection that includes the iconic V-Gard® helmet brand, a
bellwether product in MSA’s portfolio for over 50 years. We offer customers a wide range of color choices and we are a world
leader in the application of customized logos. Our industrial head protection has a wide user base including oil, gas and
petrochemical workers, steel and construction workers, miners and industrial workers. Our Fas-Trac® III Suspension system
was designed to provide comfort for the users of our helmets without sacrificing safety. Our strongest sales of head protection
products have historically been in North America and Brazil.
Fire and rescue helmets. We offer a complete line of fire helmets that includes our Cairns® and Gallet® helmet brands.
Our Cairns helmets are primarily used by firefighters in North America while the Gallet helmets are used by firefighters across
our International segment. Rescue helmets including the F2 X-Trem Brand, are used by military and ﬁrst responders outside of
North America. We sell these products in both our Americas and International segments.
F all protection. Our broad line of fall protection equipment includes confined space equipment, harnesses, fall arrest
equipment, lanyards and lifelines. Fall protection equipment is used by workers in the construction industry, oil, gas and
petrochemical market, utilities industry, aerospace industry, and general industrial applications, and anyone working at height.
In October 2015, MSA acquired UK—based Latchways plc ("Latchways"). This acquisition - complementary ﬂom a product,
geographic and end market standpoint - doubled our fall protection revenue, positioning MSA as one of the largest fall
protection providers globally.
Non-core products. MSA maintains a portfolio of non-core products which includes both adjacent and peripheral
oﬁerings. Adjacent products reinforce and extend the core, drawing upon our customer relationships, distribution channels,
geographical presence and technical experience. These products are complementary to the core offerings and have their roots
within the core product value chain. Key adjacent products include respirators, eye and face protection, thermal imaging
cameras, ballistic helmets, and gas masks. Gas masks and ballistic helmet sales are the primary purchases from our military
customers and were approximately $55 million globally in 2016 compared to $56 million in 2015. Peripheral products are
primarily sold to the mining industry and reﬂect a small portion of consolidated sales.
5