based on peer data. The market approach methodology measures value through an analysis of peer companies. The analysis
entails measuring the multiples of EBITDA at which peer companies are trading.
In the event the estimated fair value of a reporting unit per the weighted average of the DCF and market approach models
is less than the carrying value, additional analysis would be required. The additional analysis would compare the carrying
amount of the reporting unit’s goodwill with the implied fair value of that goodwill, which may involve the use of valuation
experts. The implied fair value of goodwill is the excess of the fair value of the reporting unit over the fair value amounts
assigned to all of the assets and liabilities of that unit as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination and
the fair value of the reporting unit represented the purchase price. If the carrying value of goodwill exceeds its implied fair
value, an impairment loss equal to such excess would be recognized, which could significantly and adversely impact reported
consolidated results of operations and shareholders’ equity. At October 1, 2016, based on our quantitative test, the fair values of
all of our reporting units exceeded their carrying value by at least 40%.
Foreign currency. As part of our currency exchange rate risk management strategy, we enter into certain derivative
foreign currency forward contracts that do not meet the US. GAAP criteria for hedge accounting, but which have the impact of
partially offsetting certain foreign currency exposures. We account for these forward contracts on a full mark-to-market basis
and report the related gains or losses in currency exchange losses (gains) in the consolidated statement of income. Please refer
to Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further details on our current
positions.
RECENTLY ADOPTED AND RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
In April 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-08, Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of an
Entity. This ASU amends the definition of a discontinued operation to include a disposal of a component or group of
components that is disposed of or is classified as held for sale and represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major
effect on an entity's operations and financial results. This ASU was adopted on January 1, 2015. The adoption of this ASU may
have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements in the event that we were to divest of a component that meets the
definition of discontinued operations.
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue with Contracts from Customers. This ASU establishes a single
revenue recognition model for all contracts with customers based on recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reﬂects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services, eliminates industry specific requirements, and expands disclosure requirements. This ASU is
required to be adopted beginning January 1, 2018. Our revenue streams include agreements with distributors, agreements with
end users and agreements with governmental entities. The Company continues to evaluate the impact that the adoption of this
ASU will have on the consolidated financial statements, including the timing of revenue recognition associated with certain
customized products. We have conducted a risk assessment and have worked with outside consultants to develop a transition
plan that will enable us to meet the implementation requirement. We are currently in the process of reviewing and analyzing
contracts. We anticipate using the modified retrospective method of adoption and having enhanced disclosures surrounding
revenue recognition.
In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12, Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award
Provide That a Performance Target Could be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period. This ASU clarifies the accounting
treatment for share based payment awards that contain performance targets. This ASU was adopted on January 1, 2016. The
adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern. This ASU
clarifies management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is a substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a
going concern and provides guidance for related footnote disclosures. This ASU is effective for the annual period ending
December 31, 2016. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01, Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items. This ASU
eliminates the requirement to separately present and disclose extraordinary and unusual items in the ﬁnancial statements. This
ASU was adopted on January 1, 2016. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial
statements.
In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02, Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis. This ASU changes the
analysis that an entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. This ASU was
adopted on January 1, 2016. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
33