We believe another important aspect of our approach to new product development is that our engineers and technical
associates work closely with the safety industry’s leading standards-setting groups and trade associations. These organizations
include the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health ("NIOSH"), the National Fire Protection Association
("NFPA"), American National Standards Institute ("ANSI"), International Safety Equipment Association ("ISEA"), and their
overseas counterparts. We work with these organizations to develop industry specific product requirements and standards and
anticipate their impact on our product lines. Key members of our management team understand the impact that these standard-
setting organizations have on our new product development pipeline. As such, management devotes significant time and
attention to anticipating a new standard’s impact on our sales and operating results. Because of our understanding of customer
needs, membership on global standard-setting bodies, investment in research and development and our unique new product
development process, we believe we are well-positioned to anticipate and adapt to changing product standards. While we
acknowledge that the length of the approval process can be unpredictable, we also believe that we are well positioned to gain
the approvals and certifications necessary to meet new government and multinational product regulations.
Patents and Intellectual Property—We own significant intellectual property, including a number of domestic and foreign
patents, patent applications and trademarks related to our products, processes and business. Although our intellectual property
plays an important role in maintaining our competitive position in a number of markets that we serve, no single patent, or patent
application, trademark or license is, in our opinion, of such value to us that our business would be materially affected by the
expiration or termination thereof, other than the “MSA” trademark. Our patents expire at various times in the future not
exceeding 20 years. Our general policy is to apply for patents on an ongoing basis in the United States and other countries, as
appr0priate, to perfect our patent development. In addition to our patents, we have also developed or acquired a substantial
body of manufacturing know-how that we believe provides a significant competitive advantage over our competitors.
Raw Materials and Suppliers—Many of the components of our products are formulated, machined, tooled or molded in-
house from raw materials, which comprise approximately two thirds of our cost of sales. For example, we rely on integrated
manufacturing capabilities for breathing apparatus, gas masks, ballistic helmets, hard hats and circuit boards. The primary raw
materials that we source from third parties include rubber, high density polyethylene, chemical ﬁlter media, eye and face
protective lenses, air cylinders, certain metals, electronic components and ballistic resistant and non-ballistic fabrics. We
purchase these materials both domestically and internationally, and we believe our supply sources are both well established and
reliable. We have close vendor relationship programs with the majority of our key raw material suppliers. Although we
generally do not have long-term supply contracts, thus far we have not experienced any significant problems in obtaining
adequate raw materials. Please refer to MSA’s Form SD filed on May 31, 2016 for further information on our conﬂict minerals
analysis. Form SD may be obtained free of charge at www.sec. gov.
Associates—At December 31, 2016, we employed approximately 4,300 associates of which 2,000 were employed by our
International segment. None of our US. associates are subject to the provisions of a collective bargaining agreement. Some of
our associates outside the United States are members of unions. We have not experienced a significant work stoppage in over
10 years and believe our relations with our associates are strong.
Environmental Matters— Our facilities and operations are subject to laws and regulations relating to environmental
protection and human health and safety. In the opinion of management, compliance with current environmental protection laws
will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, for further information regarding
our environmental risks which could impact the Company.
Seasonality— Our operating results are not significantly affected by seasonal factors. Sales are generally higher during
the second and fourth quarters. During periods of economic expansion or contraction and following significant catastrophes,
our sales by quarter have varied ﬁom this seasonal pattern. Government related sales tend to spike in the fourth quarter.
Americas sales tend to be strong during the oil and gas market turnaround seasons late in the first quarter, early in the second
quarter and then again at the end of the third quarter and beginning of the fourth quarter. International segment sales are
typically weaker for the Europe region in the summer holiday months of July and August and seasonality can be strongly
affected by the timing of delivery of larger orders. Invoicing and the delivery of larger orders can affect sales patterns variably
across all reporting segments.
7