Income taxes. Our effective tax rate from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 was 40.0% compared to
32.3% for the year ended December 31, 2014. The effective tax rate for December 31, 2015 included 6.9% associated with exit
taxes related to our European reorganization. The remaining effective tax rate increase was primarily due to non-deductible
losses in certain foreign jurisdictions.
Net income from continuing operations attributable to MSA Safety Incorporated. Net income from continuing operations was
$69.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, or $1.84 per diluted share, a decrease of $17.8 million, or 20%, compared
to $87.4 million, or $2.30 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2014 as a result of the factors described above.
Net income from discontinued operations attributable to MSA Safety Incorporated. Net income from discontinued operations
was $1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, or $0.03 per diluted share, compared to net income of $1.1 million, or
$0.03 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2014. Please refer to Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
Non-GAAP Financial Information
We may provide information regarding organic constant currency changes, financial measures excluding the impact of
acquisitions, and adjusted operating income, which are not recognized terms under US. GAAP and do not purport to be
alternatives to net sales, selling, general and administrative expense, operating income, or net income as a measure of operating
performance. We believe that the use of these non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with additional useful
information and provide a more complete understanding of the underlying results. Because not all companies use identical
calculations, these presentations may not be comparable to similarly titled measures from other companies. For more
information about these non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation to the nearest GAAP measure, please refer to the
reconciliations referenced above in Management's Discussion & Analysis section and in Note 7 to the consolidated financial
statements In Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
We also refer to certain financial measures on a constant currency basis, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. These
references to a constant currency basis do not include operational impacts that could result from ﬂuctuations in foreign currency
rates, which are outside of management's control. To provide information on a constant currency basis, the applicable financial
results are adjusted by translating current and prior period results in local currency to a ﬁxed foreign exchange rate. This
approach is used for countries where the functional currency is the local country currency. This information is provided so that
certain financial results can be viewed without the impact of ﬂuctuations in foreign currency rates, thereby facilitating period-
to-period comparisons of business performance. Constant currency information is not recognized under US. GAAP, and it is
not intended as an alternative to US. GAAP measures.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
Our main source of liquidity is operating cash ﬂows, supplemented by borrowings. Our principal liquidity requirements
are for working capital, capital expenditures, principal and interest payments on debt, dividend payments, and acquisitions. At
December 31, 2016, approximately 51% of our long-term debt is at fixed interest rates with repayment schedules through 2031.
The remainder of our long-term debt is at variable rates on an unsecured revolving credit facility that is due in 2020.
Approximately 80% of our borrowings are denominated in US dollars, which limits our exposure to currency exchange rate
ﬂuctuations.
At December 31, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $113.8 million, of which $106.9 million was held by
our foreign subsidiaries. The $106.9 million of cash and cash equivalents are held by our foreign subsidiaries whose earnings
are considered indefinitely reinvested at December 31, 2016. These funds could be subject to additional income taxes if
repatriated. It is not practical to determine the potential income tax liability that we would incur if these funds were repatriated
to the US. because the time and manner of repatriation is uncertain. We believe that domestic cash and cash equivalents,
domestic cash ﬂows from operations, annual repatriation of a portion of the current period's foreign earnings, and the
availability of our domestic line of credit are sufficient to fund our domestic liquidity requirements. Cash and cash equivalents
increased $7.8 million during the year ended December 3 l, 2016, compared to an decrease of $0.1 million during 2015 and an
increase of $9.7 million during 2014.
27