Note 13—Acquisitions
Acquisition of Senscient, Inc.
On September 19, 2016, we acquired 100% of the common stock of Senscient, Inc. ("Senscient") for $19.1 million in
cash. There is no contingent consideration. Senscient, which is headquartered in the UK, is a leader in laser-based gas detection
technology. The acquisition of Senscient expands and enhances MSA’s technology offerings in the global market for fixed gas
and ﬂame detection systems, as the Company continues to execute its core product growth strategy. The acquisition was
funded through borrowings on our unsecured senior revolving credit facility.
The following table summarizes the preliminary fair values of the Senscient assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the
date of acquisition:
September 19,
(In millions) 7 :
[Current assets (including cash of $0.7 million) $ 5.9 [
Property, plant and equipment and other noncurrent assets 0.3
[Acquired technology 1.6 [
Customer-related intangibles 2. 8
[Goodwill f 10.5 [
Total assets acquired 21.1
[Total liabilities assumed 7 2.0 [
Net assets acquired $ 19.1
The amounts in the table above are subject to change as we complete our valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed. This valuation is expected to be completed by mid-2017.
Acquisition of Latchways
On October 21, 2015, MSA Safety Incorporated acquired Latchways plc and its affiliated companies, Latchways Australia
Pty Limited ("LA"), Latchways Inc. ("LI"), HCL Group Plc ("HCL"), Height Solutions Limited ("HSL"), and Sigma 6 d.o.o.
('Sigma 6"), collectively referred to as ("Latchways"), for $190.9 million. There is no contingent consideration.
The acquisition was funded through cash on hand and borrowings on our $125.0 million unsecured senior revolving credit
facility.
Latchways is a global provider of innovative fall protection systems based in the United Kingdom. Latchways solutions
are found throughout the aerospace, power transmission, utility and telecommunication sectors, and Latchways products are
integrated with major roofing and tower systems. In addition to providing us with greater access to the fall protection market,
we believe that the acquisition significantly enhances our long-term corporate strategy in fall protection by providing us with
world-class research and development talent and an industry-leading product line. While Latchways products will be sold
globally, its operations will most significantly impact our International reportable segment.
The following table summarizes the preliminary fair values of the Latchways assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the
date of acquisition:
October 21,
(In millions) : 2015 :
[Current assets (including cash of $10.6 million) $ 35.7 J
Property, plant and equipment 9.5
[Trade name and acquired technology 14.6 [
Customer-related intangibles 53 .0
[Goodwill f 98.0 [
Total assets acquired 210.8
[Total liabilities assumed 7 19.9 [
Net assets acquired :$ 190.9 :
66