CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with US. generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the related disclosures. We evaluate these estimates and judgments on
an on-going basis based on historical experience and various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the
circumstances. However, diﬁerent amounts could be reported if we had used diﬁerent assumptions and in light of different facts
and circumstances. Actual amounts could differ from the estimates and judgments reﬂected in our consolidated financial
statements. A summary of the Company's significant accounting policies is included in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
We believe that the following are the more critical judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements.
Accounting for contingencies. We accrue for contingencies when we believe that it is probable that a liability or loss has
been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Contingencies relate to uncertainties that require our judgment both
in assessing whether or not a liability or loss has been incurred and in estimating the amount of the probable loss. Significant
contingencies affecting our consolidated financial statements include pending or threatened litigation, including product
liability claims and product warranties.
Product liability. We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims arising ﬁom the alleged failure
of our products to prevent the types of personal injury or death against which they are designed to protect. The Company
categorizes the product liability losses of its subsidiary MSA LLC into two main categories: single incident and cumulative
trauma.
Single incident claims. Single incident product liability claims involve incidents of short duration that are typically
known to us when they occur and involve observable injuries, which provide an objective basis for quantifying damages. MSA
LLC estimates its liability for single incident product liability claims based on expected settlement costs for reported claims and
an estimate of costs for unreported claims (claims incurred but not reported or IBNR). The estimate for IBNR claims is based
on experience, sales volumes, and other relevant information. The reserve for single incident product liability claims, which
includes reported and IBNR claims, was $3.4 million at December 31, 2016 and $3.5 million at December 31, 2015. Single
incident product liability expense during the year ended December 31, 2016 was $0.8 million and was $0.9 million for the year
ended December 31, 2015. Single incident product liability exposures are evaluated on an annual basis, or more frequently if
changing circumstances warrant. Adjustments are made to the reserve as apprOpriate.
Cumulative trauma claims. Cumulative trauma product liability claims involve exposures to harmful substances (e. g.,
silica, asbestos and coal dust) that occurred many years ago and may have developed over long periods of time into diseases
such as silicosis, asbestosis, mesothelioma, or coal worker ’s pneumoconiosis. MSA LLC is presently named as a defendant in
1,794 lawsuits comprised of 3,023 claims. These lawsuits mainly involve respiratory protection products allegedly
manufactured and sold by MSA LLC or its predecessors. The products at issue were manufactured many years ago and are not
currently oﬁered by MSA LLC. Although there is year over year variability in the number and quality of claims defended and
resolved, MSA LLC’s aggregate spend for cumulative trauma product liability claims (inclusive of settlements and defense
costs) for the three years ended December 31, 2016, totaled approximately $150.9 million, substantially all of which was
recorded as insurance receivables because the amounts are believed to be recoverable under insurance.
More than half of the open lawsuits at December 31, 2016 have had a de minimis level of activity over the last 5 years. It
is possible that these cases could become active again at any time due to changes in circumstances.
Management works with its outside valuation consultant and outside legal counsel to review its cumulative trauma
product liability exposure on an annual basis, or more frequently if changing circumstances or developments in existing cases
make an interim review apprOpriate. The review process takes into account the number and composition of pending claims,
outcomes of matters resolved during current and prior periods, and variances associated with different plaintiffs’ counsel and
venues, as well as other information known about the current docket.
Cumulative trauma product liability litigation is inherently unpredictable. Factors that can limit our ability to estimate
potential liability include the lack of claims experience with applicable plaintiffs’ counsel, as claims experience can vary
significantly among different counsel, low volume of resolution, lack of confidence with the consistency of claims composition,
or other factors. With respect to the risk associated with any particular case, it has typically not been until very late in the legal
process that it can be reasonably determined whether it is probable that any such case will ultimately result in a liability. This
uncertainty is caused by many factors, including consideration of the applicable statute of limitations, the sufficiency of product
30