PART I
Item 1. Business
Overview—MSA was founded in Pennsylvania in 1914. We are a global leader in the development, manufacture and
supply of safety products that protect people and facility infrastructures. Our safety products typically integrate a combination
of electronics, mechanical systems and advanced materials to protect users against hazardous or life threatening situations. Our
comprehensive line of safety products is used by workers around the world in a broad range of markets including the oil, gas
and petrochemical, fire service, construction, utilities, and mining industries. We also sell products designed for specific
industrial and military applications. The company's core products include ﬁxed gas and ﬂame detection systems, breathing
apparatus where self-contained breathing apparatus ("SCBA") is the principal product, portable gas detection instruments,
industrial head protection products, fire and rescue helmets, and fall protection devices.
We dedicate significant resources to research and development, which allows us to produce innovative safety products
that are often first to market and exceed industry standards. Our global product development teams include cross-geographic
and cross-functional members from throughout the company, including research and development, marketing, sales, operations
and quality management. Our engineers and technical associates work closely with the safety industry’s leading standards-
setting groups and trade associations to develop industry specific product requirements and standards and to anticipate their
impact on our product lines.
Segments—We tailor our product offerings and distribution strategy to satisfy distinct customer preferences that vary
across geographic regions. To best serve these customer preferences, we have organized our business into six geographic
operating segments that are aggregated into three reportable geographic segments: Americas, International and Corporate.
Segment information is presented in the note entitled “Segment Information” in Item 8—Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data.
Because our financial statements are stated in US. dollars and much of our business is conducted outside the US,
currency ﬂuctuations may affect our results of operations and financial position and may aﬁect the comparability of our results
between financial periods.
Products—We manufacture and sell a comprehensive line of safety products to protect the safety of workers and facility
infrastructures around the world in the oil, gas and petrochemical, fire service, construction, utilities, and mining industries. We
also sell products designed for specific industrial and military applications. Our products protect people against a wide variety
of hazardous or life-threatening situations.
The following is a brief description of each of our product categories:
Core products. MSA's corporate strategy includes a focus on driving sales of core products, which have leading market
positions and a competitive advantage. Core products, as mentioned above, include fixed gas and ﬂame detection systems,
breathing apparatus where SCBA is the principal product, portable gas detection instruments, industrial head protection
products, fire and rescue helmets, and fall protection devices. These products receive the highest levels of investment and
resources as they typically realize a higher gross profit margin and provide higher levels of return on investment than non-core
products. Core products comprised approximately 82% of sales in both 2016 and 2015.
The following is a brief description of our core product offerings:
Fixed gas and ﬂame detection instruments (FGFDJC Our permanently installed fixed gas and ﬂame detection instruments
are used in oil, gas and petrochemical facilities and general industrial production facilities to detect the presence or absence of
various gases in the air. Typical applications of these instruments include the detection of an oxygen deficiency in confined
spaces or the presence of combustible or toxic gases. FGFD product lines have a meaningful portion of overall revenue
generated from recurring business including replacement components and related service. A portion of business from this
product line is project oriented and more associated with upstream exploration and production activity. We sell these
instruments in both our Americas and International segments. Key products include:
0 Multi-point permanently installed gas detection systems. This product line is used to monitor for combustible and toxic
gases and oxygen deficiency in virtually any application where continuous monitoring is required. Our systems are
used for gas detection in petrochemical, pulp and paper, wastewater, refrigerant monitoring, and general industrial
applications. These systems utilize a wide array of sensing technologies including electrochemical, catalytic, infrared
and ultrasonic.
4