Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Management’s Reports to Shareholders
Management’s Report on Responsibility for Financial Reporting
Management of MSA Safety Incorporated (the Company) is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated ﬁnancial
statements included in this annual report. The consolidated ﬁnancial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America and include amounts that are based on the best estimates and
judgments of management. The other financial information contained in this annual report is consistent with the consolidated
financial statements.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The
Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles.
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect transactions and dispositions of assets; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on our
financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2016. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment and those criteria,
management has concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
20 16.
Management has excluded Senscient, Inc. (Senscient) from its assessment of internal controls over ﬁnancial reporting as
of December 31, 2016 because the Company acquired Senscient effective September 19, 2016 (Acquisition Date), whose total
assets represents 3%, and net loss represents 1%, and whose customer revenues represents less than 0.5% of the related
consolidated financial statement amounts as of December 31, 2016 and from the period from the acquisition date through
December 31, 2016.
The Company's independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included
in this annual report issued an attestation report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
/s/ WILLIAM M. LAMBERT
’ William M. Lambert 7
Chief Executive Ofﬁcer
/s/ KENNETH D. KRAUSE
7 Kenneth D. Krause 7
Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
February 28, 2017
37