The purchase price allocation was finalized in the 2016 third quarter and did not result in any adjustments to the
preliminary fair values.
Assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with both acquisitions have been recorded at their fair values. Fair
values were determined by management, based, in part on an independent valuation performed by a third party valuation
specialist. The valuation methods used to determine the fair value of intangible assets included the excess earnings approach for
all customer relationships and Latchways technology related intangible assets; the relief from royalty method for the Latchways
trade name and Senscient technology related intangible assets; and the cost method for assembled workforce which is included
in goodwill for both acquisitions. A number of significant assumptions and estimates were involved in the application of these
valuation methods, including sales volumes and prices, costs to produce, tax rates, capital spending, discount rates, and working
capital changes. Cash ﬂow forecasts were generally based on Latchways and Senscient pre-acquisition forecasts coupled with
estimated MSA sales synergies. Identifiable intangible assets with finite lives are subject to amortization over their estimated
useful lives. The identifiable intangible assets acquired in the Latchways transaction will be amortized over an estimated
amortization period of 15 years. The identifiable intangible assets for Senscient include technology and customer-related
intangibles which will be amortized over ten and five years, respectively. Estimated future amortization expense related to
Latchways and Senscient identifiable intangible assets is approximately $4.5 million and $0.7 million, respectively, in each of
the next five years. A step up to fair value of acquired inventory of $1.6 million was recorded as part of the Latchways
purchase price allocation. Amortization expense for inventory step up was $1.4 million in 2016 and the remaining $0.2 million
is expected to be amortized in 2017. Estimated future depreciation expense related to Latchways property, plant and equipment
is approximately $0.9 million in each of the next five years.
Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired and represents the
future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized.
Among the factors that contributed to a purchase price in excess of the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets
acquired were the acquisition of an assembled workforce, the expected synergies and other benefits that we believe will result
from combining the operations of Latchways and Senscient with our operations. Goodwill related to the Latchways acquisition
has been recorded in our reportable segments as follows: $96.6 million in the International segment and $1.4 million in the
Americas segment. Goodwill for Latchways is not expected to be tax deductible. Goodwill of $10.5 million related to the
Senscient acquisition is included in the International operating segment and is deductible for tax purposes.
Our results for the year ended December 31, 2016, include transaction and integration costs of $0.8 million related to the
Senscient acquisition as well as integration costs of $0.5 million ($0.4 million after tax) related to the Latchways acquisition.
Our results for the year ended December 31, 2015, include transaction costs related to the Latchways acquisition of $5.0
million, of which $2.8 million is expected to be non-deductible for tax purposes. Integration costs related to the Latchways
acquisition totaled $2.5 million ($1.6 million after tax). These costs are all reported in selling, general and administrative
expenses.
The operating results of Latchways and Senscient have been included in our consolidated financial statements from the
acquisition date through December 31, 2016. Our results for the year ended December 31, 2016 include Senscient sales of $2.7
million and a net loss of $(1 . 1) million. These results include amortization, primarily related to intangible assets, of $0.2
million. Our results for the year ended December 31, 2015 include Latchways sales and net loss of $10.1 million and ($0.7)
million, respectively.
The following unaudited pro forma information presents our combined results as if both acquisitions had occurred at the
beginning of 2015. The unaudited pro forma financial information was prepared to give effect to events that are (1) directly
attributable to the acquisition; (2) factually supportable; and (3) expected to have a continuing impact on the combined
company’s results. There were no material transactions between MSA and either Latchways or Senscient during the periods
presented that are required to be eliminated. Intercompany transactions between Latchways companies as well as Senscient
companies during the periods presented have been eliminated in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information. The unaudited pro forma financial information does not reﬂect any cost savings, operating synergies or revenue
enhancements that the combined companies may achieve as a result of the acquisitions or the costs to integrate the operations or
the costs necessary to achieve cost savings, operating synergies or revenue enhancements.
67