Cumulative trauma claims. Cumulative trauma product liability claims involve exposures to harmful substances (e.g.,
silica, asbestos and coal dust) that occurred many years ago and may have developed over long periods of time into diseases
such as silicosis, asbestosis, mesothelioma, or coal worker ’s pneumoconiosis. MSA LLC is presently named as a defendant in
1,794 lawsuits comprised of 3,023 claims. These lawsuits mainly involve respiratory protection products allegedly
manufactured and sold by MSA LLC or its predecessors. The products at issue were manufactured many years ago and are not
currently oﬂiered by MSA LLC. Although there is year over year variability in the number and quality of claims defended and
resolved, MSA LLC’s aggregate spend for cumulative trauma product liability claims (inclusive of settlements and defense
costs) for the three years ended December 31, 2016, totaled approximately $15 0.9 million, substantially all of which was
recorded as insurance receivables because the amounts are believed to be recoverable under insurance.
A summary of cumulative trauma product liability lawsuit and pending claims activity follows:
2016 2015 2014
[open lawsuits, January 1 1,988 2,326 2,840 j
New lawsuits 379 340 542
[Settled and dismissed lawsuits (573) (678) (1,056)]l
Open lawsuits, December 31 7 1,794 7 7 1,988 7 7 2,326 7
i 2016 2015 2014 :
[Pending claims, January 1 3,779 5,539 8,941 j
New claims 843 465 542
[Settled and dismissed claims (1,599) (2,225) (3,944)]l
Pending claims, December 31 3,023 3,779 5,539
More than half of the open lawsuits at December 31, 2016 have had a de minimis level of activity over the last 5 years. It
is possible that these cases could become active again at any time due to changes in circumstances.
Management works with its outside valuation consultant and outside legal counsel to review its cumulative trauma
product liability exposure on an annual basis, or more frequently if changing circumstances or developments in existing cases
make an interim review appr0priate. The review process takes into account the number and composition of pending claims,
outcomes of matters resolved during current and prior periods, and variances associated with different plaintiffs’ counsel and
venues as well as other information known about the current docket.
Cumulative trauma product liability litigation is inherently unpredictable. Factors that can limit our ability to estimate
potential liability include the lack of claims experience with applicable plaintiffs’ counsel, as claims experience can vary
significantly among different counsel, low volume of resolution, lack of confidence with the consistency of claims composition,
or other factors. With respect to the risk associated with any particular case, it has typically not been until very late in the legal
process that it can be reasonably determined whether it is probable that any such case will ultimately result in a liability. This
uncertainty is caused by many factors, including consideration of the applicable statute of limitations, the sufficiency of product
identification and other defenses. Complaints generally do not provide information sufficient to determine if a lawsuit will
develop into an actively litigated case. Even when a case is actively litigated, it is often difficult to determine if the lawsuit will
be dismissed or otherwise resolved until late in the lawsuit. Moreover, even if it is probable that such a lawsuit will result in a
loss, it is often difficult to estimate the amount of actual loss that will be incurred. These actual loss amounts are highly variable
and turn on a case by case analysis of the relevant facts, including the nature of the injury, the jurisdiction in which the claim is
ﬁled, the plaintiffs' counsel and the number of parties in the lawsuit. In addition, there are uncertainties concerning the impact
of bankruptcies of other companies that are co-defendants in claims, uncertainties surrounding the litigation process from
jurisdiction to jurisdiction and case to case. Consequently, MSA LLC is unable to comprehensively estimate its cumulative
trauma product liability exposure.
Currently management, in consultation with its outside valuation consultant and outside legal counsel, has been unable to
estimate, and therefore has not recorded any liability, for MSA LLC’s IBNR claims as well as for certain of its existing coal
dust claims, including those coal dust claims that arose subsequent to the Couch verdict described below.
75