Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Please refer to Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Executive Ofﬁcers of the Registrant
The following sets forth the names and ages of our executive officers as of February 28, 2017, indicating all positions held
during the past five years:
Name Ag; Title
William M. Lambert(a) 58 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Oﬁicer since May 2015.
Joakim Bir get 880110)) 52 Vice President and General Manager, Europe since August 2015.
SteVen C. BlanCO(°) 50 Vice President, General Manager Northern North America since May 2015.
Kerry M. BOVe(d) 58 Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer since May 2015.
GaVan C M Duff(e) 51 Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Latchways since February 2017.
Ronald N. Herring, J r“) 56 Senior Vice President and President, MSA International segment since May 2015.
R. Anne Herman(g) 54 Vice President of Global Operational Excellence and Chief Customer Officer since August
20 16.
Kenneth D. Krausea‘) 42 Vice President, Chief Financial Oﬁicer and Treasurer since December 2015.
Douglas K. McClaine(‘) 59 Senior Vice President, Secretary and Chief Legal Officer since March 2016.
Paul R. Uhlerm 58 Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resource Officer since March 2016.
Nishan J. Vartaniana‘) 57 Senior Vice President and President, MSA Americas segment since May 2015.
Markus H. Weber“) 52 Vice President and Chief Information Officer since April 2010.
(a) Prior to his present position, Mr. Lambert was President and Chief Executive Officer.
(b) Prior to his present position, Mr. Birgersson served as Project Director of Europe 2.0x.
(c) Prior to his present position, Mr. Blanco served as Vice President of Global Operational Excellence.
(d) Prior to his present position, Mr. Bove was Vice President and President MSA International Segment. Mr. Bove also
served as Acting Chief Financial Officer from September to December 2015.
(e) Prior to his present position, Mr. Duff was Executive Director Latchways, Chief Operating Ofﬁcer; Executive Director
and Chief Customer Officer; International Director of Distribution Development; and Western European Sales Director.
(f) Prior to his present position, Mr. Herring was Vice President and President MSA Europe Segment.
(g) Prior to her present position, Ms. Herman was Chief Customer Officer and Executive Director, Global Quality.
(h) Prior to his present position, Mr. Krause was Vice President, Strategic Finance and Treasurer.
(i) Prior to his present position, Mr. McClaine was Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel.
(1') Prior to his present position, Mr. Uhler was Vice President, Global Human Resources.
(k) Prior to his present position, Mr. Vartanian was Vice President and President, MSA North America.
(1) Prior to joining MSA, Mr. Weber served as Chief Information Officer of Berlin-Chemie AG, an international research-
based pharmaceutical company.
16