Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Market risk represents the risk of adverse changes in the value of a ﬁnancial instrument caused by changes in currency
exchange rates, interest rates and equity prices. We are exposed to market risks related to currency exchange rates and interest
rates.
Currency exchange rates. We are subject to the effects of ﬂuctuations in currency exchange rates on various transactions
and on the translation of the reported ﬁnancial position and operating results of our non-US. companies from local currencies
to US. dollars. A hypothetical 10% strengthening or weakening of the US. dollar would increase or decrease our reported sales
and net income for the year ended December 31, 2016 by approximately $53.5 million and $6.1 million, or 4.7% and 6.6%,
respectively.
When apprOpriate, we may attempt to limit our transactional exposure to changes in currency exchange rates through
forward contracts or other actions intended to reduce existing exposures by creating offsetting currency exposures. At
December 31, 2016, we had open foreign currency forward contracts with a US. dollar notional value of $75.3 million. A
hypothetical 10% increase in December 31, 2016 forward exchange rates would result in a $7.5 million increase in the fair
value of these contracts.
Interest rates. We are exposed to changes in interest rates primarily as a result of borrowing and investing activities used
to maintain liquidity and fund business operations. Because of the relatively short maturities of temporary investments and the
variable rate nature of our revolving credit facility, these financial instruments are reported at carrying values which
approximate fair values.
At December 31, 2016, we had $201.2 million of fixed rate debt which matures at various dates through 2031. The
incremental increase in the fair value of fixed rate long-term debt resulting from a hypothetical 10% decrease in interest rates
would be approximately $14.4 million. However, our sensitivity to interest rate declines and the corresponding increase in the
fair value of our debt portfolio would unfavorably affect earnings and cash ﬂows only to the extent that we elected to
repurchase or retire all or a portion of our fixed rate debt portfolio at prices above carrying values.
At December 31, 2016, we had $191.0 million of variable rate borrowings under our revolving credit facility. A 100 basis
point increase or decrease in interest rates could have an impact on future earnings under our current capital structure.
36