The following table presents the income statement location and impact of derivative ﬁnancial instruments:
Loss
7 Recognized in Income 7
Year ended
Income Statement : December 31’ :
(In thousands) Location 7 2016 1: 2015 :
[Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: J
Foreign exchange contracts Currency exchange loss 33 6,675 $ 2,187
Note 18—Fair Value Measurements
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which
gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest
priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are:
Level l—Observable inputs that reﬂect unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
Level 2—Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
directly or indirectly.
Level 3—Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
The valuation methodologies we used to measure ﬁnancial assets and liabilities were limited to the pension plan assets
described in Note 14 and the derivative ﬁnancial instruments described in Note 17. See Note 14 for the fair value hierarchy
classification of pension plan assets. We estimate the fair value of the derivative financial instruments, consisting of foreign
currency forward contracts, based upon valuation models with inputs that generally can be veriﬁed by observable market
conditions and do not involve signiﬁcant management judgment. Accordingly, the fair values of the derivative financial
instruments are classiﬁed within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
With the exception of fixed rate long-term debt, we believe that the reported carrying amounts of our financial assets and
liabilities approximate their fair values. The reported carrying amount of long-term debt (including the current portion) was
$175 million and $140 million at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The fair value of this debt was $194 million and
$145 million at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The fair value of this debt was determined using Level 2 inputs by
evaluating like rated companies with publicly traded bonds where available or current borrowing rates available for financings
with similar terms and maturities.
Note 19—Contingencies
Product Liability
The Company categorizes the product liability losses of its subsidiary MSA LLC into two main categories: single incident
and cumulative trauma.
Single incident claims. Single incident product liability claims involve incidents of short duration that are typically
known to us when they occur and involve observable injuries, which provide an objective basis for quantifying damages. MSA
LLC estimates its liability for single incident product liability claims based on expected settlement costs for reported claims and
an estimate of costs for unreported claims (claims incurred but not reported or IBNR). The estimate for IBNR claims is based
on experience, sales volumes, and other relevant information. The reserve for single incident product liability claims, which
includes reported and IBNR claims, was $3.4 million at December 31, 2016 and $3.5 million at December 31, 2015. Single
incident product liability expense during the year ended December 31, 2016 was $0.8 million and was $0.9 million for the year
ended December 31, 2015. Single incident product liability exposures are evaluated on an annual basis, or more frequently if
changing circumstances warrant. Adjustments are made to the reserve as apprOpriate.
74