Our continued success depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property. If we are unable to protect our
intellectual property, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
Our success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain and enforce patents, maintain trade secret protection and operate
without infringing on the proprietary rights of third parties. We have been issued patents and have registered trademarks with
respect to many of our products, but our competitors could independently develop similar or superior products or
technologies, duplicate any of our designs, trademarks, processes or other intellectual property or design around any
processes or designs on which we have or may obtain patents or trademark protection. In addition, it is possible that third
parties may have, or will acquire, licenses for patents or trademarks that we may use or desire to use, so that we may need to
acquire licenses to, or to contest the validity of, such patents or trademarks of third parties. Such licenses may not be made
available to us on acceptable terms, if at all, and we may not prevail in contesting the validity of third party rights.
We also protect trade secrets, know-how and other confidential information against unauthorized use by others or
disclosure by persons who have access to them, such as our employees, through contractual arrangements. These agreements
may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any
unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. If we are
unable to maintain the proprietary nature of our technologies, our consolidated results of operations and ﬁnancial condition
could be materially and adversely affected.
We may be required to recognize impairment charges for our long-lived assets or available for sale investments.
At December 31, 2016, the net carrying value of long-lived assets (property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other
intangible assets) totaled approximately $559.0 million. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, we
periodically assess these assets to determine if they are impaired. Signiﬁcant negative industry or economic trends,
disruptions to our business, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the assets and divestitures may
result in impairments to goodwill and other long-lived assets. Future impairment charges could significantly affect our
consolidated results of operations in the periods recognized. Impairment charges would also reduce our consolidated
shareholders’ equity and increase our debt-to-total-capitalization ratio, which could negatively impact our credit rating and
access to debt and equity markets.
Risks related to our deﬁned beneﬁt pension and other post-retirement plans may adversely impact our results of
operations and cash ﬂow.
Significant changes in actual investment return on pension assets, discount rates, and other factors could adversely
affect our results of operations and pension contributions in future periods. U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
require that we calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. These valuations reﬂect assumptions
about financial markets and interest rates, which may change based on economic conditions. Funding requirements for our
pension plans may become more significant. However, the ultimate amounts to be contributed are dependent upon, among
other things, interest rates, underlying asset returns and the impact of legislative or regulatory changes related to pension
funding obligations. For further information regarding our pension plans, refer to "Pensions and Other Post-retirement
Benefits" in Note 14 of Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
If we fail to meet our debt service requirements or the restrictive covenants in our debt agreements or if interest rates
increase, our results of operations and ﬁnancial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
We have a substantial amount of debt upon which we are required to make scheduled interest and principal payments
and we may incur additional debt in the future. A significant portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates that may
increase in the future. Our debt agreements require us to comply with certain restrictive covenants. If we are unable to
generate sufficient cash to service our debt or if interest rates increase, our consolidated results of operations and financial
condition could be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, a failure to comply with the restrictive covenants
contained in our debt agreements could result in a default, which if not waived by our lenders, could substantially increase
borrowing costs and require accelerated repayment of our debt. Please refer to Note 11 of the Consolidated Financial
Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for commentary on our compliance with the restrictive covenants in our debt
agreements as of December 31, 2016.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
14