. .4;
Directors and Corporate 0:”: icers
Board of Directors Ofﬁcers
John T. Ryan III (3) (4) (5) (6) William M. Lambert
Retired (2008); formerly Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and Chairman, President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer
Chairman of the Company (Retired, as Chairman, May 2015) Kenneth D. Krause
Robert A. Bruggeworth ( 1) (2) Vice President, Chief Financial Ofﬁcer and Treasurer
President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, Qorvo, Inc. (high- Joakim Birgersson
performance RF components and compound semiconductors Corporate Vice president and General Manager, Europe
manufacturer); Director, Qorvo, Inc. Steven C. Blanca
Alvaro GarCia'Tunon (7) (4) (6) Corporate Vice President and General Manager,
Retired (2012); formerly Executive Vice President and Northern North America
Chief FinanCial Ofﬁcer, wabtec Corporation (supplier of technology— Kerry M. Bove
based products and serVIces for rail, tran5it and other global SeniorVice President and Chief Strategy Ofﬁcer
industries); Director, Matthews International Corp.;
. . . . . Gavan C. M. Duff
Director, Allison Transmi55ion Holdings, Inc.
Vice President, Chief Operating Ofﬁcer, Latchways
William M. Lambert (3) R A H
Chairman (as of May 2015), President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer ' nne erman
, Vice President of Global Operational Excellence and
of the Company; Director, Kennametal Inc.
Chief Customer Ofﬁcer
Diane M. Pearse (1) (2) (4) (6) R Id N H . J
Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and President, Hickory Farms, LLC ona ° emng' r'
. Senior Vice President and President, MSA International
(a speCIaIty foods company)
D l K. M Cl '
Rebecca B. Roberts (2) (5) 0:9 as V. CP a”: S d Ch. H I Ofﬁ
Retired (201 1); formerly President of Chevron Pipe Line Company; emor Ice res' ent’ ecretary an le ega cer
Director, Black Hills Corporation; Director, Enbridge Inc. Pam R' Uhler
L. Edward Shaw’Jr. (4) (5) (6) Senior Vice Pre5ident and ChiefHuman Resource Ofﬁcer
Retired (2010); formerly Senior Managing Director, Breeden N'Shan J' Vartan'an
Capital Management LLC (investment management and multidisciplinary sen'orv'ce Pres'dent and Pres'dent' MSA Amer'cas
professional services fi m); Director, HealthSouth Corporation Markus H. Weber
Thomas H. Witmer (7) (2) (3) (5) Vice President; Chief Information Ofﬁcer
Lead Director; Retired (1998); formerly President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer,
Medrad, Inc. (manufacturer of medical devices)
( 1) Member of the Audit Committee
(2) Member of the Compensation Committee
(3) Member of the Executive Committee
(4) Member of the Finance Committee
(5) Member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
(6) Member of the Law Committee
88