contrary to Pennsylvania law and MSA LLC is vigorously pursuing the legal actions necessary to collect all due amounts. A
trial date has not yet been scheduled.
In 2010, North River sued MSA LLC (as Mine Safety Appliances Company) in the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny
County, Pennsylvania seeking a declaratory judgment concerning their responsibilities under three additional policies. MSA
LLC asserted claims against North River for breaches of contract for failures to pay amounts owed to MSA LLC. MSA LLC
also alleged that North River engaged in bad-faith claims handling.
On October 6, 2016, a Pennsylvania state court jury found that North River breached the three contracts at issue in the
case, and that North River also violated common law standards of bad faith in handling MSA LLC's clams. As a result of the
jury's ﬁndings, the court entered a verdict in favor of MSA LLC and against North River for $10.9 million, the full amount of
the contractual damages at issue in the case. The $10.9 million, which is comprised of previously recorded payments to settle
product liability claims and related defense costs, is part of MSA LLC’s insurance receivable. In addition to the claims decided
by the jury, MSA LLC also presented a claim under Pennsylvania's bad faith statue, which is decided by the court. Following
the jury verdict, the court also issued a verdict finding that North River had acted in bad faith. In December 2016 and January
2017, the Pennsylvania state court heard evidence regarding the extent of damages awardable as a result of the statutory bad
faith claim. In an order dated February 9, 2017, the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County awarded MSA LLC an
additional $46.9 million in damages related to this statutory bad faith claim. The $46.9 million award was comprised of $30.0
million in punitive damages, $11.8 million in attorneys' fees, and $5.1 million in pre-judgment interest, each of which is
authorized by a Pennsylvania statute covering bad faith claims handling matters. The court will hear post-trial motions through
mid-second quarter.
In July 2010, MSA LLC (as Mine Safety Appliances Company) filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of the State of
Delaware seeking declaratory and other relief from the majority of its excess insurance carriers concerning the future rights and
obligations of MSA LLC and its excess insurance carriers under various insurance policies. The reason for this insurance
coverage action is to secure a comprehensive resolution of its rights under the insurance policies issued by the insurers. Trial is
scheduled for April 2017.
Through negotiated settlements, MSA LLC has resolved claims against certain of its insurance carriers on certain policies.
When a settlement is reached, MSA LLC dismisses the settling carrier from the relevant above noted lawsuit(s). Assuming
satisfactory resolution, once disputes are resolved with each of the remaining carriers, MSA LLC anticipates having
commitments to provide future payment streams which should be sufficient to satisfy its presently recorded insurance
receivables due from insurance carriers.
We have determined that at some point in the next 18 months, even if insurance coverage litigation is generally successful,
MSA LLC will become largely self-insured for costs associated with cumulative trauma product liability claims. The exact
point when this transition will happen is difficult to predict and subject to a number of variables, including the pace at which
future cumulative trauma product liability costs are incurred and the results of litigation and negotiations with insurance
carriers. After it becomes largely self-insured, MSA LLC may still obtain some insurance reimbursement from negotiated
coverage-in—place agreements (although that coverage may not be immediately triggered or accessible) or from other sources of
coverage. The precise amount of insurance reimbursement available at that time cannot be determined with specificity at this
time.
Note 20—Discontinued Operations
On February 29, 2016, the Company sold 100% of the stock associated with its South African personal protective
equipment distribution business and its Zambian operations, which were reported in the International segment.
The Company received $15.9 million from the closing of this transaction and recorded a loss of approximately $0.3
million during the first quarter of 20 16.
During the second quarter of 2016, the Company corrected its gain calculation on the disposition of the South African
personal protective equipment distribution business and its Zambian operations. This resulted in a gain of approximately $2.5
million being recorded during the second quarter in discontinued operations that should have been recorded in the first quarter
of 2016. The Company evaluated materiality in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletins Topics 1.M and 1N and
considered relevant qualitative and quantitative factors. The Company concluded that this modification was not material to the
first quarter of 2016 or the trend in earnings over the affected periods. The modification had no effect on cash ﬂows or debt
covenant compliance.
78