Customers—Our customers generally fall into two categories: distributors and industrial or military end-users. In our
Americas segment, the majority of our sales are made to our distributors. In our International segment, sales are made through
both indirect and direct sales channels. For the year ended December 31, 2016, no individual customer represented more than
10% of our sales.
Sales and Distribution—Our sales and distribution team consists of marketing, field sales and customer service
organizations. In most geographic areas, our field sales organizations work jointly with select distributors to call on end-users
and educate them about hazards, exposure limits, safety requirements and product applications, as well as the specific
performance attributes of our products. In our South Africa and Eastern Europe regions, where distributors are not as well
established, our sales associates often work with and sell directly to end-users. We believe that understanding end-user
requirements is critical to increasing MSA's market share.
The in-depth customer training and education provided by our sales associates to our customers is critical to ensuring
proper use of many of our products, such as SCBA and gas detection instruments. As a result of our sales associates working
closely with end-users, they gain valuable insight into customer preferences and needs. To better serve our customers and to
ensure that our sales associates are among the most knowledgeable and professional in the industry, we place significant
emphasis on training our sales associates in product application, industry standards and regulations.
We believe our sales and distribution strategy allows us to deliver a customer value proposition that differentiates our
products and services from those of our competitors, resulting in increased customer loyalty and demand.
In areas where we use indirect selling, we promote, distribute and service our products to general industry through
authorized national, regional and local distributors. Some of our key distributors include W.W. Grainger Inc., Airgas, Sonepar,
Bunzl and Fastenal. In North America, we distribute fire service products primarily through specially trained local and regional
distributors who provide advanced training and service capabilities to volunteer and paid municipal fire departments. In our
International segment, we primarily sell to and service the fire service market directly. Because of our broad and diverse
product line and our desire to reach as many markets and market segments as possible, we have over 4,000 authorized
distributor locations worldwide. No individual distributor accounts for more than 10% of our sales.
Competition— The global safety products market is broad and highly fragmented with few participants offering a
comprehensive line of safety products. The sophisticated safety products market in which we compete is comprised of both core
and non-core offerings and is a subset of the larger personal protection equipment market. We maintain leading positions in
nearly all of our core products. Over the long-term, we believe global demand for safety products will continue to grow.
Purchases of these products are non-discretionary, protecting workers' health in hazardous and life-threatening work
environments. Their use is often mandated by government and industry regulations, which are increasingly enforced on a global
basis.
The safety products market is highly competitive, with participants ranging in size from small companies focusing on a
single type of personal protection equipment to several large multinational corporations that manufacture and supply many
types of sophisticated safety products. Our main competitors vary by region and product. We believe that participants in this
industry compete primarily on the basis of product characteristics (such as functional performance, technology, agency
approvals, design and style), brand name recognition, service support and price.
We believe we compete favorably within each of our operating segments as a result of our high quality, our innovative
oﬁerings and strong brand trust and recognition.
Research and Development—To achieve and maintain our market leading positions, we operate several sophisticated
research and development facilities. We believe our dedication and commitment to innovation and research and development
allows us to produce state-of-the-art safety products that are often first to market and exceed industry standards. In 2016, 2015
and 2014, on a global basis, we spent $46.8 million, $48.6 million and $48.2 million, respectively, on research and
development, reﬂecting 4.1%, 4.3% and 4.3% of sales respectively. Our primary engineering groups are located in the United
States, Germany, China and France. Our global product development teams include cross-geographic and cross-functional
members from various areas throughout the company, including research and development, marketing, sales, operations and
quality management. These teams are responsible for setting product line strategy based on their understanding of customers’
needs and available technology, as well as the opportunities and challenges they foresee in each product area. We believe our
team-based, cross-geographic and cross-functional approach to new product development is a source of competitive advantage.
Our approach to the new product development process allows us to tailor our product offerings and product line strategies to
satisfy distinct customer preferences and industry regulations that vary across our operating segments.
6