Available Information—Our Internet address is wwwMSAsafetycom. We make the following ﬁlings available free of
charge on the Investor Relations page on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically ﬁled
with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"): our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports ﬁled or furnished pursuant to
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as our proxy statement. Information contained on our
website is not part of this annual report on Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The
SEC maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information
regarding issuers like us who file electronically with the SEC. You also may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC
at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549-0213. You may obtain information on the
operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
We may experience losses from cumulative trauma product liability claims. The inability to collect insurance
receivables and the transition to becoming largely self-insured for cumulative trauma product liability claims, could
have a materially adverse effect on our business, operating results, ﬁnancial condition and liquidity.
Our subsidiary, Mine Safety Appliances Company, LLC (“MSA LLC”) is presently named as a defendant in 1,794
cumulative trauma lawsuits comprised of 3,023 claims. Cumulative trauma product liability claims involve exposures to
harmful substances (e.g., silica, asbestos and coal dust) that occurred many years ago and may have developed over long
periods of time into diseases such as silicosis, asbestosis, mesothelioma, or coal worker’s pneumoconiosis. The products at
issue were manufactured many years ago and are not currently offered by MSA LLC. Although we have reserved against the
portion of claims outstanding, the reserve does not take into account all the currently pending coal dust claims against MSA
LLC or any incurred but not reported (“IBNR”) claims, which losses could have a materially adverse effect on our business,
operating results, financial condition and liquidity. Because litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable
rulings or developments could occur, there can be no certainty that MSA LLC may not ultimately incur charges in excess of
presently recorded liabilities with respect to claims included within the existing reserve or related to claims not included in
the reserve. We will adjust the reserve for our liability relating to cumulative trauma claims from time to time based on the
maturation of claims, deve10ping facts and circumstances, and if actual experience is worse than previously projected. These
adjustments may reﬂect changes in estimates for claims currently covered by the reserve, as well as estimated liabilities for
claims not presently covered by the reserve and IBNR claims, in the event we become able to reasonably assess the
probability and estimate the magnitude of potential losses. These adjustments may be material and could increase the year
over year variability of our financial results.
In the normal course of business, MSA LLC, makes payments to settle these types of cumulative trauma product
liability claims and for related defense costs, and records receivables for the amounts believed to be recoverable under
insurance. MSA LLC has recorded insurance receivables totaling $15 9.9 million at December 31, 2016. As described in
greater detail in Note 19 of the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K, MSA LLC is currently
involved in insurance coverage litigation regarding the rights and obligations under numerous insurance policies, and for the
payment of amounts recorded as insurance receivables. Various factors could affect the timing and amount of recovery of
insurance receivables, including: the outcome of coverage litigation, the outcome of negotiations with insurers, and the extent
to which insurers may become insolvent in the future. Failure to recover amounts due from MSA LLC’s insurance carriers
would result in it being unable to recover amounts already paid to resolve claims (and recorded as insurance receivables) and
could have a materially adverse effect on our business, consolidated operating results, financial condition and liquidity.
We have determined that at some point in the next 18 months, even if insurance coverage litigation is generally
successful, MSA LLC will become largely self-insured for costs associated with cumulative trauma product liability claims
and most of the related costs will be expensed without the expectation such costs will be covered by insurance
reimbursement. The exact point when this transition will happen is difficult to predict and subject to a number of variables,
including the pace at which future cumulative trauma product liability costs are incurred and the results of litigation and
negotiations with insurance carriers. After it becomes largely self-insured, MSA LLC may still obtain some insurance
reimbursement from negotiated coverage-in—place agreements (although that coverage may not be immediately triggered or
accessible) or from other sources of coverage. However, the precise amount of insurance reimbursement that may be
available cannot be determined with specificity at this time.
MSA LLC may experience an increase in newly filed claims or more aggressive settlement demands from plaintiffs at
any time, which could accelerate the point at which MSA LLC becomes self-insured. We expect that once we become largely
self-insured for cumulative trauma claims, we could experience greater year over year variability in our consolidated
ﬁnancial results.
8