The Mine Safety Appliances Company Stock Compensation Trust was established to provide shares for certain benefit
plans, including the management and non-employee directors’ equity incentive plans. Shares held by the Stock Compensation
Trust, and the corresponding cost of those shares, are reported as a reduction of common shares issued. Differences between the
cost of the shares held by the Stock Compensation Trust and the market value of shares released for stock-related benefits are
reﬂected in common stock issued. The Company began issuing Treasury Shares for all Board of Director share based benefit
plans in April 2014. The Company subsequently began issuing Treasury Shares for all share based benefit plans when the stock
compensation trust was depleted in September 2014. Shares are issued from Treasury at the average Treasury Share cost on the
date of the transaction.
On May 12, 2015, the Board of Directors adopted a new stock repurchase program replacing the existing program. The
new program authorizes up to $100 million to repurchase MSA common stock in the open market and in private transactions.
The share purchase program has no expiration date. The maximum shares that may be purchased is calculated based on the
dollars remaining under the program and the respective month-end closing share price. We repurchased 150,000 shares during
2015. There were no shares repurchased during 2016. We do not have any other share purchase programs.
Note 7—Segment Information
We are organized into six geographic operating segments based on management responsibilities. The operating segments
have been aggregated (based on economic similarities, the nature of their products, end-user markets and methods of
distribution) into three reportable segments: Americas, International, and Corporate.
The Americas and International segments were established on January 1, 2016. The Americas segment is comprised of
our operations in North America and Latin America geographies. The International segment is comprised of our operations in
all geographies outside of the Americas. Certain global expenses are now allocated to each segment in a manner consistent
with where the benefits from the expenses are derived. The 2015 and 2014 segment results have been recast to conform with
current period presentation.
The Company's sales are allocated to each country based primarily on the destination of the end-customer.
Adjusted operating income (loss) and adjusted operating margin are the measures used by the chief operating decision
maker to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. Adjusted operating income (loss) is defined as operating income
from continuing operations excluding restructuring charges and currency exchange gains (losses). Adjusted operating margin is
defined as adjusted operating income (loss) divided by segment sales to external customers. Adjusted operating income (loss)
and adjusted operating margin are not recognized terms under GAAP and therefore do not purport to be alternatives to
operating income or operating margin ﬁom continuing operations as a measure of operating performance. Further, the
Company's measure of adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin may not be comparable to similarly titled
measures of other companies. Adjusted operating income on a consolidated basis is presented in the following table to reconcile
the segment operating performance measure to operating income as presented on the Consolidated Statement of Income.
The accounting principles applied at the operating segment level in determining operating income (loss) are generally the
same as those applied at the consolidated financial statement level. Sales and transfers between operating segments are
accounted for at market-based transaction prices and are eliminated in consolidation.
Reportable segment information is presented in the following table:
55