MSA SAFETY INCORPORATED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 1—Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Basis ofPresentation—The Consolidated Financial Statements of MSA Safety Incorporated ("MSA" or "the Company")
are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and require
management to make certain judgments, estimates, and assumptions. These may affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements. They also
may affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates
upon subsequent resolution of identified matters.
Certain segment results in previously issued consolidated financial statements were recast to conform to the current period
presentation. Refer to Note 7 for further information regarding MSA’s segment allocation methodology.
Principles ofConsolirlation—The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all
subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated.
Noncontrolling Interests—Noncontrolling interests reﬂect noncontrolling shareholders’ investments in certain
consolidated subsidiaries and their proportionate share of the income and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of
those subsidiaries.
Currency Translation—The functional currency of all significant non-US. subsidiaries is the local currency. Assets and
liabilities of these operations are translated at year-end exchange rates. Income statement accounts are translated using the
average exchange rates for the reporting period. Translation adjustments for these companies are reported as a component of
shareholders’ equity and are not included in income. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in net income
for the reporting period.
Cash Equivalents—Cash equivalents include temporary deposits with financial institutions and highly liquid investments
with original maturities of 90 days or less.
Restricted Casthestricted cash, which is designated for use other than current operations, is included in prepaid
expenses and other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Restricted cash balances were $1.2 million and $2.4
million at December 3 l, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. These balances were used to support letter of credit
balances.
InventorieS=Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. The majority of US. inventories are valued on the last-
in, first-out (LIFO) cost method. Other inventories are valued on the average cost method or at standard costs which
approximate actual costs. It is the Company’s general policy to write-down any inventory that is identified as obsolete and any
inventory that has aged or has not moved in more than twenty-four months.
Property and Depreciation—Property is recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed using straight-line and accelerated
methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally as follows: buildings 20 to 40 years and machinery and
equipment 3 to 10 years. Expenditures for significant renewals and improvements are capitalized. Ordinary repairs and
maintenance are expensed as incurred. Gains or losses on property dispositions are included in other income and the cost and
related depreciation are removed from the accounts. Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and
2014 was $27.0 million, $26.9 million and $26.2 million, respectively. Properties, plants, and equipment are reviewed for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be
recoverable. Recoverability of assets is determined by comparing the estimated undiscounted net cash ﬂows of the operations
related to the assets to their carrying amount. An impairment loss would be recognized when the carrying amount of the assets
exceeds the estimated undiscounted net cash ﬂows. The amount of the impairment loss to be recorded is calculated as the
excess of the carrying value of the assets over their fair value, with fair value determined using the best information available,
which generally is a discounted cash ﬂow model.
46