On February 26, 2016, a Kentucky state court jury in the James Couch claim rendered a verdict against MSA LLC (the
"Couch verdict") of $7.2 million dollars (comprised of $3.2 million of an apportioned share of compensatory damages and
$4.0 million in punitive damages). The Couch claim is a cumulative trauma product liability lawsuit involving exposure to
coal dust. MSA LLC is appealing the Couch verdict. MSA LLC experienced an increase in coal dust related claims filed in
2016. Such claims could result in increased product liability expense in the future, and the impact of such an increase in
claims to our results of operations may be worsened to the extent MSA LLC is self-insured. Please refer to Note 19
Contingencies of the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further details on the Couch
verdict.
Claims of injuries from our products, product defects or recalls of our products could have a materially adverse effect
on our business, operating results, ﬁnancial condition and liquidity.
MSA and its subsidiaries face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims arising from the alleged
failure of our products to prevent the types of personal injury or death against which they are designed to protect. In the event
the parties using our products are injured or any of our products prove to be defective, we could be subject to claims with
respect to such injuries. In addition, we may be required to or may voluntarily recall or redesign certain products that could
potentially be harmful to end users. Any claim or product recall that results in significant expense or adverse publicity against
us could have a materially adverse effect on our business, consolidated operating results, financial condition and liquidity,
including any successful claim brought against us in excess or outside of available insurance coverage.
Unfavorable economic and market conditions could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations
and ﬁnancial condition.
We are subject to risks arising from adverse changes in global economic conditions. The global economy remains
unstable. For example, we are currently seeing a slowdown in China, recessionary conditions in Brazil and a slowdown in
certain regions that are dependent upon the mining of certain commodities. We expect economic conditions will continue to
be challenging and uneven for the foreseeable future. Adverse changes in economic conditions could result in declines in
revenue, profitability and cash ﬂow due to reduced orders, payment delays, supply chain disruptions or other factors caused
by the economic challenges faced by our customers and suppliers.
A portion of MSA's sales are made to customers in the oil, gas and petrochemical market. These sales expose MSA to
the risks of doing business in that global market. We estimate that between 25% - 30% of our global business is sold into the
energy market vertical with the most significant exposure in industrial head protection, portable gas detection and FGFD.
Approximately 10% - 15% of consolidated revenue, primarily in industrial head protection and portable gas detection, is
more exposed to a pull back in employment trends across the energy market. Another 5% - 10% of consolidated revenue,
primarily in the FGFD product line is more exposed to a pull back in capital equipment spending within the energy market. It
is possible that the volatility in upstream, midstream and downstream markets, driven partly by geopolitical factors, could
negatively impact our business and our results of operations and financial condition.
A reduction in the spending patterns of government agencies or delays in obtaining government approval for our
products could materially and adversely affect our net sales, earnings and cash ﬂow.
The demand for our products sold to the fire service market, the homeland security market and other government
agencies is, in large part, driven by available government funding. Government budgets are set annually and we cannot assure
that government funding will be sustained at the same level in the future. A significant reduction in available government
funding could materially and adversely affect our net sales, earnings and cash ﬂow.
Our ability to market and sell our products is subject to existing government regulations and standards. Changes in
such regulations and standards or our failure to comply with them could materially and adversely affect our results of
operations.
Most of our products are required to meet performance and test standards designed to protect the safety of people and
infrastructures around the world. Our inability to comply with these standards may materially and adversely affect our results
of operations. Changes in regulations could reduce the demand for our products or require us to re-engineer our products,
thereby creating opportunities for our competitors. Regulatory approvals for our products may be delayed or denied for a
variety of reasons that are outside of our control. Additionally, market anticipation of significant new standards can cause
customers to accelerate or delay buying decisions.
9