In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03, Imputation of Interest - Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance
Costs. This ASU simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs and requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized
debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. In August
2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15, Imputation of Interest - Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. This ASU
simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs for line of credit arrangements. These ASUs were adopted on January 1,
2016. The Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2015 has been adjusted to apply the change in accounting principle
retrospectively, which resulted in a decrease in Prepaid expenses and other current assets of $0.4 million, a decrease in Other
noncurrent assets of $1.5 million, a decrease in the current portion of long-term debt, net of $17 thousand, and a decrease in
long-term debt of $ 1 .9 million as of December 31, 2015. There was no impact to the Statements of Consolidated Income as a
result of the change in accounting principle. Prior year balances in Note 11 were also adjusted to conform with current year
presentation.
In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-04, Retirement Beneﬁts - Practical Expedient for the Measurement Date of an
Employer’s Deﬁned Beneﬁt Obligation and Plan Assets. This ASU allows entities with a fiscal year end that does not coincide
with a month end to use the closest month end for measurement purposes. This ASU also allows entities that have a significant
event in an interim period that calls for a remeasurement of deﬁned benefit plan assets and obligations to use the month end
date that is closest to the date of the significant event. This ASU was adopted on January 1, 2016. The adoption of this ASU
did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05, Goodwill and Other Internal Use Software - Customer’s Accounting for
Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement. This ASU clarifies when entities should account for fees paid in a cloud
computing arrangement as a software license or service contract. This ASU was adopted on January 1, 2016 and was
implemented on a prospective basis. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial
statements.
In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015- l l, Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. This ASU requires inventory to
be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. This ASU applies to inventory measured using the first-in, first-out
(FIFO) or average cost methods only. This ASU will be effective beginning in 2017. The adoption of this ASU is not expected
to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015- 12, Plan Accounting: Deﬁned Beneﬁt Pension Plans ( Topic 960), Deﬁned
Contribution Pension Plans (Topic 962), Health and Welfare Beneﬁt Plans (Topic 965). This ASU simplifies complexities
within employee benefit plan accounting including Fully Benefit-Responsive Investment Contracts, Plan Investment
Disclosures, and the Measurement Date Practical Expedient. This ASU was adopted on January 1, 2016. The adoption of this
ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 20 15- 16, Simplzfving the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments.
This ASU simplifies the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination. The
amendments in this Update eliminate the requirement to retrospectively account for those adjustments. MSA elected to early
adopt this standard for the period ended December 31, 2015. The adoption of this ASU could have a material effect on our
consolidated financial statements to the extent that measurement-period adjustments for business combinations are identified.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases. This ASU requires lessees to record a right of use asset and a
liability for virtually all leases. This ASU will be effective beginning in 2019. The Company continues to evaluate the impact
that the adoption of this ASU will have on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based PaymentAccounting. This ASU
simplifies the accounting for many aspects associated with share-based payment accounting including income taxes and the use
of forfeiture rates. This ASU will be effective beginning in 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the
adoption of these ASU will have on the consolidated financial statements.
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 20 16-13, Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses. This ASU introduces an approach
based on expected losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments including loans, held-to-maturity
debt securities, loan commitments, financial guarantees and net investments in leases as well as reinsurance and trade
receivables. This ASU will be effective beginning in 2020. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption
of these ASU will have on the consolidated financial statements and expects that adoption will result in increased disclosure.
34