At December 31, 2015, MSA LLC established a $7.1 million cumulative trauma product liability reserve for reported
claims. During 2016, we increased this reserve by $0.4 million to $7.5 million as of December 31, 2016. The total cumulative
trauma product liability reserve, including the estimated reserve for reported claims and settlements that have not yet been paid,
totaled $11.1 million at December 31, 2016. This reserve is recorded in the insurance and product liability line within other
current liabilities section of the Consolidated Balance Sheet. To arrive at the estimated reserve, it was necessary to employ
signiﬁcant assumptions. In addition, the reserve does not include amounts which will be spent to defend the claims covered by
the reserve. These costs are recognized as incurred.
As noted above, the liability recorded does not take into account any IBNR claims and certain of the currently pending
coal dust claims against MSA LLC. These claims have not been included in the reserve due to a lack of claims experience with
the applicable plaintiffs’ counsel, low volume of resolution, or lack of confidence in the consistency of claims composition, or
other factors, which have rendered us unable to reasonably assess the probability and estimate the magnitude of potential losses.
Because litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings or developments could occur, there can be no
certainty that MSA LLC may not ultimately incur charges in excess of presently recorded liabilities with respect to claims
included within the existing reserve or related to claims not included in the reserve. We will adjust the reserve for our liability
relating to cumulative trauma claims from time to time based on the maturation of claims, deve10ping facts and circumstances,
and if actual experience is worse than previously projected. These adjustments may reﬂect changes in estimates for claims
currently covered by the reserve, as well as estimated liabilities for claims not presently covered by the reserve and IBNR
claims, in the event we become able to reasonably assess the probability and estimate the magnitude of potential losses. These
adjustments may be material and could increase the year over year variability of our financial results.
On February 26, 2016, a Kentucky state court jury in the James Couch claim rendered a verdict against MSA LLC of $7.2
million dollars (comprised of $3.2 million of an apportioned share of compensatory damages and $4.0 million in punitive
damages). The Couch claim is a cumulative trauma product liability lawsuit involving exposure to coal dust. Management
believes that the verdict against MSA LLC is inconsistent with Kentucky law and many issues have been raised on appeal,
including the statute of limitations, failure to meet the standard of causation and the appropriate application of punitive
damages. The Company and its outside legal counsel have concluded that, based on their assessment of the appellate issues, a
reversal of the adverse judgment is reasonably possible and, consequently, a loss contingency is not probable at this time and is
not included in the $7.5 million product liability reserve as of December 31, 2016. In the future, if the Company determines
that losses with respect to this matter are probable, MSA LLC, consistent with its existing practices, will record an accrual and
provide appropriate disclosures as required by ASC 450-20-50, Contingencies. In the event that MSA LLC’s appeal of the
adverse verdict is unsuccessful or not fully successful, the loss could total the full amount of the verdict, plus additional
amounts for post-judgment interest. If so, the $3.2 million compensatory portion of the verdict (and associated interest) would
be added to the product liability reserve and the insurance receivable, to the extent insurance is available. The $4.0 million
punitive portion of the verdict (and associated interest) would be expensed because we do not have insurance to cover punitive
damages in this case.
Insurance Receivable
MSA LLC purchased insurance policies for the policy years from 1952-1986 from over 20 different insurance carriers
that, subject to some common contract exclusions, provide coverage for cumulative trauma product liability losses and, in many
instances, related defense costs (the "Occurrence-Based Policies"). After 1986, MSA LLC’s insurance policies have significant
per claim deductibles. Based on this, the Company does not expect to be materially reimbursed for any claims alleging
exposures that occurred entirely after this date.
In the normal course of business, MSA LLC makes payments to settle product liability claims and for related defense
costs and records receivables for the amounts that are covered by insurance. The available limits of the applicable Occurrence-
Based Policies exceed the recorded insurance receivable balance. Various factors could affect the timing and amount of
recovery of the insurance receivable, including the outcome of negotiations with insurers and the outcome of the coverage
litigation with respect to the Occurrence-Based Policies, and the extent to which the issuing insurers may become insolvent in
the future.
Insurance receivables at December 31, 2016 totaled $159.9 million, of which $2.0 million is reported in prepaid expenses
and other current assets and $157.9 million is reported in insurance receivable and other non-current assets. Insurance
receivables at December 31, 2015 totaled $229.5 million, of which $2.0 million is reported in prepaid expenses and other
current assets and $227.5 million in insurance receivable and other non-current assets.
76