Goodwill and Other Intangible AssetS=Intangible assets with a finite useful life are amortized on a straight-line basis
over their useful lives. Indefinite lived intangible assets are assessed for possible impairment annually or whenever
circumstances change such that the recorded value of the asset may not be recoverable. Goodwill is not amortized, but is
subject to impairment assessments. In the fourth quarter of each year, or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist or if a
decision is made to sell a business, we evaluate goodwill for impairment. A significant amount of judgment is involved in
determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may include a decline in expected cash ﬂows, a
significant adverse change in the business climate, unanticipated competition, slower growth rates, or negative developments in
equity and credit markets, among others.
All goodwill is assigned to and evaluated for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating
segment or one level below an operating segment. For goodwill impairment testing purposes, we consider our operating
segments to be our reporting units. The evaluation of impairment involves using either a qualitative or quantitative approach as
outlined in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 35 0. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to
determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, including
goodwill. Factors considered as part of the qualitative assessment include entity-specific industry, market and general economic
conditions. In 2016, we elected to bypass the qualitative evaluation for all of our reporting units and performed a two-step
quantitative test at October 1, 2016. Step 1 of the quantitative testing involves comparing the estimated fair value of each
reporting unit to its carrying value. We estimate reporting unit fair value using a weighted average of fair values determined by
discounted cash ﬂow (DCF) and market approach methodologies, as we believe both are equally important indicators of fair
value. A number of significant assumptions and estimates are involved in the application of the DCF model, including sales
volumes and prices, costs to produce, tax rates, capital spending, discount rates, and working capital changes. Cash ﬂow
forecasts are generally based on approved business unit operating plans for the early years and historical relationships in later
years. The betas used in calculating the individual reporting units’ weighted average cost of capital (WACC) rate are estimated
for each reporting unit based on peer data. The market approach methodology measures value through an analysis of peer
companies. The analysis entails measuring the multiples of EBITDA at which peer companies are trading.
In the event the estimated fair value of a reporting unit per the weighted average of the DCF and market approach models
is less than the carrying value, Step 2 of the analysis would be required. The additional analysis would compare the carrying
amount of the reporting unit’s goodwill with the implied fair value of that goodwill, which may involve the use of valuation
specialist. The implied fair value of goodwill is the excess of the fair value of the reporting unit over the fair value amounts
assigned to all of the assets and liabilities of that unit as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination and
the fair value of the reporting unit represented the purchase price. If the carrying value of goodwill exceeds its implied fair
value, an impairment loss equal to such excess would be recognized, which could significantly and adversely impact reported
consolidated results of operations and shareholders’ equity. There has been no impairment of our goodwill as of December 31,
2016, 2015 or 2014.
Revenue Recognition—Revenue from the sale of products is recognized when title, ownership and the risk of loss have
transferred to the customer, which generally occurs either when product is shipped to the customer or, in the case of most US.
distributor customers, when product is delivered to the distributor's delivery site. We establish our shipping terms according to
local practice and market characteristics. We do not ship product unless we have an order or other documentation authorizing
shipment to our customers. We make appropriate provisions for uncollectible accounts receivable and product returns, both of
which have historically been insignificant in relation to our net sales. Certain distributor customers receive price rebates based
on their level of purchases and other performance criteria that are documented in established distributor programs. These
rebates are accrued as a reduction of net sales as they are earned by the customer.
Shipping and Handling—Shipping and handling expenses for products sold to customers are charged to cost of products
sold as incurred. Amounts billed to customers for shipping and handling are included in net sales.
Product WarrantieS=Estimated expenses related to product warranties and additional service actions are charged to cost
of products sold in the period in which the related revenue is recognized or when significant product quality issues are
identified.
Research and Development—Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.
Income Taxes—Deferred income taxes are provided for temporary differences between financial and tax reporting.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. If it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset
will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recognized. We record tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions taken or
expected to be taken on a tax return when such beneﬁts meet a more likely than not threshold. We recognize interest related to
47