If we fail to introduce successful new products or extend our existing product lines, we may lose our market position
and our ﬁnancial performance may be materially and adversely affected.
In the safety products market, there are frequent introductions of new products and product line extensions. If we are
unable to identify emerging consumer and technological trends, maintain and improve the competitiveness of our products
and introduce new products, we may lose our market position, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. We continue to invest signiﬁcant resources in research and development and
market research. However, continued product development and marketing efforts are subject to the risks inherent in the
development process. These risks include delays, the failure of new products and product line extensions to achieve
anticipated levels of market acceptance and the risk of failed product introductions.
Damage to the reputation of MSA or to one or more of our product brands could adversely affect our business.
Deve10ping and maintaining our reputation, as well as the reputation of our brands, is a critical factor in our relationship
with customers, distributors and others. Our inability to address adverse publicity or other issues, including concerns about
product safety or quality, real or perceived, could negatively impact our business which could have a materially adverse effect
on our business, operating results and financial condition.
A failure of our information systems could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and
ﬁnancial condition.
The proper functioning and security of our information systems is critical to the operation of our business. Our
information systems may be vulnerable to damage or disruption ﬁom natural or man-made disasters, computer viruses, power
losses or other system or network failures. In addition, hackers and cybercriminals could attempt to gain unauthorized access
to our information systems with the intent of harming our company or obtaining sensitive information such as intellectual
property, trade secrets, financial and business development information, and customer and vendor related information. If our
information systems or security fail, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and
adversely affected.
Like many companies, from time to time, we have experienced attacks on our computer systems by unauthorized
outside parties; however, we do not believe that such attacks have resulted in any material damage to us or our customers.
Because the techniques used by computer hackers and others to access or sabotage networks constantly evolve and generally
are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate, prevent or detect these attacks. As a result,
our technologies and processes may be misappropriated and the impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. Any loss
of such information could harm our competitive position, or cause us to incur significant costs to remedy the damages caused
by the incident. We routinely implement improvements to our network security safeguards as well as cybersecurity initiatives.
We expect to devote increasing resources to the security of our information technology systems. We cannot assure that such
system improvements will be sufficient to prevent or limit the damage from any future cyber-attack or network disruptions.
Our plans to continue to improve productivity and reduce complexity may not be successful, which could adversely
affect our ability to compete.
MSA has transitioned parts of its European operating segment to a principal operating company ("European
reorganization"). This principal operating company model integrates our historically individually managed entities, into one
that is a centrally managed organization. We have begun to and plan to continue to leverage the beneﬁts of scale created from
this approach and are in the process of implementing a more efficient and cost-effective enterprise resource planning system
in additional locations across the International Segment. MSA runs the risk that these and similar initiatives may not be
completed substantially as planned, may be more costly to implement than expected, or may not have the positive eﬁects
anticipated. In addition, these various initiatives require MSA to implement a significant amount of organizational change
which could divert management’s attention from other concerns, and if not properly managed, could cause disruptions in our
day-to-day operations and have a negative impact on MSA's financial results. It is also possible that other major productivity
and streamlining programs may be required in the future.
1 l