ASU was adopted on January 1, 2015. The adoption of this ASU may have a material effect on our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements in the event that we were to divest of a component that meets the deﬁnition of discontinued operations.
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue with Contracts from Customers. This ASU establishes a single
revenue recognition model for all contracts with customers based on recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reﬂects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services, eliminates industry specific requirements, and expands disclosure requirements. This ASU is
required to be adopted beginning January 1, 2018. Our revenue streams include agreements with distributors, agreements with
end users and agreements with governmental entities. The Company continues to evaluate the impact that the adoption of this
ASU will have on the consolidated financial statements, including the timing of revenue recognition associated with certain
customized products. We have conducted a risk assessment and have worked with outside consultants to develop a transition
plan that will enable us to meet the implementation requirement. We are currently in the process of reviewing and analyzing
contracts. We anticipate using the modified retrospective method of adoption and having enhanced disclosures surrounding
revenue recognition.
In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12, Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award
Provide That a Performance Target Could be Achieved aﬁer the Requisite Service Period. This ASU clarifies the accounting
treatment for share based payment awards that contain performance targets. This ASU was adopted on January 1, 2016. The
adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern. This ASU
clariﬁes management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is a substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a
going concern and provides guidance for related footnote disclosures. This ASU is effective for the annual period ending
December 31, 2016. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01, Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items. This ASU
eliminates the requirement to separately present and disclose extraordinary and unusual items in the ﬁnancial statements. This
ASU was adopted on January 1, 2016. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements.
In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02, Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis. This ASU changes the
analysis that an entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. This ASU was
adopted on January 1, 2016. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03, Imputation of Interest - Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance
Costs. This ASU simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs and requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized
debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. In August
2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15, Imputation of Interest - Simplz‘ﬁzing the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. This ASU
simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs for line of credit arrangements. These ASUs were adopted on January 1,
2016. The Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2015 has been adjusted to apply the change in accounting principle
retrospectively, which resulted in a decrease in Prepaid expenses and other current assets of $0.4 million, a decrease in Other
noncurrent assets of $ 1 .5 million, a decrease in the current portion of long-term debt, net of $17 thousand, and a decrease in
long-term debt of $ 1 .9 million as of December 31, 2015. There was no impact to the Statements of Consolidated Income as a
result of the change in accounting principle. Prior year balances in Note 11 were also adjusted to conform with current year
presentation.
In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-04, Retirement Beneﬁts - Practical Expedient for the Measurement Date of an
Employer’s Deﬁned Beneﬁt Obligation and Plan Assets. This ASU allows entities with a fiscal year end that does not coincide
with a month end to use the closest month end for measurement purposes. This ASU also allows entities that have a signiﬁcant
event in an interim period that calls for a remeasurement of deﬁned beneﬁt plan assets and obligations to use the month end
date that is closest to the date of the signiﬁcant event. This ASU was adopted on January 1, 2016. The adoption of this ASU
did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05, Goodwill and Other Internal Use Software - Customer’s Accounting for
Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement. This ASU clarifies when entities should account for fees paid in a cloud
computing arrangement as a software license or service contract. This ASU was adopted on January 1, 2016 and was
implemented on a prospective basis. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements.
49