In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11, Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory This ASU requires inventory to
be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. This ASU applies to inventory measured using the first-in, first-out
(FIFO) or average cost methods only. This ASU will be effective beginning in 2017. The adoption of this ASU is not expected
to have a material effect on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-12, Plan Accounting: Deﬁned Beneﬁt Pension Plans ( Topic 960), Deﬁned
Contribution Pension Plans ( Topic 962), Health and Welfare Beneﬁt Plans ( Topic 965). This ASU simplifies complexities
within employee benefit plan accounting including Fully Benefit-Responsive Investment Contracts, Plan Investment
Disclosures, and the Measurement Date Practical Expedient. This ASU was adopted on January 1, 2016. The adoption of this
ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16, Simpliﬁing the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments.
This ASU simplifies the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination. The
amendments in this Update eliminate the requirement to retrospectively account for those adjustments. MSA elected to early
adopt this standard for the period ended December 31, 2015. The adoption of this ASU could have a material effect on our
consolidated ﬁnancial statements to the extent that measurement-period adjustments for business combinations are identiﬁed.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases. This ASU requires lessees to record a right of use asset and a
liability for Virtually all leases. This ASU will be effective beginning in 2019. The Company continues to evaluate the impact
that the adoption of this ASU will have on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based PaymentAccounting. This ASU
simplifies the accounting for many aspects associated with share-based payment accounting including income taxes and the use
of forfeiture rates. This ASU will be effective beginning in 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the
adoption of these ASU will have on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses. This ASU introduces an approach
based on expected losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of ﬁnancial instruments including loans, held-to-maturity
debt securities, loan commitments, financial guarantees and net investments in leases as well as reinsurance and trade
receivables. This ASU will be effective beginning in 2020. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption
of these ASU will have on the consolidated financial statements and expects that adoption will result in increased disclosure.
In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Classiﬁcation of Certain Cash Payments and Cash Receipts. This ASU
clarifies how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash ﬂows. This ASU will
be effective beginning in 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of these ASU will have on
the consolidated financial statements.
In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16, Intra-entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory. This ASU states
that an entity should recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the
transfer occurs. This ASU is effective beginning in 2018 to be adopted on a modiﬁed retrospective basis through a cumulative-
effect adjustment directly to retained earnings and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
that the adoption of these ASU will have on the consolidated financial statements.
In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18, Restricted Cash. This ASU requires that amounts generally described
as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents are included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-
of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of cash ﬂows. This ASU is eﬁective beginning in 2018 to be
adopted on a retrospective basis and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the
adoption of these ASU will have on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-01, Business Combinations - Clarifying the Deﬁnition of a Business. This
ASU provides further guidance for identifying whether a set of assets and activities is a business by providing a screen
outlining that when substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired (or disposed of) is concentrated in a single
identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets, the set is not a business. This ASU is effective beginning in 2018 and
will be applied prospectively. The adoption of this ASU may have a material effect on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements in
the event that we have an acquisition or disposal that falls within this screen.
50