Because we derive a signiﬁcant portion of our sales from the operations of our foreign subsidiaries, future currency
exchange rate ﬂuctuations may adversely affect our results of operations and ﬁnancial condition, and may affect the
comparability of our results between ﬁnancial periods.
For the year ended December 31, 2016, our operations outside of the United States accounted for approximately half of
our net sales. The results of our foreign operations are generally reported in the local currency and then translated into US.
dollars at the applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. The exchange rates between
some of these currencies and the US. dollar have ﬂuctuated significantly in recent years, and may continue to do so in the
future. In addition, because our consolidated financial statements are stated in US. dollars, such ﬂuctuations may affect our
consolidated results of operations and financial position, and may affect the comparability of our results between financial
periods. We cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively manage our exchange rate risks or that any volatility in
currency exchange rates will not have a materially adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial
condition.
If we lose any of our key personnel or are unable to attract, train and retain qualiﬁed personnel, our ability to manage
our business and continue our growth would be negatively impacted.
Our success depends in large part on the continued contributions of our key management, engineering and sales and
marketing personnel, many of whom are highly skilled and would be diﬁicult to replace. Our success also depends on the
abilities of new personnel to function effectively, both individually and as a group. If we are unable to attract, effectively
integrate and retain management, engineering or sales and marketing personnel, then the execution of our growth strategy and
our ability to react to changing market requirements may be impeded, and our business could suffer as a result. Competition
for personnel is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel.
In addition, we do not currently maintain key person life insurance.
Our inability to successfully identify, consummate and integrate current and future acquisitions or to realize
anticipated cost savings and other beneﬁts could adversely affect our business.
One of our operating strategies is to selectively pursue acquisitions. On October 21, 2015, MSA completed the
acquisition of Latchways - a leading global provider of innovative fall protection systems and solutions based in the United
Kingdom (UK). Additionally on September 19, 2016, MSA completed the acquisition of Senscient, which is also
headquartered in the UK and is a leader in laser-based gas detection technology. Please refer to Note 13 in Part II Item 8 of
this Form lO-K for further details. Any future acquisitions will depend on our ability to identify suitable acquisition
candidates and successfully consummate such acquisitions. Acquisitions involve a number of risks including:
- failure of the acquired businesses to achieve the results we expect;
- diversion of our management’s attention from operational matters;
° our inability to retain key personnel of the acquired businesses;
- risks associated with unanticipated events or liabilities;
° potential disruption of our existing business; and
- customer dissatisfaction or performance problems at the acquired businesses.
If we are unable to integrate or successfully manage businesses that we have recently acquired including Latchways
and Senscient, or may acquire in the future, we may not realize anticipated cost savings, improved manufacturing efficiencies
and increased revenue, which may result in materially adverse short- and long-term effects on our consolidated operating
results, financial condition and liquidity. Even if we are able to integrate the operations of our acquired businesses into our
operations, we may not realize the full benefits of the cost savings, revenue enhancements or other benefits that we may have
expected at the time of acquisition. In addition, even if we achieve the expected benefits, we may not be able to achieve them
within the anticipated time frame, and such benefits may be offset by costs incurred in integrating the acquired companies
and increases in other expenses.
13