unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in Operating expenses. No provision is made for possible U.S. taxes
on the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that are considered to be reinvested indefinitely.
Stock-Based Compensation—We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with the FASB guidance on
share-based payment, which requires that we recognize compensation expense for employee and non-employee director stock-
based compensation based on the grant date fair value. Except for retirement-eligible participants, for whom there is no
requisite service period, this expense is recognized ratably over the requisite service periods following the date of grant. For
retirement-eligible participants, this expense is recognized at the grant date.
Derivative Instruments—We may use derivative instruments to minimize the effects of changes in currency exchange
rates. We do not enter into derivative transactions for speculative purposes and do not hold derivative instruments for trading
purposes. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges are recorded in the balance sheet
as adjustments to the underlying hedged asset or liability. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that do not qualify
for hedge accounting treatment are recognized in the consolidated statements of income as currency exchange (income) loss in
the current period.
Commitments and ContingencieS=For asserted claims and assessments, liabilities are recorded when an unfavorable
outcome of a matter is deemed to be probable and the loss is reasonably estimable. Management determines the likelihood of an
unfavorable outcome based on many factors such as the nature of the matter, available defenses and case strategy, progress of
the matter, views and opinions of legal counsel and other advisors, applicability and success of appeals processes, and the
outcome of similar historical matters, among others. Once an unfavorable outcome is deemed probable, management weighs
the probability of estimated losses, and the most reasonable loss estimate is recorded. If an unfavorable outcome of a matter is
deemed to be reasonably possible, then the matter is disclosed and no liability is recorded. With respect to unasserted claims or
assessments, management must first determine that the probability that an assertion will be made is likely, then, a determination
as to the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to reasonably estimate the potential loss is made. Legal matters
are reviewed on a continuous basis to determine if there has been a change in management’s judgment regarding the likelihood
of an unfavorable outcome or the estimate of a potential loss. Please refer to Note 19 Contingencies for further details on
product liability related matters.
Discontinued Operations and Assets Held For Sale=For those businesses where management has committed to a plan
to divest, each business is valued at the lower of its carrying amount or estimated fair value less cost to sell. If the carrying
amount of the business exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment loss is recognized. Fair value is estimated using accepted
valuation techniques such as a discounted cash ﬂow model, valuations performed by third parties, earnings multiples, or
indicative bids, when available. A number of significant estimates and assumptions are involved in the application of these
techniques, including the forecasting of markets and market share, sales volumes and prices, costs and expenses, and multiple
other factors. Management considers historical experience and all available information at the time the estimates are made;
however, the fair value that is ultimately realized upon the divestiture of a business may differ from the estimated fair value
reﬂected in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Depreciation and amortization expense is not recorded on assets of a
business to be divested once they are classified as held for sale.
For businesses classified as discontinued operations, the results of operations are reclassiﬁed from their historical
presentation to discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statement of Income, for all periods presented. The gains or losses
associated with these divested businesses are recorded in discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statement of Income.
Additionally, segment information does not include the operating results of businesses classified as discontinued operations for
all periods presented. Management does not expect any continuing involvement with these businesses following their
divestiture, and these businesses are expected to be disposed of within one year.
Concentration of credit and business risks - We are exposed to credit risk in the event of nonpayment by customers,
principally in the oil and gas, fire service, construction, utilities, chemicals and mining industries. Changes in these industries
may significantly affect our financial performance and management's estimates. We mitigate our exposure to credit risk by
performing ongoing credit evaluations and, when deemed necessary, requiring letters of credit, credit insurance, prepayments,
guarantees or other collateral. No individual customer represented more than 10% of our sales.
Reclassiﬁcations - Certain reclassifications of prior years' data have been made to conform to the current year
presentation.
Recently Adopted and Recently Issued Accounting StandarIIS=In April 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-08,
Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of an Entity. This ASU amends the definition of a
discontinued operation to include a disposal of a component or group of components that is disposed of or is classiﬁed as held
for sale and represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results. This
48