Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
T he following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the historical ﬁnancial statements and other
ﬁnancial information included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. This discussion may contain forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on
current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about our industry, business and future ﬁnancial results. Our
actual results could differ materially ﬁom the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a number of
factors, including those discussed in the sections of this annual report entitled “Forward-Looking Statements ” and “Risk
Factors. ”
On October 21, 2015, the Company acquired 100% of the common stock of Latchways plc (Latchwaysj' for $190.9 million
in cash. Latchways, which is headquartered in the United Kingdom, is a leading provider of innovative fall protection systems
and solutions. The acquisition of Latchways represents a key step in the execution of our corporate strategy by expanding our
investment in one of the largest and fastest growing product segments of the global safety market. This acquisition will double
our fall protection business, positioning MSA as one of the largest fall protection providers globally. Within the fall protection
space, the Latchways acquisition strengthens our position in permanent engineered systems and our presence in other sectors
such as utilities, telecommunications, and aircraft maintenance. The data presented in Part II Item 6 of this Form 10-K should
be read in conjunction with the following comments. Additionally, please refer to Note 13 Acquisitions, which is included in
Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K, for further information.
The Americas and International reportable segments were established on January 1, 2016. The Americas segment is
comprised of our operations in North America and Latin America geographies. The International segment is comprised of our
operations of all geographies outside of the Americas. Certain global expenses are now allocated to each segment in a manner
consistent with where the beneﬁts from the expenses are derived. The 2015 and 2014 segment results have been recast to
conform with current period presentation. Please refer to Note 7 Segment Information, which is included in Part II Item 8 of
this Form 10-K, for further information.
MSA 's South African personal protective equipment distribution business and MSA 's Zambian operations had historically
been part of the International reportable segment. On February 29, 2016, the Company sold 100% of the stock associated with
these operations. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, these operations and related results are
excluded ﬁom continuing operations and are presented as discontinued operations in all periods presented. Please refer to
Note 20 Discontinued Operations, which is included in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K, for further commentary on these
discontinued operations.
On September 19, 2016, the Company acquired 100% of the common stock of Senscient, Inc. for $19.1 million in cash.
Senscient, which is headquartered in the UK, is a leader in laser-based gas detection technology The acquisition of Senscient
expands and enhances MSA is technology oﬁ’erings in the global market for ﬁxed gas and ﬂame detection systems, as the
Company continues to execute its core product growth strategy. The acquisition was funded through borrowings on our
unsecured senior revolving credit facility The data presented in Part II Item 6 of this Form 10-K should be read in conjunction
with the following comments. Additionally, please refer to Note 13 Acquisitions, which is included in Part II Item 8 of this Form
10-K, for further information.
20