In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Classiﬁcation of Certain Cash Payments and Cash Receipts. This ASU
clariﬁes how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classiﬁed in the statement of cash ﬂows. This ASU will
be effective beginning in 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of these ASU will have on
the consolidated financial statements.
In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16, Intra-entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory. This ASU states
that an entity should recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the
transfer occurs. This ASU is effective beginning in 2018 to be adopted on a modiﬁed retrospective basis through a cumulative-
effect adjustment directly to retained earnings and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
that the adoption of these ASU will have on the consolidated financial statements.
In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18, Restricted Cash. This ASU requires that amounts generally described
as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents are included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-
of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of cash ﬂows. This ASU is effective beginning in 2018 to be
adopted on a retrospective basis and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the
adoption of these ASU will have on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-01, Business Combinations - Clarifying the Deﬁnition of a Business. This
ASU provides further guidance for identifying whether a set of assets and activities is a business by providing a screen
outlining that when substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired (or disposed of) is concentrated in a single
identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets, the set is not a business. This ASU is effective beginning in 2018 and
will be applied prospectively. The adoption of this ASU may have a material effect on our consolidated ﬁnancial statements in
the event that we have an acquisition or disposal that falls within this screen.
In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, Simplifying the T est for Goodwill Impairment. This ASU simplifies the
accounting for goodwill impairments under Step 2 by eliminating the requirement to perform procedures to determine the fair
value of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, including previously unrecognized assets and liabilities, in order to
determine the fair value of the goodwill and any impairment charge to be recognized. Under this ASU, the impairment charge
to be recognized should be the amount by which the reporting unit's carrying value exceeds the reporting unit's fair value as
calculated under Step 1 provided that the loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the
reporting unit. This ASU is effective beginning in 2019 for public entities and early adoption is permitted for interim or annual
goodwill impairment tests performed after January 1, 2017. The adoption of this ASU may have a material eﬁect on our
consolidated ﬁnancial statements in the event that we determine that goodwill for any of our reporting units is impaired.
35