We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and any violation of these laws could adversely affect our
results of operations.
We are subject to extensive regulation from US. federal, state, and local governments, as well as the governments of
the countries in which we conduct business. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in severe civil or criminal
penalties, sanctions or signiﬁcant changes to our operations. These actions could have a materially adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition.
We are subject to various environmental laws and any violation of these laws could adversely affect our results of
operations.
Included in the extensive laws, regulations and ordinances, to which we are subject, are those relating to the protection
of the environment. Examples include those governing discharges to air and water, handling and disposal practices for solid
and hazardous wastes and the maintenance of a safe workplace. These laws impose penalties for noncompliance and liability
for response costs and certain damages resulting from past and current spills, disposals, or other releases of hazardous
materials. We could incur substantial costs as a result of noncompliance with or liability for cleanup pursuant to these
environmental laws. Such laws continue to change, and we may be subject to more stringent environmental laws in the
future. If more stringent environmental laws are enacted, these future laws could have a materially adverse effect on our
results of operations.
We beneﬁt from free trade laws and regulations, such as the North American Free Trade Agreement and any changes
to these laws and regulations could adversely affect our results of operations.
Existing free trade laws and regulations, such as the North American Free Trade Agreement, provide certain beneﬁcial
duties and tariffs for qualifying imports and exports, subject to compliance with the applicable classiﬁcation and other
requirements. Changes in laws or policies governing the terms of foreign trade, and in particular increased trade restrictions,
tariffs or taxes on imports from countries where we manufacture products, such as China and Mexico, could have a material
adverse effect on our business and financial results.
We are subject to various US and foreign tax laws and any changes in these laws related to the taxation of businesses
could adversely affect our results of operations.
The US. Congress, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (or, OECD) and other government
agencies in jurisdictions in which we and our affiliates invest or do business have maintained a focus on issues related to the
taxation of multinational companies. The OECD has changed numerous long-standing tax principles through its base erosion
and proﬁt shifting (“BEPS”) project. Additionally, the Trump administration has announced other proposals for potential
reform to the US. federal income tax rules for businesses, including reducing the deductibility of interest for corporations,
reducing the top marginal rate on corporations and implementing border-adjusted taxation. These proposals for reform, if
enacted by the US. could adversely impact our effective tax rate.
The markets in which we compete are highly competitive, and some of our competitors have greater ﬁnancial and
other resources than we do. The competitive pressures faced by us could materially and adversely affect our business,
results of operations and ﬁnancial condition.
The safety products market is highly competitive, with participants ranging in size from small companies focusing on
single types of safety products, to large multinational corporations that manufacture and supply many types of safety
products. Our main competitors vary by region and product. We believe that participants in this industry compete primarily
on the basis of product characteristics (such as functional performance, agency approvals, design and style), price, brand
name trust and recognition and customer service. Some of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than we
do and our business could be adversely affected by competitors’ new product innovations, technological advances made to
competing products and pricing changes made by us in response to competition from existing or new competitors. We may
not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors and the competitive pressures faced by us could
materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and ﬁnancial condition.
10