identification and other defenses. Complaints generally do not provide information sufficient to determine if a lawsuit will
develop into an actively litigated case. Even when a case is actively litigated, it is often difficult to determine if the lawsuit will
be dismissed or otherwise resolved until late in the lawsuit. Moreover, even if it is probable that such a lawsuit will result in a
loss, it is often difficult to estimate the amount of actual loss that will be incurred. These actual loss amounts are highly variable
and turn on a case by case analysis of the relevant facts, including the nature of the injury, the jurisdiction in which the claim is
filed, the plaintiffs' counsel and the number of parties in the lawsuit. In addition, there are uncertainties concerning the impact
of bankruptcies of other companies that are co-defendants in claims, uncertainties surrounding the litigation process from
jurisdiction to jurisdiction and case to case. Consequently, MSA LLC is unable to comprehensively estimate its cumulative
trauma product liability exposure.
Currently, management, in consultation with its outside valuation consultant and outside legal counsel, has been unable to
estimate, and therefore has not recorded any liability, for MSA LLC’s incurred but not reported claims (“IBNR claims") as well
as for certain of its existing coal dust claims, including those coal dust claims that arose subsequent to the Couch verdict.
(Please refer to Note 19 Contingencies of the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further
details on the Couch verdict.)
MSA LLC recorded a liability of $7.5 million and $7.1 million as of December 3 l, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
pertaining to certain reported claims where MSA LLC’s claims experience allowed it to make an estimate of potential liability.
To arrive at the estimate, it was necessary to employ significant assumptions. The reserve does not include amounts which will
be spent to defend the claims covered by the reserve. These costs are recognized as incurred.
As noted above, the liability recorded does not take into account any IBNR claims and certain of the currently pending
coal dust claims against MSA LLC. These claims have not been included in the reserve due to a lack of claims experience with
the applicable plaintiffs’ counsel, low volume of resolution, or lack of confidence in the consistency of claims composition, or
other factors, which have rendered us unable to reasonably assess the probability and estimate the magnitude of potential losses.
Because litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings or developments could occur, there can be no
certainty that MSA LLC may not ultimately incur charges in excess of presently recorded liabilities with respect to claims
included within the existing reserve or related to claims not included in the reserve. We will adjust the reserve for our liability
relating to cumulative trauma claims from time to time based on the maturation of claims, deve10ping facts and circumstances,
and if actual experience is worse than previously projected. These adjustments may reﬂect changes in estimates for claims
currently covered by the reserve, as well as estimated liabilities for claims not presently covered by the reserve and IBNR
claims, in the event we become able to reasonably assess the probability and estimate the magnitude of potential losses. These
adjustments may be material and could increase the year over year variability of our financial results.
Income taxes. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates to record the tax effect of temporary
differences between the book and tax basis of recorded assets and liabilities. We record valuation allowances to reduce deferred
tax assets to the amounts that we estimate are probable to be realized. When assessing the need for valuation allowances, we
consider projected future taxable income and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. Should a change in circumstances
lead to a change in our judgments about the realizability of deferred tax assets in future years, we adjust the related valuation
allowances in the period that the change in circumstances occurs. We had valuation allowances of $5.3 million and $5.2 million
at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
We record an estimated income tax liability based on our best judgment of the amounts likely to be paid in the various tax
jurisdictions in which we operate. We record tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a
tax return when such benefits meet a more likely than not threshold. We recognize interest related to unrecognized tax benefits
in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses. The tax liabilities ultimately paid are dependent on a number of factors,
including the resolution of tax audits, and may differ ﬁom the amounts recorded. Tax liabilities are adjusted through income
when it becomes probable that the actual liability differs from the amount recorded.
No deferred US. income taxes have been provided on undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries, which amounted
to $422.3 million as of December 31, 2016. These earnings are considered to be reinvested for an indefinite period of time.
Because we currently do not have any plans to repatriate these funds, we cannot determine the impact of local taxes,
withholding taxes and foreign tax credits associated with the future repatriation of such earnings and, therefore, cannot
reasonably estimate the associated tax liability. In cases where we intend to repatriate a portion of the undistributed earnings of
our foreign subsidiaries, we provide US. income taxes on such earnings.
Pensions and other post-retirement beneﬁts. We sponsor certain pension and other post-retirement benefit plans.
Accounting for the net periodic benefit costs and credits for these plans requires us to estimate the cost of benefits to be
provided well into the future and to attribute these costs over the expected work life of the employees participating in these
3 1