Expenses
Our level of profitability is also impacted by our expenses, including direct costs to support our revenue such as bandwidth
and co—location costs. We have observed the following trends related to our profitability in recent years:
° Network bandwidth costs represent a significant portion of our cost of revenue. Historically, we have been able to
mitigate increases in these costs by reducing our network bandwidth costs per unit and investing in internal-use
software development to improve the performance and efficiency of our network. Our total bandwidth costs may
increase in the future as a result of expected higher traffic levels and serving more traffic from higher cost regions. We
will need to continue to effectively manage our bandwidth costs to maintain current levels of profitability.
° Co-location costs are also a significant portion of our cost of revenue. By improving our internal-use software and
managing our hardware deployments to enable us to use servers more efficiently, we have been able to manage the
growth of co-location costs. We expect to continue to scale our network in the future and will need to continue to
effectively manage our co-location costs to maintain current levels of profitability.
- Due to the fixed nature of some of our co-location and bandwidth costs over a minimum time period, it may not be
possible to quickly reduce those costs. If our revenue growth rate declines, our profitability could decrease.
- Payroll and related compensation costs have grown as we have increased headcount to support our revenue growth and
strategic initiatives. We increased our headcount by 406 employees during the year ended December 31, 2016. During
the year ended December 31, 2015, we increased our headcount by 979 employees. We expect to continue to hire
additional employees, both domestically and internationally, in support of our strategic initiatives.
Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have also impacted our reported results. Revenue and expenses of our
operations outside of the US. are important contributors to our overall financial performance, and as currencies have weakened
against the US. dollar, our revenue has been negatively impacted and our expenses have been positively impacted. If foreign
currency exchange rates during the year ended December 31, 2016 had remained the same as exchange rates during the year
ended December 31, 2015, our revenue would have increased by 7% as opposed to 6%. Conversely, diluted earnings per share
would have decreased by 1% as opposed to increasing by 1%. If foreign currency exchange rates during the year ended
December 31, 2015 had remained the same as exchange rates during the year ended December 31, 2014, our revenue would
have increased by 16% as opposed to 12%. Similarly, diluted earnings per share would have increased by 2% as opposed to
decreasing 3% had exchange rates remained constant during the same period.
In recent years, we have used strategic acquisitions to complement and augment existing technological capabilities. During
2016, 2015 and 2014 we completed various acquisitions which were immaterial to our financial results as a whole during those
years, but have contributed to increases in our revenue and level of expenses. Also in February 2014, we completed an offering
of $690.0 million in par value of convertible senior notes. The notes do not bear regular interest, but have an effective interest
rate of 3.2% attributable to the conversion feature.
27