The decrease in the provision for income taxes in 2015 as compared to 2014 was mainly due to the retroactive application
of a US. tax court ruling with respect to the treatment of stock-based compensation in intercompany arrangements and the
composition of income from foreign jurisdictions with lower tax rates than the statutory tax rates in the US. These benefits
were partially offset by the effects of accounting for stock-based compensation in accordance with the authoritative guidance
for share-based payments.
Our effective income tax rate may ﬂuctuate between fiscal years and from quarter to quarter due to items arising from
discrete events, such as tax benefits from the disposition of employee equity awards, settlements of tax audits and assessments
and tax law changes. Our effective income tax rate is also impacted by, and may ﬂuctuate in any given period because of, the
composition of income in foreign jurisdictions where tax rates differ depending on the local statutory rates.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
In addition to providing financial measurements based on accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., or GAAP,
we publicly discuss additional financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP, or non-GAAP financial
measures. Management uses non-GAAP financial measures, in addition to GAAP financial measures, to understand and
compare operating results across accounting periods, for financial and operational decision-making, for planning and
forecasting purposes, to measure executive compensation and to evaluate our financial performance. These non-GAAP
financial measures are: non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP
net income per diluted share, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin and impact of foreign currency exchange rates, as
discussed below.
Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures reﬂect our ongoing business in a manner that facilitates
meaningful comparisons and analysis of trends in the business, as they assist in the comparison of financial results across
accounting periods and to those of our peer companies. Management also believes that these non-GAAP financial measures
enable investors to evaluate our operating results and future prospects in the same manner as management. These non-GAAP
financial measures may also exclude expenses and gains that may be unusual in nature, infrequent or not reﬂective of our
ongoing operating results.
The non-GAAP financial measures do not replace the presentation of our GAAP financial measures and should only be
used as a supplement to, not as a substitute for, our financial results presented in accordance with GAAP.
The non-GAAP adjustments, and our basis for excluding them from non-GAAP financial measures, are outlined below:
- Amortization of acquired intangible assets —- We have incurred amortization of intangible assets, included in our
GAAP financial statements, related to various acquisitions we have made. The amount of an acquisition's purchase
price allocated to intangible assets and term of its related amortization can vary significantly and are unique to each
acquisition; therefore, we exclude amortization of acquired intangible assets from our non-GAAP financial measures
to provide investors with a consistent basis for comparing pre- and post-acquisition operating results.
° Stock-based compensation and amortization of capitalized stock-based compensation — Although stock-based
compensation is an important aspect of the compensation paid to our employees, the grant date fair value varies based
on the stock price at the time of grant, varying valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of
award types. This makes the comparison of our current financial results to previous and future periods difficult to
evaluate; therefore, we believe it is useful to exclude stock-based compensation and amortization of capitalized stock-
based compensation from our non-GAAP financial measures in order to highlight the performance of our core business
and to be consistent with the way many investors evaluate our performance and compare our operating results to peer
companies.
- Acquisition-related costs — Acquisition-related costs include transaction fees, advisory fees, due diligence costs and
other direct costs associated with strategic activities. In addition, subsequent adjustments to our initial estimated
amounts of contingent consideration and indemnification associated with specific acquisitions are included within
acquisition-related costs. These amounts are impacted by the timing and size of the acquisitions. We exclude
acquisition-related costs from our non-GAAP financial measures to provide a useful comparison of our operating
results to prior periods and to our peer companies because such amounts vary significantly based on the magnitude of
our acquisition transactions.
35