Capitalized costs include external consulting fees, payroll and payroll-related costs and stock-based compensation for
employees in the Company’s development and information technology groups who are directly associated with, and who devote
time to, the Company’s internal-use software projects. Capitalization begins when the planning stage is complete and the
Company commits resources to the software project, and continues during the application development stage. Capitalization
ceases when the software has been tested and is ready for its intended use. Costs incurred during the planning, training and post-
implementation stages of the software development life-cycle are expensed as incurred. The Company amortizes completed
internal-use software that is used on its network to cost of revenue over its estimated useful life.
Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation
The Company recognizes compensation costs for all stock-based payment awards made to employees based upon the awards’
grant-date fair value. The stock-based payment awards include stock options, restricted stock units, deferred stock units and
employee stock purchases related to the Company’s employee stock purchase plan.
For stock options, the Company has selected the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of stock
option awards. For stock awards with market-based vesting conditions, the Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation to determine
the fair value of the award. For stock options, restricted stock units and deferred stock units that contain only a service-based
vesting feature, the Company recognizes compensation cost on a straight-line basis over the award's vesting period. For awards
with a performance condition-based vesting feature, the Company recognizes compensation cost on a graded-vesting basis over
the award's expected vesting period, commencing when achievement of the performance condition is deemed probable. In
addition, for awards that vest and become exercisable only upon achievement of specified performance conditions, the Company
makes judgments and estimates each quarter about the probability that such performance conditions will be met or achieved. Any
changes to those estimates that the Company makes from time to time may have a significant impact on the stock-based
compensation expense recorded and could materially impact the Company’s results of operations.
Foreign Currency Translation and Forward Currency Contracts
The assets and liabilities of the Company's subsidiaries are translated at the applicable exchange rate as of the balance sheet
date, and revenue and expenses are translated at an average rate over the period. Resulting currency translation adjustments are
recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss, a separate component of stockholders’ equity. Gains and
losses on inter-company and other non-functional currency transactions are recorded in other income (expense), net.
The Company enters into short-term foreign currency forward contracts to offset foreign exchange gains and losses generated
by the re-measurement of certain assets and liabilities recorded in non-functional currencies. Changes in the fair value of these
derivatives, as well as re-measurement gains and losses, are recognized in current earnings in other income (expense), net. As of
December 31, 2016 and 2015, the fair value of the forward currency contracts and the underlying net gains for the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were immaterial.
The Company's foreign currency forward contracts may be exposed to credit risk to the extent that its counterparties are
unable to meet the terms of the agreements. The Company seeks to minimize counterparty credit (or repayment) risk by entering
into transactions only with major financial institutions of investment grade credit rating.
Taxes
The Company's provision for income taxes is comprised of a current and a deferred portion. The current income tax provision
is calculated as the estimated taxes payable or refundable on tax returns for the current year. The deferred income tax provision is
calculated as the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards using expected tax rates in
effect during the years in which the differences are expected to reverse or the carryforwards are expected to be realized.
The Company currently has net deferred tax assets consisting of net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards, tax credit
carryforwards and deductible temporary differences. Management periodically weighs the positive and negative evidence to
determine if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized.
The Company has recorded certain tax reserves to address potential exposures involving its income tax and sales and use tax
positions. These potential tax liabilities result from the varying application of statutes, rules, regulations and interpretations by
different taxing jurisdictions. The Company's estimate of the value of its tax reserves contains assumptions based on past
experiences and judgments about the interpretation of statutes, rules and regulations by taxing jurisdictions. It is possible that the
costs of the ultimate tax liability or benefit from these matters may be more or less than the amount the Company estimated.
59