Customers
As of December 31, 2016, our customers included many of the world's leading corporations, including Airbnb, Apple,
Autodesk, Bristol Myers Squibb, Cathay Pacific, The Coca-Cola Company, Crate & Barrel, eBay, Electronic Arts, FedEx, Ford
Motor Company, FOX, General Electric, Home Depot, HubSpot, IKEA, Investec, JetBlue, Marriott, NBCUniversal, Norwegian
Cruise Line, Panasonic, Panera Bread, PayPal, Qantas, Qualcomm, Rabobank, Rakuten, Salesforcecom, Siemens,
Ticketmaster, Toshiba, Turner Broadcasting, Ubisoft and Viacom. We also actively sell to government agencies. As
of December 31, 2016, our public sector customers included the Federal Aviation Administration, the Federal Emergency
Management Agency, the US. Census Bureau, the US. Department of Defense, the US. Postal Service, the US. Department
of Labor and the US. Securities and Exchange Commission.
No customer accounted for 10% or more of total revenue for any of the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Six of our customers that are large Internet platform companies: Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft and Netﬂix, or
our Internet Platform Customers, in aggregate, accounted for 11%, 17% and 18% of our total revenue during the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Less than 10% of our total revenue in each of the years ended December 31,
2016, 2015 and 2014 was derived from contracts or subcontracts terminable at the election of the federal government, and we
do not expect such contracts to account for more than 10% of our total revenue in 2017.
Sales, Service and Marketing
We market and sell our solutions globally through our direct sales and service organization and through more than 250
active channel partners including AT&T, Deutsche Telecom, IBM, Orange Business Services and Telefonica Group. In addition
to entering into agreements with resellers, we have several other types of sales and marketing focused alliances with entities
such as system integrators, application service providers, referral partners and sales agents. By aligning with these partners, we
believe we are better able to market our services and encourage increased adoption of our technology throughout the industry.
Our sales, service and marketing professionals are located in more than 60 offices in the Americas, Europe, the Middle
East and Asia and focus on direct and channel sales, sales operations, professional services, account management and technical
consulting. As of December 31, 2016, we had 3,153 employees in this organization.
To support our sales efforts and promote the Akamai brand, we conduct comprehensive marketing programs. Our
marketing strategies include an active public relations campaign, print advertisements, online advertisements, participation at
trade shows, strategic alliances, ongoing customer communication programs, training and sales support.
Competition
The market for our services is intensely competitive and characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry
standards and frequent new product and service innovations. We expect competition for our services to increase both from
existing competitors and new market entrants. We compete primarily on the basis of:
- the performance and reliability of our services;
- return on investment in terms of cost savings and new revenue opportunities for our customers;
- reduced infrastructure complexity;
° sophistication and functionality of our offerings;
° scalability;
° security;
° ease of implementation and use of service;
- customer support; and
- price.
We compete with companies offering products and services that address Internet performance problems, including
companies that provide Internet content delivery and hosting services, security solutions, technologies used by network
operators to improve the efficiency of their systems, streaming content delivery services and equipment-based solutions for
Internet performance problems, such as load balancers and server switches. Other companies offer online distribution of digital
media assets through advertising-based billing or revenue-sharing models that may represent an alternative method for charging
for the delivery of content and applications over the Internet. In addition, existing and potential customers may decide to
purchase or develop their own hardware, software or other technology solutions rather than rely on a provider of externally-
managed services like Akamai.
9