The information technology industry and the markets in which we compete are constantly evolving, which makes our future
business strategies, practices and results difficult to predict
The information technology industry and the markets in which we compete have grown significantly over the life of our
company and continue to evolve rapidly in response to new technological advances, changing business models and other
factors. We and the other companies that compete in this industry and these markets experience continually shifting business
relationships, commercial focuses and business priorities, all of which occur in reaction to industry and market forces and the
emergence of new opportunities. These shifts have led or could lead to:
° our customers or partners becoming our competitors;
° our network suppliers becoming partners with us or, conversely, no longer seeking to work with us;
° our working more closely with hardware providers;
0 large technology companies that previously did not appear to ShOW interest in the markets we seek to address entering
into those markets as competitors; and
° needing to expand into new lines of business or to change or abandon existing strategies.
The Internet itself is constantly evolving. There could develop an inﬂection point above which global usage of the Internet
increases to a level that causes our current approaches to the delivery of content and applications to no longer be sustainable at
current levels of profitability or at all. We also need to continue to manage successfully the transition from the IPv4 protocol to
IPv6.
With this constantly changing environment, our future business strategies, practices and results may be difficult to predict,
and we may face operational difficulties in adjusting to the changes. Any of these developments could harm our business.
If we are unable to compete effectively, our business will be adversely affected
We compete in markets that are intensely competitive and rapidly changing. Our current and potential competitors vary by
size, product and service offerings, and geographic region and range from start-ups that offer solutions competing with a
discrete part of our business to large technology or telecommunications companies that offer, or may be planning to introduce,
products and services that are broadly competitive with what we do. The primary competitive factors in our market are:
excellence of technology, global presence, customer service, technical expertise, security, ease-of-use, breadth of services
offered, price and financial strength. Competitors include some of our current partners and customers.
Many of our current and potential competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources,
larger customer bases, longer operating histories, greater brand recognition and more established relationships in the industry
than we do. As a result, some of these competitors may be able to:
° develop superior products or services, gain greater market acceptance, and expand their service offerings more
efficiently or more rapidly;
° adapt to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements more quickly;
° take advantage of acquisition and other opportunities more readily;
° adopt more aggressive pricing policies and allocate greater resources to the promotion, marketing, and sales of their
services; and
° dedicate greater resources to the research and development of their products and services.
Smaller and more nimble competitors may be able to:
° attract customers by offering less sophisticated versions of services than we provide at lower prices than those we
charge;
° develop new business models that are disruptive to us; and
0 respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies, changes in customer requirements and market and
industry developments, resulting in superior offerings.
Existing and potential customers may not purchase our services, or may limit their use of them, because they:
° pursue a "do-it-yourself' approach by putting in place equipment, software and other technology solutions for content
and application delivery within their internal systems;
° enter into relationships directly with network providers instead of relying on an overlay network like ours; or
- implement multi-vendor policies to reduce reliance on external providers like us.
12