Item 1A. Risk Factors
The following are important factors that could cause our actual operating results to differ materially from those indicated or
suggested by forward-looking statements made in this annual report on Form 10-K or presented elsewhere by management
from time to time.
If we do not continue to innovate and develop solutions and technologies that are useful for our customers or that improve
our operating efficiencies, our operating results may suﬂer.
We have been in business for nearly two decades and consider ourselves pioneers in the development of content and
application delivery solutions. As the information technology industry evolves, however, it may become increasingly difficult
for us to maintain a technological advantage. In particular, our traditional offerings risk becoming commoditized as competitors
or even current or former customers seek to replicate them such that we must lower the prices we charge, reducing the
profitability of such offerings, or risk losing such business. We believe, therefore, that developing or acquiring innovative, high-
margin solutions is key to our revenue growth and profitability. We must do so in a rapidly-changing technology environment
where it can be difficult to anticipate the needs of potential customers, where competitors may develop products and services
that are, or may be viewed as, better than ours and where it can be costly to acquire other companies. The process of developing
new solutions is complex and uncertain; we must commit significant resources to developing new services or features without
knowing whether our investments will result in services the market will accept. This could cause our expenses to grow more
rapidly than our revenue. There is often a lengthy period between commencing development initiatives and bringing new or
improved solutions to market. During this time, the technology preferences, customer demand and market for our solutions, or
those introduced by our competitors, may move in directions that we had not anticipated. Furthermore, we may not
successfully execute our technology initiatives because of errors in planning, timing or execution, technical or operational
hurdles that we fail to overcome in a timely fashion or a lack of appropriate resources. Failure to adequately develop, on a cost-
effective basis, innovative new or enhanced solutions that are attractive to customers and to keep pace with rapid technological
and market changes could have a material effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash ﬂows.
Slower traﬂic growth on our network and numerous other factors could cause our revenue growth rate to slow and
proﬁtability to decline.
Increasing traffic on our network is key to our revenue growth and profitability. Numerous factors can impact traffic
growth including:
° the pace of introduction of over-the-top (often referred to as OTT) video delivery initiatives by our customers;
° the popularity of our customers' streaming offerings as compared to those offered by companies that do not use our
services;
° customers, particularly large Internet platform companies, utilizing their own data centers and implementing delivery
approaches that limit or eliminate reliance on third party providers like us; and
- macro-economic market and industry pressures.
We base our decisions about expense levels and investments on estimates of our future revenue and future anticipated rate of
growth. Many of our expenses are fixed cost in nature for some minimum amount of time, such as with co—location and
bandwidth providers, so it may not be possible to reduce costs in a timely manner or without the payment of fees to exit certain
obligations early. If we experience slower traffic growth on our network than we expect or than we have experienced in recent
years, our revenue growth rate will slow, and we may not be able to maintain our current level of profitability in 2017 or on a
quarterly or annual basis thereafter.
Our profitability may also decline in future periods as a result of a number of other factors unrelated to traffic growth,
including:
- inability to increase sales of our core services and advanced features;
0 increased headcount expenses;
° changes in our customers' business models that we do not fully anticipate or that we fail to address adequately; and
0 increased reliance by customers on our secure socket layer, or SSL, network which is more expensive to maintain and
operate.
1 1