Capitalized Internal— Use Software Costs
We capitalize salaries and related costs, including stock-based compensation, of employees and consultants who devote
time to the development of internal-use software development projects, as well as interest expense related to our senior
convertible notes. Capitalization begins during the application development stage, once the preliminary project stage has been
completed. If a project constitutes an enhancement to previously-developed software, we assess whether the enhancement
creates additional functionality to the software, thus qualifying the work incurred for capitalization. Once the project is
available for general release, capitalization ceases and we estimate the useful life of the asset and begin amortization. We
periodically assess whether triggering events are present to review internal-use software for impairment. Changes in our
estimates related to internal-use software would increase or decrease operating expenses or amortization recorded during the
period.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Interest Rate Risk
Our portfolio of cash equivalents and short- and long-term investments is maintained in a variety of securities, including
US. government agency obligations, high-quality corporate debt securities, commercial paper, mutual funds and money market
funds. The majority of our investments are classified as available-for—sale securities and carried at fair market value with
cumulative unrealized gains or losses recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss within stockholders'
equity. A sharp rise in interest rates could have an adverse impact on the fair market value of certain securities in our portfolio.
We do not currently hedge our interest rate exposure and do not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative
purposes.
Foreign Currency Risk
Growth in our international operations will incrementally increase our exposure to foreign currency ﬂuctuations as well as
other risks typical of international operations that could impact our business, including, but not limited to, differing economic
conditions, changes in political climate, differing tax structures and other regulations and restrictions.
Transaction Exposure
Foreign exchange rate ﬂuctuations may adversely impact our consolidated results of operations as exchange rate
ﬂuctuations on transactions denominated in currencies other than our functional currencies result in gains and losses that are
reﬂected in our consolidated statements of income. We enter into short-term foreign currency forward contracts to offset
foreign exchange gains and losses generated by the re-measurement of certain assets and liabilities recorded in non-functional
currencies. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives, as well as re-measurement gains and losses, are recognized in our
consolidated statements of income within other income (expense), net. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses from these
forward contracts were determined to be immaterial during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. We do not
enter into derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.
Translation Exposure
To the extent the US. dollar weakens against foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign currency-denominated
transactions will result in increased revenue and operating expenses. Conversely, our revenue and operating expenses will
decrease when the US. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies.
Foreign exchange rate ﬂuctuations may also adversely impact our consolidated financial condition as the assets and
liabilities of our foreign operations are translated into US. dollars in preparing our consolidated balance sheet. These gains or
losses are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss within stockholders' equity.
Credit Risk
Concentrations of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable are limited to certain customers to which we make
substantial sales. Our customer base consists of a large number of geographically dispersed customers diversified across
numerous industries. We believe that our accounts receivable credit risk exposure is limited. As of December 31, 2016 and
2015, no customer had an accounts receivable balance of 10% or more of our accounts receivable. We believe that at
December 31, 2016, the concentration of credit risk related to accounts receivable was insignificant.
46