Legal Matters
We are party to various litigation matters that management considers routine and incidental to its business. Management
does not expect the results of any of these routine actions to have a material effect on our business, results of operations,
financial condition or cash ﬂows.
In November 2015, Limelight filed a complaint in the US. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia against
Akamai and X0 Communications LLC, or XO, alleging patent infringement by the two companies. The complaint alleges that
Akamai and X0 infringed six of Limelight’s content delivery patents. The complaint seeks to recover from Akamai and X0
significant monetary damages based upon lost revenue due to infringing technology used by the companies. We have agreed to
indemnify XO for damages it incurs in this matter. We have made counterclaims in the action against Limelight alleging that
Limelight has infringed five Akamai content delivery patents, and we are seeking monetary damages based upon lost revenue
due to the infringing technology used by Limelight. The case is scheduled for trial in May 2017. We currently believe that the
outcome of this litigation will not have a material impact on our business.
Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies and Estimates
See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on Form lO—K for information
regarding recent and newly adopted accounting pronouncements.
Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Overview
Our MD&A is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP.
These principles require us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and
expenses, cash ﬂow and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Our estimates include those related to revenue
recognition, accounts receivable and related reserves, valuation and impairment of marketable securities, capitalized internal-
use software development costs, goodwill and acquired intangible assets, income tax reserves, impairment and useful lives of
long-lived assets and stock-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances at the time such estimates are made. Actual results may
differ from these estimates. For a complete description of our significant accounting policies, see Note 2 to our consolidated
financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on Form lO—K.
Deﬁnitions
We define our critical accounting policies as those policies that require us to make subjective estimates and judgments
about matters that are uncertain and are likely to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Our estimates
are based upon assumptions and judgments about matters that are highly uncertain at the time an accounting estimate is made
and applied and require us to assess a range of potential outcomes.
Review of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Revenue Recognition
Revenue is recognized only when the price is fixed or determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the
service is performed and collectability of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured.
We primarily derive revenue from sales of services to customers executing contracts with terms of one year or longer.
These contracts generally commit the customer to a minimum monthly, quarterly or annual level of usage and specify the rate
at which the customer must pay for actual usage above the monthly, quarterly or annual minimum. For contracts with a
monthly commitment, we recognize the monthly minimum as revenue each month, provided that an enforceable contract has
been signed by both parties, the service has been delivered to the customer, the fee for the service is fixed or determinable and
collection is reasonably assured. Should a customer ’5 usage of our service exceed the monthly minimum, we recognize revenue
for such excess usage in the period of the additional usage. For annual or other non-monthly period revenue commitments, we
recognize revenue monthly based upon the customer ’5 actual usage each month of the commitment period and only recognize
any remaining committed amount for the applicable period in the last month thereof.
42