volume, geography and industry lines. The Company allocates arrangement consideration across the multiple elements using the
relative selling price method.
At the inception of a customer contract, the Company makes an assessment as to that customer’s ability to pay for the
services provided. The Company bases its assessment on a combination of factors, including the successful completion of a credit
check or financial review, its collection experience with the customer and other forms of payment assurance. Upon the completion
of these steps, the Company recognizes revenue monthly in accordance with its revenue recognition policy. If the Company
subsequently determines that collection from the customer is not reasonably assured, the Company records an allowance for
doubtful accounts and bad debt expense for all of that customer ’5 unpaid invoices and ceases recognizing revenue for continued
services provided until cash is received from the customer. Changes in the Company’s estimates and judgments about whether
collection is reasonably assured would change the timing of revenue or amount of bad debt expense that the Company recognizes.
The Company also sells its services through reseller channels. Assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met, the
Company recognizes revenue from reseller arrangements based on the reseller’s contracted non-refundable minimum purchase
commitments over the term of the contract, plus amounts sold by the reseller to its customers in excess of the minimum
commitments. Amounts attributable to this excess usage are recognized as revenue in the period in which the service is provided.
From time to time, the Company enters into contracts to sell its services or license its technology to unrelated enterprises at
or about the same time that it enters into contracts to purchase products or services from the same enterprises. If the Company
concludes that these contracts were negotiated concurrently, the Company records as revenue only the net cash received from the
vendor, unless the product or service received has a separate identifiable benefit and the fair value of the vendor’s product or
service can be established objectively.
The Company may from time to time resell licenses or services of third parties. The Company records revenue for these
transactions on a gross basis when the Company has risk of loss related to the amounts purchased from the third party and the
Company adds value to the license or service, such as by providing maintenance or support for such license or service. If these
conditions are present, the Company recognizes revenue when all other revenue recognition criteria are satisfied.
Deferred revenue represents amounts billed to customers for which revenue has not been recognized. Deferred revenue
primarily consists of the unearned portion of monthly billed service fees, prepayments made by customers for future periods,
deferred integration and activation set-up fees and amounts billed under customer arrangements with extended payment terms.
Cost of Revenue
Cost of revenue consists primarily of fees paid to network providers for bandwidth and to third party network data centers for
housing servers, also known as co-location costs. Cost of revenue also includes employee costs for services delivery and network
operation, build-out and support of the Company's network; network storage costs; cost of software licenses; depreciation of
network equipment used to deliver the Company’s services; amortization of network-related internal-use software; and costs for
the production of live events. The Company enters into contracts for bandwidth with third party network providers with terms
typically ranging from several months to five years. These contracts generally commit the Company to pay minimum monthly
fees plus additional fees for bandwidth usage above the committed level. In some circumstances, Internet service providers
(“ISPs”) make rack space available for the Company’s servers and access to their bandwidth at a discount or no cost. In exchange,
the ISP and its customers benefit by receiving content through a local Company server resulting in better content delivery. The
Company does not consider these relationships to represent the culmination of an earnings process. Accordingly, the Company
does not recognize as revenue the value to the ISPs associated with the use of the Company’s servers, nor does the Company
recognize as expense the value of the rack space and bandwidth received at discounted or no cost.
Research and Development Costs and Capitalized Internal— Use Software
Research and development costs consist primarily of payroll and related personnel costs for the design, development,
deployment, testing and enhancement of the Company’s services and network. Costs incurred in the development of the
Company’s services are expensed as incurred, except certain internal-use software development costs eligible for capitalization.
58