Geo-political events such as the United Kingdom's vote in June 2016 to withdraw from the European Union, commonly
referred to as Brexit, may increase the likelihood of certain of these risks materializing or heighten their impact on us in
affected regions. In particular, it is possible that the level of economic activity in the United Kingdom and the rest of Europe
will be adversely impacted and that we will face increased regulatory and legal complexities, including those related to tax,
trade, security and employees as a result of Brexit. Such changes could be costly and potentially disruptive to our operations
and business relationships in affected markets.
In addition, compliance with complex foreign and US. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations
increases our cost of doing business. These numerous, rapidly-changing and sometimes conﬂicting laws and regulations include
internal control and disclosure rules, data privacy and filtering requirements, anti-corruption laws, such as the US. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, the UK Bribery Act and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, and
antitrust and competition regulations, among others. Violations of these laws and regulations by our employees or partners
could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of
our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our
brand, our global operations, any international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business, and
our financial statements. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these
laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors or agents will not violate our policies or
applicable laws.
We entered into a Non-Prosecution Agreement with the Commission in June 2016 in connection with the previously-
disclosed investigation relating to sales practices in a country outside the US. In the event we violate the terms of this Non—
Prosecution Agreement, we could be subject to additional investigation or enforcement by the Commission or the Department
of Justice. In addition, whether by virtue of disclosure of the Non-Prosecution Agreement or otherwise, we may be subject to
investigations by foreign governments. Any such investigations or enforcement actions could have a material adverse effect on
us.
Defects or disruptions in our services could diminish demand for our solutions or subject us to substantial liability.
Our services are highly complex and are designed to be deployed in and across numerous large and complex networks that
we do not control. From time to time, we have needed to correct errors and defects in the software that underlies our services
and platform that have given rise to service incidents. We have also experienced customer dissatisfaction with the quality of
some of our media delivery and other services, which has led to loss of business and could lead to loss of customers in the
future. There may be additional errors and defects in our software that may adversely affect our operations. We may not have in
place adequate quality assurance procedures to ensure that we detect errors in our software in a timely manner, and we may
have insufficient resources to efficiently cope with multiple service incidents happening simultaneously or in rapid succession.
If we are unable to efficiently and cost-effectively fix errors or other problems that may be identified and improve the quality of
our services, or if there are unidentified errors that allow persons to improperly access our services, we could experience loss of
revenue and market share, damage to our reputation, increased expenses, delayed payments and legal actions by our customers.
Government regulation is evolving, and unfavorable changes could harm our business.
Laws and regulations that apply to communications and commerce over the Internet are becoming more prevalent. In
particular, domestic and foreign government attempts to regulate the operation of the Internet could negatively impact our
business. While regulations recently adopted by the US. Federal Communications Commission that govern certain aspects of
the operation of the Internet (such as content blocking and throttling and paid prioritization) do not apply to content delivery
network providers like us, there is no guarantee that future regulatory and legislative initiatives or changes, including as a result
of the election of the new US. presidential administration, will not impact our business. In particular, it is difficult to predict
how the regulatory environment in the US. will change as a result of the new presidential administration or whether any
changes will have an adverse or favorable impact on our business.
Increasing regulatory focus on privacy issues and expanding laws and regulations could expose us to increased liability.
Privacy laws, including the new European Union General Data Protection Regulation, are rapidly changing and evolving
globally. Governments, privacy advocates and class action attorneys are increasingly scrutinizing how companies collect,
process, use, store, share and transmit personal data. New laws and industry self-regulatory codes have been enacted and more
are being considered that may affect our ability to reach current and prospective customers, to understand how our products and
services are being used, to respond to customer requests allowed under the laws, and how we use data generated from our
network. Any perception that our business practices, data collection activities or how our services operate represent an invasion
of privacy, whether or not consistent with current regulations and industry practices, may subject us to public criticism (or
17