We may issue additional shares of our common stock or instruments convertible into shares of our common stock and
thereby materially and adversely aﬂect the market price of our common stock.
Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue additional shares of our common stock or other instruments convertible
into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of our common stock. If we issue additional shares of our common stock or
instruments convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of our common stock, it may materially and adversely
affect the market price of our common stock.
Our sales to government clients subject us to risks including early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and
penalties.
We have customer contracts with the US. government, as well as foreign, state and local governments and their respective
agencies. Such government entities often have the right to terminate these contracts at any time, without cause. There is
increased pressure for governments and their agencies, both domestically and internationally, to reduce spending. Most of our
government contracts are subject to legislative approval of appropriations to fund the expenditures under these contracts. These
factors combine to potentially limit the revenue we derive from government contracts in the future. Additionally, government
contracts generally have requirements that are more complex than those found in commercial enterprise agreements and
therefore are more costly to comply with. Such contracts are also subject to audits and investigations that could result in civil
and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received,
forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from future government business.
We may become involved in litigation that may adversely impact our business.
From time to time, we are or may become involved in various legal proceedings relating to matters incidental to the
ordinary course of our business, including patent, commercial, product liability, employment, class action, whistleblower and
other litigation and claims, and governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. In addition, under our
charter, we could be required to indemnify and advance expenses to our directors and officers in connection with their
involvement in certain actions, suits, investigations and other proceedings. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert
management’s attention and resources and cause us to incur significant expenses.
We are currently involved in litigation with one of our competitors, Limelight Networks, Inc., or Limelight, involving
claims for patent infringement. Limelight has asserted that it is entitled to significant damages. While we challenge the basis
of the underlying claims and amount of such assertions, if such action were to be decided against our favor and a court were to
award Limelight significant damages, our business and financial condition would be adversely impacted.
Furthermore, because litigation is inherently unpredictable and may not be covered by insurance, there can be no assurance
that the results of the Limelight litigation or any of these other matters will not have an adverse impact on our business, results
of operations, financial condition or cash ﬂows.
General global market and economic conditions may have an adverse impact on our operating performance, results of
operations and cash ﬂows.
Our business has been and could continue to be affected by general global economic and market conditions. To the extent
economic conditions impair our customers' ability to profitably monetize the content we deliver on their behalf, they may
reduce or eliminate the traffic we deliver for them. Such reductions in traffic would lead to a reduction in our revenue.
Additionally, in a down-cycle economic environment, we may experience the negative effects of increased competitive pricing
pressure, customer loss, a slow down in commerce over the Internet and corresponding decrease in traffic delivered over our
network and failures by customers to pay amounts owed to us on a timely basis or at all. Suppliers on which we rely for servers,
bandwidth, co-location and other services could also be negatively impacted by economic conditions that, in turn, could have a
negative impact on our operations or expenses. There can be no assurance, therefore, that current economic conditions or
worsening economic conditions or a prolonged or recurring recession will not have a significant adverse impact on our
operating results.
2 1