Uncertainty in income taxes is recognized in the Company's consolidated financial statements using a two-step process. First,
the tax position must be evaluated to determine the likelihood that it will be sustained upon external examination. If the tax
position is deemed more-likely-than—not to be sustained, the tax position is then assessed to determine the amount of benefit to
recognize in the financial statements. The amount of the benefit that may be recognized is the largest amount that has a greater
than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
The Company has elected to account for the indirect income tax effects of stock-based compensation as provision for income
taxes. This primarily includes the impact of the research and development tax credit and the domestic production activities
deduction.
N ewly—Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued updated guidance to simplify the presentation of
debt issuance costs on the balance sheets. This guidance moved debt issuance costs from the assets section of the balance sheet to
the liabilities section as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt issued. The Company retrospectively adopted the
guidance on January 1, 2016. The prior period consolidated balance sheet presented, as of December 31, 2015, was revised to
reclassify $6.2 million of debt issuance costs included in other assets to convertible senior notes. This had the impact of reducing
the Company's total assets and total liabilities by $6.2 million, as of December 31, 2015. This reclassification did not have a
material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.
In September 2015, the FASB issued updated guidance that eliminates the requirement that an acquirer in a business
combination account for measurement period adjustments retrospectively. In an effort to reduce complexity in financial reporting,
the new guidance requires that the cumulative impact of a measurement period adjustment, including the impact on prior periods,
be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment is identified. The standard was effective for and adopted by the
Company on January 1, 2016. This guidance did not have an impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements as the
measurement periods for the Company's 2015 acquisitions were closed as of December 31, 2015.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
In May 2014, the FASB issued updated guidance and disclosure requirements for recognizing revenue. The new revenue
recognition standard provides a five-step model for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle is that
a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reﬂects
the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new standard can be
adopted using one of two methods: retrospectively to each prior period presented or a modified retrospective application by
recognizing a cumulative-effect adjustment as a component of equity as of the date of adoption.
The updated guidance modifies certain judgments and estimates that the Company currently makes as it relates to
recognizing revenue. Upon adoption of the new revenue standard, integration fee revenue that was previously recognized ratably
over the estimated life of the customer arrangement will be recognized when integration has been completed, which will have the
effect of accelerating revenue from integration fees. In addition, the Company currently establishes a reserve for cash basis
customers if collectability is not reasonably assured and recognizes revenue as cash is collected. Upon adoption of the new
standard, revenue will be recognized for those customers when collectability becomes probable, rather than as cash is collected.
The Company is also assessing the impact of capitalizing costs associated with obtaining customer contracts, specifically
commission and incentive payments. Currently, these payments are expensed in the period they are incurred. Under the updated
guidance, these payments will be deferred on the Company's consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the expected life of
the customer contract.
This standard will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2018. The Company continues to evaluate the potential
impact of adopting this new accounting guidance on its consolidated financial statements.
In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance that requires companies to present assets and liabilities arising from leases with
a term greater than 12 months on the consolidated balance sheets. The updated standard aims to increase transparency and
comparability among organizations by requiring lessees to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet
and requiring disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. This will impact all leases, which include leases for real
estate and co—location facilities, among other arrangements currently under evaluation. The Company plans to adopt this standard
in the first quarter of 2019 and expects to record significant right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on its consolidated balance
sheets.
60