solution is architected to enable customers to reduce costs while delivering high-quality application experiences with
minimal bandwidth impact, regardless of device, connectivity or public/private cloud architectures.
Network Operator Solutions
With the growth in consumer adoption of Internet video and other media, carriers around the world have experienced
significant traffic increases, resulting in congestion across networks from aggregation, to backbone, to interconnection. Our
Network Operator offerings are designed to help carriers operate a cost-efficient network that capitalizes on traffic growth and
new subscriber services by reducing the complexity of building a CDN and interconnecting access providers. Similarly, our
Mobile Network Solutions address the need for tailored solutions to handle the unique complexities of using mobile networks
to offer access to content and applications. These offerings include:
0 Aura Licensed CDN — Aura Licensed CDN is a suite of solutions designed to empower network operators to build and
run a highly-scalable media content delivery network that efficiently delivers its own content as well as content from
Akamai customers and other targeted services, all utilizing a common HTTP caching infrastructure. The Aura
Licensed CDN federates with the Akamai Intelligent Platform, providing global delivery of operator content with a
single business agreement. The solution also includes HyperCache, a common HTTP caching layer in the network
that supports traffic ofﬂoad and delivery of content, and Request Router, a DNS-based content request router that
directs user requests to an optimal available CDN node.
0 Aura Managed CDN — Aura Managed CDN is a scalable, turnkey CDN solution designed to provide network
operators with CDN capabilities through an infrastructure that is maintained by Akamai. With it, an operator can
leverage the same CDN techniques used by Akamai, but on servers that are dedicated to the network operator's
services. Operators can deliver multi-screen video services and large objects, plus offer commercial CDN services,
relying on Akamai CDN experts and proven technology for content provisioning, delivery and reporting.
- Intelligent DNS Solutions — Our AnswerX offering is an intelligent recursive DNS platform built for effective
management of DNS traffic. To help make web services fast, safe and uniquely personal for subscribers, AnswerX
manages subscriber preferences (e.g., opt-in or opt-out), tracks popular destinations and maintains lists of typo
squatters (website addresses that are similar to popular ones but with misspelled names) and phishing domains.
Media Delivery Solutions
In recent years, streaming of movies, television and live events has come to represent a significant percentage of traffic on
the Internet. Providing solutions to handle that media is an important part of our current and future strategy. Our Media
Delivery Solutions are designed to enable enterprises to execute their digital media distribution strategies, not only by
providing solutions for their volume and global reach requirements but also by improving the end-user experience, boosting
reliability and reducing their cost of Internet-related infrastructure. Our offerings include:
0 Adaptive Delivery — We provide adaptive delivery solutions for streaming video content that are designed to cope
with variable connection speeds, different devices and disparate locations around the world.
- Download Delivery — Our download delivery offerings provide accelerated distribution for large file downloads,
including games, progressive media (video and audio) files, documents and other file-based content.
- Infinite Media Acceleration — These media delivery acceleration solutions are designed with the goal to bring
broadcast quality TV experiences to broadband.
- Media Services —- These services help simplify the preparation of online media with integrated transcoding, digital
rights management and content packaging designed to enable our customers to quickly and easily deliver live and on-
demand content to multiple types of devices and platforms.
- Media Analytics —- We offer a comprehensive suite of analytics tools to monitor online video viewer experiences and
the effectiveness of web software downloads, while measuring audience engagement, and quality of service
performance. These solutions are designed to provide actionable and relevant metrics to help businesses understand
their entire media workﬂow from ingest to device through four complementary modules: Quality of Service Monitor,
Viewer Diagnostics, Audience Analytics and Download Analytics.
7