Our operating results can be impacted by the actions and business life cycles of a small number of large customers.
Historically, our operating results have been subject to ﬂuctuations due to our dependence on several large customers,
particularly media companies, for a significant portion of our revenues. The amount of traffic we deliver on behalf of those
customers can vary significantly based on decisions they make about their businesses, including whether to start or delay new
business initiatives, build out their own networks to handle delivery, or implement or maintain multiple vendor strategies.
These approaches can change rapidly and unpredictably. While we believe that we will be less reliant on individual customers
in the future, we are likely to continue to face some uncertainty in forecasting our revenues as they relate to these customers
from quarter to quarter or over longer periods. We could also experience inconsistent revenue growth patterns and earnings as a
result of the behavior of these customers.
Our failure to effectively manage our operations as our business evolves could harm us.
Our future operating results will depend on our ability to manage our operations. As a result of the diversification of our
business, personnel growth, acquisitions and international expansion in recent years, many of our employees are now based
outside of our Cambridge, Massachusetts headquarters; however, most key management decisions are made by a relatively
small group of individuals based primarily at our headquarters. If we are unable to appropriately increase management depth,
enhance succession planning and decentralize our decision-making at a pace commensurate with our actual or desired growth
rates, we may not be able to achieve our financial or operational goals. It is also important to our continued success that we hire
qualified personnel, properly train them and manage out poorly-performing personnel, all while maintaining our corporate
culture and spirit of innovation. If we are not successful in these efforts, our growth and operations could be adversely affected.
As our business evolves, we must also expand and adapt our IT and operational infrastructure. Our business relies on our
data systems, billing systems and other operational and financial reporting and control systems. All of these systems have
become increasingly complex due to the diversification and complexity of our business, acquisitions of new businesses with
different systems and increased regulation over controls and procedures. To manage our technical support infrastructure
effectively and improve our sales efficiency, we will need to continue to upgrade and improve our data systems, billing systems,
ordering processes and other operational and financial systems, procedures and controls. These upgrades and improvements
may be difficult and costly. If we are unable to adapt our systems and organization in a timely, efficient and cost-effective
manner to accommodate changing circumstances, our business may be adversely affected. If the third parties we rely on for
hosted data solutions for our internal network and information systems are subject to a security breach or otherwise suffer
disruptions that impact the services we utilize, the integrity and availability of our internal information could be compromised
causing the loss of confidential or proprietary information, damage to our reputation and economic loss.
Our restructuring and reorganization activities may be disruptive to our operations and harm our business.
Over the past several years, we have implemented internal restructurings and reorganizations designed to reduce the size
and cost of our operations, improve operational efficiencies, enhance our ability to pursue market opportunities and accelerate
our technology development initiatives. We may take similar steps in the future as we seek to realize operating synergies,
optimize our operations to achieve our target operating model and profitability objectives, or better reﬂect changes in the
strategic direction of our business. Disruptions in operations have occurred and will likely continue to occur, including with
respect to our research and development efforts, as a result of taking these actions. Taking these actions may also result in
significant expense for us, including with respect to workforce reduction, as well as decreased productivity and unanticipated
employee turnover. Substantial expense or business disruptions resulting from restructuring and reorganization activities could
adversely affect our operating results.
If we are unable to retain our key employees and hire and retain qualified sales, technical, marketing and support
personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed
Our future success depends upon the services of our executive officers and other key technology, sales, marketing and
support personnel who have critical industry experience and relationships. There is significant competition for talented
individuals in the regions in which our primary offices are located, which affects both our ability to retain key employees and
hire new ones. In making employment decisions, particularly in our industry, job candidates and current personnel often
consider the value of stock-based compensation. Declines in the price of our stock could adversely affect our ability to attract or
retain key employees.
None of our officers or key employees is bound by an employment agreement for any specific term. Members of our senior
management team have left Akamai over the years for a variety of reasons, and we cannot be certain that there will not be
additional departures, which may be disruptive to our operations and detrimental to our future outlook. The loss of the services
1 5