We may have exposure to greater-than-anticipated tax liabilities.
Our future income taxes could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have
lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, or changes in tax laws,
regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items such as equity-related compensation. We have recorded
certain tax reserves to address potential exposures involving our income tax and sales and use tax positions. These potential tax
liabilities result from the varying application of statutes, rules, regulations and interpretations by different jurisdictions. We are
currently subject to tax audits in various jurisdictions including the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. If the outcome of such
audit or other audits were to be adverse to us, our reserves may not be adequate to cover our total actual liability. Although we
believe our estimates, our reserves and the positions we have taken are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the
amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which
such determination is made.
If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our ﬁnancial results or
prevent fraud As a result, our stockholders could lose conﬁdence in our ﬁnancial reporting, which could harm our business
and the trading price of our common stock.
We have complied with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by assessing, strengthening and testing our system
of internal controls. Even though we concluded our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and
procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report, we need to continue to maintain our processes and
systems and adapt them to changes as our business evolves and we rearrange management responsibilities and reorganize our
business. This continuous process of maintaining and adapting our internal controls and complying with Section 404 is
expensive and time-consuming and requires significant management attention. We cannot be certain that our internal control
measures will continue to provide adequate control over our financial processes and reporting and ensure compliance with
Section 404. Furthermore, as our business changes, including by expanding our operations in different markets, increasing
reliance on channel partners and completing acquisitions, our internal controls may become more complex and we will require
significantly more resources to ensure our internal controls remain effective. Failure to implement required new or improved
controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our
reporting obligations. If we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify material weaknesses, the disclosure of
that fact, even if quickly remediated, could reduce the market's confidence in our financial statements and harm our stock price.
Any failure to meet our debt obligations would damage our business.
As of December 31, 2016, we had total par value of $690.0 million of convertible senior notes outstanding. Our ability to
refinance the notes, make cash payments in connection with conversions of the notes or repurchase the notes in the event of a
fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the notes) will depend on market conditions and our future
performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. We also may not use
the cash we have raised through the issuance of the convertible senior notes in an optimally productive and profitable manner. If
we are unable to remain profitable or if we use more cash than we generate in the future, our level of indebtedness at such time
could adversely affect our operations by increasing our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry
conditions and by limiting or prohibiting our ability to obtain additional financing for additional capital expenditures,
acquisitions and general corporate and other purposes. In addition, if we are unable to make cash payments upon conversion of
the notes, we would be required to issue significant amounts of our common stock, which would be dilutive to the stock of
existing stockholders. If we do not have sufficient cash to repurchase the notes following a fundamental change, we would be in
default under the terms of the notes, which could seriously harm our business. In addition, the terms of the notes do not limit
the amount of future indebtedness we may incur. If we incur significantly more debt, this could intensify the risks described
above.
20