We typically charge customers an integration fee when the services are first activated. The integration fees are recorded as
deferred revenue and recognized as revenue ratably over the estimated life of the customer arrangement. We also derive
revenue from services sold as discrete, non-recurring events or based solely on usage. For these services, we recognize revenue
once the event or usage has occurred.
When more than one element is contained in a revenue arrangement, we determine the fair value for each element in the
arrangement based on vendor-specific objective evidence, or VSOE, for each respective element, including any renewal rates
for services contractually offered to the customer. Elements typically included in our multiple element arrangements consist of
our core services —- the delivery of content, applications and software over the Internet —- as well as mobile and security
solutions and enterprise professional services. These elements have value to our customers on a stand-alone basis in that they
can be sold separately by another vendor. Generally, there is no right of return relative to these services.
We typically use VSOE to determine the fair value of our separate elements. All stand-alone sales of professional services
are reviewed to establish the average stand-alone selling price for those services. For our core services, the fair value is the
price charged for a single deliverable on a per unit basis when it is sold separately.
For arrangements in which we are unable to establish VSOE, third party evidence, or TPE, of the fair value of each
element is determined based upon the price charged when the element is sold separately by another vendor. For arrangements in
which we are unable to establish VSOE or TPE for each element, we use the best estimate of selling price, or BESP, to
determine the fair value of the separate deliverables. We estimate BESP based upon a management-approved price list and pre-
established discount levels for each solution that takes into consideration volume, geography and industry lines. We allocate
arrangement consideration across the multiple elements using the relative selling price method.
At the inception of a customer contract, we make an estimate as to that customer’s ability to pay for the services provided.
We base our estimate on a combination of factors, including the successful completion of a credit check or financial review, our
collection experience with the customer and other forms of payment assurance. Upon the completion of these steps, we
recognize revenue monthly in accordance with our revenue recognition policy. If we subsequently determine that collection
from the customer is not reasonably assured, we record an allowance for doubtful accounts and bad debt expense for all of that
customer’s unpaid invoices and cease recognizing revenue for continued services provided until cash is received from the
customer. Changes in our estimates and judgments about whether collection is reasonably assured would change the timing of
revenue or amount of bad debt expense that we recognize.
We also sell our services through a reseller channel. Assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met, we recognize
revenue from reseller arrangements based on the reseller’s contracted non-refundable minimum purchase commitments over
the term of the contract, plus amounts sold by the reseller to its customers in excess of the minimum commitments. Amounts
attributable to this excess usage are recognized as revenue in the period in which the service is provided.
From time to time, we enter into contracts to sell our services or license our technology to unrelated enterprises at or about
the same time we enter into contracts to purchase products or services from the same enterprises. If we conclude that these
contracts were negotiated concurrently, we record as revenue only the net cash received from the vendor, unless the product or
service received has a separate and identifiable benefit and the fair value to us of the vendor’s product or service can be
objectively established.
We may from time to time resell licenses or services of third parties. We record revenue for these transactions on a gross
basis when we have risk of loss related to the amounts purchased from the third party and we add value to the license or
service, such as by providing maintenance or support for such license or service. If these conditions are present, we recognize
revenue when all other revenue recognition criteria are satisfied.
Deferred revenue represents amounts billed to customers for which revenue has not been recognized. Deferred revenue
primarily consists of the unearned portion of monthly billed service fees, prepayments made by customers for future periods,
deferred integration and activation set-up fees and amounts billed under customer arrangements with extended payment terms.
43