How Akamai helps:
Our strategy is to bridge the gap between our customers' online goals and the difficulty of leveraging the Internet by
providing technology that optimizes and secures the delivery of online content and applications. We deliver a wide spectrum of
content, from media and software downloads to dynamic and personalized data for many of the world’s most important
applications. We offer online solutions for delivery, acceleration, and security services to the owners of major websites and
applications. We are trusted by a large fraction of the world’s most important brands, including many media companies, e-
retailers, major governments, financial institutions, and other leading enterprises. Across all of these customers, our mission is
to make the Internet fast, reliable and secure.
At the core of this mission is the Akamai Intelligent Platform, a globally-distributed computing platform, comprising more
than 200,000 servers deployed in more than 1,600 networks and 131 countries around the world, tied together with
sophisticated software and algorithms. Our software also resides on over 100 million end user devices, as part of our work on
client-assisted delivery for large media files. This platform is architected to enable us to constantly monitor Internet conditions
to:
- identify, absorb and block security threats;
- efficiently route traffic away from Internet trouble spots;
- detect what devices individuals are using and optimize delivery to them;
- provide our customers with business and technical insights into their online operations; and
- understand different types of traffic visiting websites so that customers can deal with them as desired.
We believe that our unique technology leveraging a virtual Internet on top of the real Internet, our ability to efficiently
manage a platform with millions of components, our high-quality intellectual property portfolio, our strong relationships with
over 1,600 leading telecommunications carriers and thousands of major brands on the web, and our relentless and personalized
attention to customer and partner needs create significant value for shareholders and provide a meaningful edge against the
many competitors that desire to acquire a share of our business.
Our Solutions
Pelformance and Security Solutions
Web and Mobile Performance Solutions
The ultimate goal of our web and mobile performance business is to make dynamic websites and applications have instant
response times, no matter where the user is, what device or browser they are using, or how they are connected to the Internet.
This is accomplished through a variety of advanced technologies embedded into our platform, which can be thought of as a
virtual Internet overlaying the real Internet. Key offerings include:
- Ion — Ion is a situational performance solution that consists of an integrated suite of web delivery, acceleration and
optimization technologies that make real-time optimization decisions based on the requirements of the device, network
location and browser. Ion is designed to simplify increasingly complex web delivery and enable a faster website
experience that is highly available, secure and scalable to meet peak capacity demands.
- Dynamic Site Accelerator — Dynamic Site Accelerator is designed to help customers experience globally consistent
and faster website performance, handling the specific requirements of dynamically-generated content. Our platform
continuously pulls and caches fresh site content onto Akamai servers, automatically directs content requests to an
optimal server, routes the request via the most reliable path to data centers to retrieve and deliver dynamic interactive
content.
- IP Application Accelerator — IP Application Accelerator is designed to enable enterprises to deliver Internet Protocol-
based applications to globally-distributed users quickly, securely and reliably without the expense of building out and
supporting dedicated IT infrastructure. These applications include real-time interactive web conferencing and
virtualized applications and desktops, in addition to supporting hosting and software as a service, or SaaS, providers in
the delivery of remote desktop management, hosted email, archiving and other applications.
° Global Traffic Management —- Global Traffic Management is designed to ensure responsiveness to end user requests by
leveraging our global load balancing technology. Unlike traditional hardware-based solutions that reside within the
data center, our Global Traffic Management service is a fault-tolerant solution that makes intelligent routing decisions
5