based on real-time data center performance health and global Internet conditions to help ensure user requests are
routed to the most appropriate data center for that user at that moment.
- Image Manager — To help our customers cope with the multitude of devices used by their consumers and varying
connection quality, Image Manager automatically optimizes online images for the best combination of size, quality,
and file format suited for each image and device and ofﬂoads the artistic transformation of derivative assets to the
cloud.
- Cloudlets — Cloudlets are applications that provide our customers with self-serviceable controls and capabilities
designed to help simplify web operations and improve user experiences. Examples include Visitor Prioritization for
managing potentially overloaded applications, Image Converter to improve delivery of images particularly to mobile
devices and IP/Geo Access to handle access restrictions.
Cloud Security Solutions
Our Cloud Security Solutions are designed to defend websites, applications and data centers against a multitude of cyber
attacks through solutions such as:
- Kona Site Defender — Kona Site Defender is a cloud computing security solution that defends against network and
application layer distributed denial of service, or DDoS, attacks, web application attacks and direct-to-origin attacks.
By leveraging our distributed network and proprietary technology, Akamai can absorb traffic targeted at the
application layer, deﬂect DDoS traffic targeted at the network layer, such as SYN Floods or UDP Floods, and
authenticate valid traffic at the network edge.
- Bot Manager — As websites attract users, they also place business information where it can be easily accessed by other
entities — often using automated tools known as “bots.” Our Bot Manager offering provides organizations with a
ﬂexible framework to better manage the wide array of bots accessing their website every day. It offers the ability to
identify bots as they first arrive, categorize different types of bots, and apply the most appropriate management policy
for each category.
- Fast DNS — The Domain Name System, or DNS, translates human-readable domain names into numerical IP addresses
to enable individuals who type in a website name to reach the desired location on the Internet. Our Fast DNS offering
is a DNS resolution solution that is designed to quickly and dependably direct individuals to our customers' websites.
Importantly, we have architected this service to protect against DNS-based DDoS attacks.
- Prolexic Routed — Prolexic Routed is designed to protect web- and IP-based applications in data centers from the
threat of DDoS attacks by preventing attacks before they reach the data center. It provides protection against high—
bandwidth, sustained web attacks as well as potentially crippling DDoS attacks that target specific applications and
services.
- Client Reputation — Client Reputation provides an additional layer of protection against DDoS and web application
attacks by allowing customers to automatically block requests from IP addresses. Client Reputation leverages
advanced algorithms to compute a risk score based on prior behavior as observed over the Akamai network. The
algorithms use both legitimate and attack traffic to profile the behavior of attacks, clients and applications. Based on
this information, Akamai assigns risk scores to each IP address and allows customers to choose which actions they
wish to have Kona Site Defender perform on an IP address with specific risk scores.
Enterprise Solutions
Our Enterprise offerings are designed to help customers boost productivity by facilitating third-party access to applications,
accelerating those applications, reducing bandwidth costs and extending the Internet and public clouds into private wide area
networks, or WANs. Our key enterprise solutions offerings include:
- Enterprise Application Access —- Using technology gained through our acquisition of Soha Systems, Inc., this offering
enables remote access to applications behind the firewall without providing users access to the entire network without
external hardware or software.
- Akamai Cloud Connect —- By combining WAN optimization and intelligent caching directly into a Cisco router in
enterprise branch locations, Akamai Connect extends the Akamai Intelligent Platform directly into the branch. The
6