Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets
We test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, as of December 31, or more frequently if events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. We have concluded that we have one reporting unit and that our chief
operating decision maker is our chief executive officer and the executive management team. We have assigned the entire
balance of goodwill to our one reporting unit. The fair value of the reporting unit was based on our market capitalization as of
each of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and it was substantially in excess of the carrying value of the reporting unit at each date.
Acquired intangible assets consist of completed technologies, customer relationships, trademarks and trade names, non-
compete agreements and acquired license rights. We engaged third party valuation specialists to assist us with the initial
measurement of the fair value of acquired intangible assets. Acquired intangible assets, other than goodwill, are amortized over
their estimated useful lives based upon the estimated economic value derived from the related intangible assets.
Income Taxes
Our provision for income taxes is comprised of a current and a deferred portion. The current income tax provision is
calculated as the estimated taxes payable or refundable on tax returns for the current year. The deferred income tax provision is
calculated for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards by using expected tax
rates in effect in the years during which the differences are expected to reverse or the carryforwards are expected to be realized.
We currently have net deferred tax assets, comprised of net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards
and deductible temporary differences. Our management periodically weighs the positive and negative evidence to determine if
it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. In determining our net deferred tax assets
and valuation allowances, annualized effective tax rates and cash paid for income taxes, management is required to make
judgments and estimates about domestic and foreign profitability, the timing and extent of the utilization of NOL
carryforwards, applicable tax rates, transfer pricing methodologies and tax planning strategies. Judgments and estimates related
to our projections and assumptions are inherently uncertain, therefore, actual results could differ materially from our
projections.
We have recorded certain tax reserves to address potential exposures involving our income tax positions. These potential
tax liabilities result from the varying application of statutes, rules, regulations and interpretations by different taxing
jurisdictions. Our estimate of the value of our tax reserves contains assumptions based on past experiences and judgments about
the interpretation of statutes, rules and regulations by taxing jurisdictions. It is possible that the costs of the ultimate tax liability
or benefit from these matters may be more or less than the amount that we estimated.
Uncertainty in income taxes is recognized in our financial statements using a two-step process to determine the amount of
tax benefit to be recognized. First, the tax position must be evaluated to determine the likelihood that it will be sustained upon
external examination. If the tax position is deemed more-likely-than—not to be sustained, the tax position is then assessed to
determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. The amount of the benefit that may be recognized is
the largest amount that we believe has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation
We issue stock-based compensation awards including stock options, restricted stock units and deferred stock units. We
measure the fair value of these awards at the grant date and recognize such fair value as expense over the vesting period. We
have selected the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock option awards and the Monte Carlo
simulation model to determine the fair value of market-based restricted stock awards. Determining the fair value of stock-based
awards at the grant date requires judgment, including estimating the expected life of the stock awards and the volatility of the
underlying common stock. Our assumptions may differ from those used in prior periods. Changes to the assumptions may have
a significant impact on the fair value of stock-based awards, which could have a material impact on our financial statements.
Judgment is also required in estimating the amount of stock-based awards that are expected to be forfeited. Should our actual
forfeiture rates differ significantly from our estimates, our stock-based compensation expense and results of operations could be
materially impacted. In addition, for awards that vest and become exercisable only upon achievement of specified performance
conditions, we make judgments and estimates each quarter about the probability that such performance conditions will be met
or achieved. Changes to the estimates we make from time to time may have a significant impact on our stock-based
compensation expense and could materially impact our result of operations.
45