boycotts), class action lawsuits, reputational harm or claims by regulators, industry groups or other third parties, all of which
could disrupt our business and expose us to increased liability.
In the past we have relied on the U.S.-European Union and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks, as agreed to by the
US. Department of Commerce and the European Union and Switzerland as a means to legally transfer covered personal data
from Europe to the United States. However, on October 6, 2015, the European Court of Justice invalidated the U.S.-European
Union Safe Harbor Framework and Swiss data protection authorities later invalidated the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework.
As a result, we have been establishing alternate legitimate means of transferring covered personal data from the European
Economic Area to the United States, including the new Privacy Shield framework. The legitimacy of these alternate means are
subject to ongoing judicial challenge and review in the European Union. Any changing or new requirements or rulings by the
European Union or member jurisdictions may impact our services or subject us to sanctions, including fines and a prohibition
on data transfers, by EU data protection regulators. Furthermore, the European Court of Justice’s decision may result in
different European data protection regulators applying differing standards for the transfer of personal data, which could result in
increased regulation, cost of compliance and limitations on data transfer for us and our customers. These developments could
harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We also have a publicly-available privacy policy concerning our collection, use and disclosure of user data. Any failure, or
perceived failure, by us to comply with our posted privacy policy could result in damage to our reputation or proceedings or
actions against us, which could potentially have an adverse effect on our business.
Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates aﬂect our operating results in US. dollar terms.
An increasing portion of our revenue is derived from international operations. Revenue generated and expenses incurred by
our international subsidiaries are often denominated in the currencies of the local countries. As a result, our consolidated US.
dollar financial statements are subject to ﬂuctuations due to changes in exchange rates as the financial results of our
international subsidiaries are translated from local currencies into US. dollars. In addition, our financial results are subject to
changes in exchange rates that impact the settlement of transactions in non-functional currencies. While we have implemented a
foreign currency hedging program to mitigate transactional exposures, there is no guarantee that such program will be effective.
We may need to defend against patent or copyright infringement claims, which would cause us to incur substantial costs or
limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future.
As we expand our business and develop new technologies, products and services, we may become increasingly subject to
intellectual property infringement and other claims, including those that may arise under international laws. In many cases, we
have agreed to indemnify our customers and channel and strategic partners if our services infringe or misappropriate specified
intellectual property rights; therefore, we could become involved in litigation or claims brought against customers or channel or
strategic partners if our services or technology are the subject of such allegations. Any litigation or claims, whether or not valid,
brought against us or pursuant to which we indemnify our customers or channel or strategic partners could result in substantial
costs and diversion of resources and require us to do one or more of the following:
° cease selling, incorporating or using features, functionalities, products or services that incorporate the challenged
intellectual property;
° pay substantial damages and incur significant litigation expenses;
° obtain a license from the holder of the infringed intellectual property right, which license may not be available on
reasonable terms or at all; or
- redesign products or services.
If we are forced to take any of these actions, our business may be seriously harmed.
Our business will be adversely aﬂected if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights from unauthorized use or
infringement by third parties.
We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and contractual restrictions on disclosure to
protect our intellectual property rights. These legal protections afford only limited protection. We have previously brought
lawsuits against entities that we believed were infringing our intellectual property rights but have not always prevailed. Such
lawsuits can be expensive and require a significant amount of attention from our management and technical personnel, and the
outcomes are unpredictable. Monitoring unauthorized use of our services is difficult, and we cannot be certain that the steps we
have taken or will take will prevent unauthorized use of our technology. We have licensed technology from the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology that is covered by various patents and copyrights relating to Internet content delivery technology. Some
1 8