Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
No change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2016 that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B. Other Information
None.
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Ofﬁcers and Corporate Governance
The complete response to this Item regarding the backgrounds of our executive officers and directors and other information
required by Items 401, 405 and 407 of Regulation S—K will be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2017 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders under the sections captioned “Executive Compensation Matters,” “Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance” and “Corporate Governance Matters” and is incorporated by reference herein.
Our executive officers and directors and their positions as of February 28, 2017, are as follows:
Name 7 Position
F. Thomson Leighton Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 7
James Benson Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
Robert Blumofe Executive Vice President — Platform and GM Enterprise & Carrier Division
James Gemmell Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
Melanie Haratunian Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Rick McConnell President and GM Web Division
William Wheaton Executive Vice President and GM Media Division
George H. Conrades Director
Pamela J. Craig Director
Monte E. Ford Director
Jill A. Greenthal Director
Daniel R. Hesse Director
Jonathan F. Miller Director
Paul Sagan Director
Frederic V. Salerno Director
Steven Scopellite Director
Naomi O. Seligman Director
Bernardus Verwaayen Director
We have adopted a written code of business ethics, as amended, that applies to our principal executive officer, principal
financial and accounting officer or persons serving similar functions and all of our other employees and members of our Board
of Directors. The text of our amended code of ethics is available on our website at www.akamai.com. If we amend, or grant a
waiver under, our code of business ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial and accounting
officer, or persons performing similar functions, we intend to post information about such amendment or waiver on our website
at www.akamai.com.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference herein to our definitive proxy statement for our 2017
Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the sections captioned “Executive Compensation Matters,” “Corporate Governance
Matters,” “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” and “Director Compensation.”
83