We also maintain offices in several other locations in the United States, including in or near each of Phoenix, Arizona;
Los Angeles, San Francisco, Santa Clara and San Diego, California; Denver, Colorado; Washington, DC; Fort Lauderdale,
Florida; Atlanta, Georgia; Chicago, Illinois; Westford, Massachusetts; Manchester, New Hampshire; New York, New York;
Dallas, Texas; Reston, Virginia and Seattle, Washington. Outside the United States we maintain offices in or near the following
cities: Bangalore, Chennai, Delhi and Mumbai, India; Beijing, Hong Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai, China; Sao Paulo, Brazil;
Copenhagen, Denmark; Dortmund, Hamburg, Frankfurt and Munich, Germany; Paris, France; Brussels, Belgium; London,
England; Tokyo, Fukuoka, Nagoya and Osaka, Japan; Singapore; Madrid, Spain; Sydney, Melbourne and Canberra, Australia;
Herziliya, Israel; Edinburgh, Scotland; Ottawa and Toronto, Canada; San Jose, Costa Rica; Milan, Italy; Stockholm, Sweden;
Seoul, South Korea; Geneva and Zurich, Switzerland; Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia; Taipei, Taiwan; Amsterdam, the Netherlands;
Prague, Czech Republic; Dubai, UAE; Istanbul, Turkey; and Krakow, Poland.
All of our facilities are leased. We believe our facilities are sufficient to meet our needs for the foreseeable future and, if
needed, additional space will be available at a reasonable cost.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
We are party to litigation that we consider routine and incidental to our business. We do not currently expect the results of
any of these litigation matters to have a material effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash ﬂows.
In November 2015, Limelight filed a complaint in the US. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia against
Akamai and X0 Communications LLC, or XO, alleging patent infringement by the two companies. The complaint alleges that
Akamai and X0 infringed six of Limelight’s content delivery patents. The complaint seeks to recover from Akamai and X0
significant monetary damages based upon lost revenue due to infringing technology used by the companies. We have agreed to
indemnify XO for damages it incurs in this matter. We have made counterclaims in the action against Limelight alleging that
Limelight has infringed five Akamai content delivery patents, and we are seeking monetary damages based upon lost revenue
due to the infringing technology used by Limelight. The case is scheduled for trial in May 2017. We currently believe that the
outcome of this litigation will not have a material impact on our business.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
23