- during the five business day period after any five consecutive trading day period in which the trading price per $1,000
principal amount of Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last
reported sale price of the Company's common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; or upon the
occurrence of specified corporate events.
On or after August 15, 2018, holders may convert all or any portion of their Notes at any time prior to the close of business
on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, regardless of the foregoing circumstances.
Upon conversion, the Company, at its election, may pay or deliver to holders cash, shares of the Company's common stock
or a combination of cash and shares of the Company's common stock. The initial conversion rate is 11.1651 shares of the
Company's common stock per $1,000 principal amount, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately
$89.56 per share, subject to adjustments in certain events, and represents a potential conversion into 7.7 million shares.
In accounting for the issuance of the Notes, the Company separated the Notes into liability and equity components.
The carrying cost of the liability component was calculated by measuring the fair value of a similar debt obligation that does
not have an associated convertible feature. The carrying amount of the equity component representing the conversion option
was determined by deducting the fair value of the liability component from the par value of the Notes. The difference between
the principal amount of the Notes and the proceeds allocated to the liability component (“debt discount”) is amortized to
interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the Notes. The equity component is recorded in additional
paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheet and will not be remeasured as long as it continues to meet the conditions for
equity classification.
In accounting for the transaction costs related to the issuance of the Notes, the Company allocated the total transaction
costs incurred to the liability and equity components based on their relative values. Transaction costs attributable to the liability
component are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the Notes, and transaction costs attributable to the equity
component are netted against the equity component of the Notes in stockholders’ equity.
The Notes consisted of the following components as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):
December 31, December 31,
2016 2015
Liability component: 7 7 7 7
Principal $ 690,000 $ 690,000
Less: debt discount and issuance costs, net of amortization 7 (49,913), 7 (71,953),
Net carrying amount *$ 640,087 ’ s 618,047 *
Equity component: $ 101,276 $ 101,276 I
The estimated fair value of the Notes at December 31, 2016 was $721.4 million. The fair value was determined based
on the quoted price of the Notes in an inactive market on the last trading day of the reporting period and has been classified as
Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. Based on the closing price of the Company's common stock of $66.68 on December 31,
2016, the value of the Notes if converted to common stock was less than the principal amount of $690.0 million.
The Company used $62.0 million of the proceeds from the offering to repurchase shares of its common stock, concurrent
with the issuance of the Notes. The repurchase was made in accordance with the share repurchase program previously approved
by the Board of Directors (Note 12). Additionally, $23.3 million of the proceeds was used for the net cost of convertible note
hedge and warrant transactions. The remaining net proceeds are for working capital, share repurchases and other general
corporate purposes, as well as for potential acquisitions and strategic transactions.
Note Hedge
To minimize the impact of potential dilution upon conversion of the Notes, the Company entered into convertible note
hedge transactions with respect to its common stock in February 2014. The Company paid $101.3 million for the note hedge
transactions. The note hedge transactions cover approximately 7.7 million shares of the Company’s common stock at a strike
price that corresponds to the initial conversion price of the Notes, also subject to adjustment, and are exercisable upon
conversion of the Notes. The note hedge transactions are intended to reduce dilution in the event of conversion of the Notes.
70