Ultimately, increased competition of all types could result in price and revenue reductions, loss of customers and loss of
market share, each of which could materially impact our business, profitability, financial condition, results of operations and
cash ﬂows.
We may be unable to replace lost revenue due to customer cancellations, renewals at lower rates or other less favorable
terms.
It is key to our profitability that we offset lost committed recurring revenue due to customer cancellations, terminations,
price reductions or other less favorable terms by adding new customers and increasing the number of high-margin services,
features and functionalities that our existing customers purchase. We cannot predict our renewal rates. Some customers may
elect not to renew and others may renew at lower prices, lower committed traffic levels, or for shorter contract lengths.
Historically, a significant percentage of our renewals, particularly with larger customers, has led to unit price declines as
competition has increased and the market for certain parts of our business has matured. Our renewal rates may decline as a
result of a number of factors, including competitive pressures, customer dissatisfaction with our services, customers' inability to
continue their operations and spending levels, the impact of multi-vendor policies, customers implementing or increasing their
use of in—house technology solutions and general economic conditions. In addition, our customer contracting models may
change to move away from a committed revenue structure to a "pay-as-you—go" approach. The absence of a commitment would
make it easier for customers to stop doing business with us, which would negatively impact revenue.
Security breaches and attacks on our plazform could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could harm our business,
ﬁnancial results and reputation.
Our business is dependent on providing our customers with fast, efficient and reliable distribution of applications and
content over the Internet. We transmit and store our customers' information and data as well as our own. Maintaining the
security and availability of our services, network and internal IT systems and the security of information we hold is a critical
issue for us and our customers. Attacks on our customers and our own network take a variety of forms, including distributed
denial of service (DDoS) attacks, infrastructure attacks, botnets, malicious file uploads, cross-site scripting, credential abuse,
bugs, viruses, worms and malicious software programs. Malicious actors use attempts to fraudulently induce employees or
suppliers to disclose sensitive information through illegal electronic spamming, phishing or other tactics. In addition,
unauthorized parties may attempt to gain physical access to our facilities in order to infiltrate our information systems.
In recent years, Internet-based attacks have increased in size, sophistication and complexity, increasing the exposure to our
customers and us. In addition, as we expand our emphasis on selling security-related solutions, we may become a more
attractive target for attacks on our infrastructure intended to destabilize, overwhelm or shut down our platform. The costs to us
to avoid or alleviate cyber or other security problems and vulnerabilities are significant. However, our efforts to address these
problems may not be successful. Any significant breach of our security measures could:
- lead to the dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive, personal or confidential data about us, our employees
or our customers;
° threaten our ability to provide our customers with our services;
° generate negative publicity about us;
0 result in litigation and increased legal liability or fines, or
0 lead to governmental inquiry or oversight.
The occurrence of any of these events could harm our business or damage our brand and reputation, lead to customer
credits, loss of customers, higher expenses, and possibly impede our present and future success in retaining and attracting new
customers. A successful assault on our infrastructure would be damaging to our reputation and could adversely affect our
financial condition.
Similar security risks exist with respect to our business partners and the third-party vendors that we rely on for aspects of
our information technology support services and administrative functions. As a result, we are subject to the risk that the
activities of our business partners and third-party vendors may adversely affect our business even if the attack or breach does
not directly impact our systems.
1 3