Accounts Receivable and Related Reserves
Trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amounts and do not bear interest. In addition to trade accounts
receivable, our accounts receivable balance includes unbilled accounts that represent revenue recorded for customers that is
typically billed within one month. We record reserves against our accounts receivable balance. These reserves consist of
allowances for doubtful accounts and revenue from certain customers on a cash-basis. Increases and decreases in the allowance
for doubtful accounts are included as a component of general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of
income. Increases in the reserve for cash-basis customers are recorded as a reduction of revenue. The reserve for cash-basis
customers increases as services are provided to customers for which collection is no longer reasonably assured. The reserve
decreases and revenue is recognized when and if cash payments are received.
Estimates are used in determining these reserves and are based upon our review of outstanding balances on a customer-
specific, account-by-account basis. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based upon a review of customer receivables from
prior sales with collection issues where we no longer believe that the customer has the ability to pay for prior services provided.
We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers. If such an evaluation indicates that payment is no longer reasonably
assured for services provided, any future services provided to that customer will result in creation of a cash basis reserve until
we receive consistent payments.
Valuation and Impairment ofMarketable Securities
We measure the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is defined as
the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most
advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date.
We have certain financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value (principally cash equivalents and short— and long-term
marketable securities) that have been classified as Level 1, 2 or 3 within the fair value hierarchy. Fair values determined by
Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we can access at the
reporting date. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize data points other than quoted prices included within Level 1
that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Fair values determined by Level 3 inputs are based on
unobservable data points for the asset or liability.
Marketable securities are considered to be impaired when a decline in fair value below cost basis is determined to be other-
than-temporary. We periodically evaluate whether a decline in fair value below cost basis is other-than-temporary by
considering available evidence regarding these investments including, among other factors, the duration of the period that, and
extent to which, the fair value is less than cost basis, the financial health of and business outlook for the issuer, including
industry and sector performance and operational and financing cash flow factors, overall market conditions and trends and our
intent and ability to retain our investment in the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for an anticipated recovery in
market value. Once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, a write-down is recorded and a new cost
basis in the security is established. Assessing the above factors involves inherent uncertainty. Write-downs, if recorded, could
be materially different from the actual market performance of marketable securities in our portfolio if, among other things,
relevant information related to our investments and marketable securities was not publicly available or other factors not
considered by us would have been relevant to the determination of impairment.
Impairment and Useful Lives ofLong-Lived Assets
We review our long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and acquired intangible assets, for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. Events that would
trigger an impairment review include a change in the use of the asset or forecasted negative cash ﬂows related to the asset.
When such events occur, we compare the carrying amount of the asset to the undiscounted expected future cash ﬂows related to
the asset. If this comparison indicates that impairment is present, the amount of the impairment is calculated as the difference
between the carrying amount and the fair value of the asset. If a readily determinable market price does not exist, fair value is
estimated using discounted expected cash ﬂows attributable to the asset. The estimates required to apply this accounting policy
include forecasted usage of the long-lived assets, the useful lives of these assets and expected future cash flows. Changes in
these estimates could materially impact results from operations.
44