Global climate change and natural resource conservation regulations could adversely impact our business.
Our deployed network of servers consumes significant energy resources, including those generated by the burning of fossil
fuels. In response to concerns about global climate change, governments may adopt new regulations affecting the use of fossil
fuels or requiring the use of alternative fuel sources. In addition, our customers, investors and other stakeholders may require us
to take steps to demonstrate that we are taking ecologically responsible measures in operating our business. The costs and any
expenses we incur to make our network more energy efficient could make us less profitable in future periods. Failure to comply
with applicable laws and regulations or other requirements imposed on us could lead to fines, lost revenue and damage to our
reputation.
Because we do not intend to pay dividends, stockholders will benefit from an investment in our common stock only if it
appreciates in value.
We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, for use in the operation of our business and do not expect to pay
any cash dividends in the foreseeable future on our common stock. As a result, the success of an investment in our common
stock will depend upon any future appreciation in its value. There is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in
value or even maintain the price at which stockholders have purchased their shares.
Provisions of our charter, by-laws and Delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could prevent a change in control
even if the change in control would be beneﬁcial to our stockholders.
Provisions of our charter, by-laws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for a third party to control or acquire us,
even if doing so would be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions include:
° a classified board structure so that only approximately one-third of our Board of Directors is up for re-election in any
one year;
° our Board of Directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the Board of
Directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director;
° stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the Board of Directors or to propose
matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders' meeting; and
° our Board of Directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock.
Further, as a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law,
a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder
has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our Board of
Directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 2. Properties
We lease approximately 490,000 square feet of property in Cambridge, Massachusetts where our primary corporate offices
are located. The majority of the leases for such space are scheduled to expire in December 2019, and of this space, we have
subleased approximately 18,000 square feet to another company. In November 2016, we executed a lease for new headquarters
space in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The lease is for approximately 480,000 square feet and is expected to commence at the
termination of our current leases in Cambridge. The initial lease term is 15 years. In addition to the new lease, we also executed
an arrangement obligating us to lease at least 150,000 square feet of additional space in Cambridge.
22