Accounts Receivable and Related Reserves
The Company’s accounts receivable balance includes unbilled amounts that represent revenue recorded for customers that are
typically billed monthly in arrears. The Company records reserves against its accounts receivable balance. These reserves consist
of allowances for doubtful accounts and reserves for cash-basis customers. Increases and decreases in the allowance for doubtful
accounts are included as a component of general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of income. The
Company’s reserve for cash-basis customers increases as services are provided to customers where collection is no longer
assured. Increases to the reserve for cash-basis customers are recorded as reductions of revenue. The reserve decreases and
revenue is recognized when and if cash payments are received.
Estimates are used in determining these reserves and are based upon the Company’s review of outstanding balances on a
customer-specific, account-by-account basis. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based upon a review of customer receivables
from prior sales with collection issues where the Company no longer believes that the customer has the ability to pay for services
previously provided. The Company also performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers. If such an evaluation indicates that
payment is no longer reasonably assured for services provided, any future services provided to that customer will result in the
creation of a cash-basis reserve until the Company receives consistent payments. The Company does not have any off-balance
sheet credit exposure related to its customers.
Concentrations of Credit Risk
The amounts reﬂected in the consolidated balance sheets for accounts receivable, other current assets, accounts payable,
accrued liabilities and other current liabilities approximate their fair values due to their short-term maturities. The Company
maintains the majority of its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities with major financial institutions that the Company
believes to be of high credit standing. The Company believes that, as of December 31, 2016, its concentration of credit risk
related to cash equivalents and marketable securities was not significant.
Concentrations of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable are primarily limited to certain customers to which the
Company makes substantial sales. The Company’s customer base consists of a large number of geographically-dispersed
customers diversified across several industries. To reduce risk, the Company routinely assesses the financial strength of its
customers. Based on such assessments, the Company believes that its accounts receivable credit risk exposure is limited. For the
years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, no customer accounted for more than 10% of total revenue. As of December 31,
2016, 2015 and 2014, no customer had an accounts receivable balance greater than 10% of total accounts receivable. The
Company believes that, as of December 31, 2016, its concentration of credit risk related to accounts receivable was not
significant.
Fair Value of Financial Measurements
Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in
the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the
measurement date. The Company has certain financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, principally cash equivalents and
short- and long-term marketable securities that have been classified as Level 1, 2 or 3 within the fair value hierarchy. Fair values
determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
Company can access at the reporting date. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize data points other than quoted prices
included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Fair values determined by Level
3 inputs are based on unobservable data points for the asset or liability.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are recorded at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Property and equipment
generally include purchases of items with a per-unit value greater than $1,000 and an estimated useful life greater than one year.
Depreciation and amortization are computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold
improvements are amortized over the shorter of the related lease terms or their estimated useful lives. The Company periodically
reviews the estimated useful lives of property and equipment, and any changes to the estimated useful lives are recorded
prospectively from the date of the change.
Upon retirement or sale, the cost of the assets disposed of and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the
accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is included in income from operations. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as
incurred.
5 6