Goodwill, Acquired Intangible Assets and Long-Lived Assets
Goodwill is the amount by which the cost of acquired net assets in a business combination exceeds the fair value of the net
identifiable assets on the date of purchase and is carried at its historical cost. The Company tests goodwill for impairment on an
annual basis or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The Company
performs its impairment test of goodwill as of December 3 1. As of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the fair value of the
Company's reporting unit was substantially in excess of the carrying value. The tests did not result in an impairment to goodwill
during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Acquired intangible assets consist of completed technologies, customer relationships, trademarks and trade names, non-
compete agreements and acquired license rights. Acquired intangible assets, other than goodwill, are amortized over their
estimated useful lives based upon the estimated economic value derived from the related intangible asset.
Long-lived assets, including property and equipment and acquired intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances, such as service discontinuance, technological obsolescence, significant decreases in the
Company’s market capitalization, facility closures or work-force reductions indicate that the carrying amount of the long-lived
asset may not be recoverable. When such events occur, the Company compares the carrying amount of the asset to the
undiscounted expected future cash ﬂows related to the asset. If this comparison indicates that an impairment is present, the
amount of the impairment is calculated as the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the asset.
Revenue Recognition
The Company recognizes service revenue in accordance with the authoritative guidance for revenue recognition, including
guidance on revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables. Revenue is recognized only when the price is fixed or
determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the service is performed and collectability of the resulting receivable
is reasonably assured.
The Company primarily derives revenue from the sale of services to customers executing contracts having terms of one year
or longer. These contracts generally commit the customer to a minimum of monthly, quarterly or annual level of usage and
specify the rate at which the customer must pay for actual usage above the monthly, quarterly or annual minimum. For contracts
with a monthly commitment, the Company recognizes the monthly minimum as revenue each month, provided that an
enforceable contract has been signed by both parties, the service has been delivered to the customer, the fee for the service is
fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. Should a customer’s usage of the Company's services exceed the
monthly, quarterly or annual minimum, the Company recognizes revenue for such excess in the period of additional usage. For
annual or other non-monthly period revenue commitments, the Company recognizes revenue monthly based upon the customer’s
actual usage each month of the commitment period and only recognizes any remaining committed amount for the applicable
period in the last month thereof.
The Company typically charges its customers an integration fee when the services are first activated. Integration fees are
recorded as deferred revenue and recognized as revenue ratably over the estimated life of the customer arrangement. The
Company also derives revenue from services sold as discrete, non-recurring events or based solely on usage. For these services,
the Company recognizes revenue once the event or usage has occurred.
When more than one element is contained in a revenue arrangement, the Company determines the fair value for each element
in the arrangement based on vendor-specific objective evidence (“VSOE”) for each respective element, including any renewal
rates for services contractually offered to the customer. Elements typically included in the Company's multiple element
arrangements consist of its core services —- the delivery of content, applications and software over the Internet —- as well as mobile
and security solutions and enterprise professional services. These elements have value to the customer on a stand-alone basis in
that they can be sold separately by another vendor. Generally, there is no right of return relative to these services.
The Company typically uses VSOE to determine the fair value of its separate elements. All stand-alone sales of professional
services are reviewed to establish the average stand-alone selling price for those services. For the Company's core services, the
fair value is the price charged for a single deliverable on a per unit basis when it is sold separately.
For arrangements in which the Company is unable to establish VSOE, third party evidence ("TPE") of the fair value of each
element is determined based upon the price charged when the element is sold separately by another vendor. For arrangements in
which the Company is unable to establish VSOE or TPE for each element, the Company uses the best estimate of selling price
("BESP") to determine the fair value of the separate deliverables. The Company estimates BESP based upon a management-
approved listing of unit pricing for all solutions and pre-established discount levels for each solution that takes into consideration
57