Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
This Management 19 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, or MD&A, should be read
in conjunction with our consolidated ﬁnancial statements and notes thereto that appear elsewhere in this annual report on
Form 1 0-K. See “Risk Factors ” elsewhere in this annual report on Form 1 0-K for a discussion of certain risks associated with
our business. T he following discussion contains forward-looking statements. T he forward-looking statements do not include the
potential impact of any mergers, acquisitions, divestitures or other events that may be announced after the date hereof
Overview
We provide cloud services for delivering, optimizing and securing content and business applications over the Internet. The
key factors that inﬂuence our financial success are our ability to build on recurring revenue commitments for our performance
and security offerings, increase media traffic on our network, develop new products and carefully manage our capital spending
and other expenses.
Revenue
For most of our solutions, our customers commit to contracts having terms of a year or longer, which allows us to have a
consistent and predictable base level of revenue. In addition to a base level of revenue, we are also dependent on media
customers where usage of our services is more variable. As a result, our revenue is impacted by the amount of media and
software download traffic we serve on our network, the rate of adoption of social media and video platform capabilities, the
timing and variability of customer-specific one-time events and the impact of seasonal variations on our business. The ability to
expand our product portfolio and to maintain the prices we charge for our services are also key factors impacting our revenue
growth.
We have observed the following trends related to our revenue in recent years:
0 Increased sales of our security solutions have made a significant contribution to revenue growth, and we expect to
continue our focus on security solutions in the future.
° We have experienced increases in the amount of traffic delivered for customers that use our solutions for video,
gaming, social media and software downloads, contributing to an increase in our revenue. However, from the second
half of 2015 onward, our traffic growth rates have moderated, primarily due to the “do—it—yourself” efforts by some of
our customers that are among the large Internet platform companies: Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft
and Netflix. We refer to these companies as our Internet Platform Customers. Some of these customers have elected to
develop and rely on their internal infrastructure to deliver more of their media content themselves rather than use our
services. As a result, we are likely to continue experiencing lower revenue from these customers. We have not,
however, been experiencing a significant shift to internal infrastructure usage across the remainder of our media
services customer base.
° We have increased committed recurring revenue from our solutions by increasing sales of incremental services to our
existing customers and adding new customers. These increases helped to limit the impact of reductions in usage of our
services and contract terminations by certain customers, as well as the effect of price decreases negotiated as part of
contract renewals.
- The unit prices paid by some of our customers have declined, reﬂecting the impact of competition. Our revenue would
have been higher absent these price declines.
° We have experienced variations in certain types of revenue from quarter to quarter. In particular, we experience higher
revenue in the fourth quarter of the year for some of our solutions as a result of holiday season activity. We also
experience lower revenue in the summer months, particularly in Europe, from both e-commerce and media customers
because overall Internet use declines during that time. In addition, we experience quarterly variations in revenue
attributable to, among other things, the nature and timing of software and gaming releases by our customers using our
software download solutions; whether there are large live sporting or other events that increase the amount of media
traffic on our network; and the frequency and timing of purchases of custom services.
26