AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. Nature of Business and Basis of Presentation
Akamai Technologies, Inc. (the “Company”) provides cloud services for delivering, optimizing and securing content and
business applications. The Company's globally-distributed platform comprises more than 200,000 servers in over 1,600
networks in 131 countries. The Company was incorporated in Delaware in 1998 and is headquartered in Cambridge,
Massachusetts. The Company currently operates in one industry segment: providing cloud services for delivering, optimizing
and securing content and business applications over the Internet.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.
2. Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Use of Estimates
The Company prepares its consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. These principles require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the amounts disclosed in the related notes to the consolidated
financial statements. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from management’s estimates, judgments and
assumptions. Significant estimates, judgments and assumptions used in these financial statements include, but are not limited to,
those related to revenue, accounts receivable and related reserves, valuation and impairment of investments and marketable
securities, valuation and useful lives of acquired intangible assets, useful lives and realizability of long-lived assets, capitalized
internal-use software development costs, income tax reserves and accounting for stock-based compensation. Estimates are
periodically reviewed in light of changes in circumstances, facts and experience. The effects of material revisions in estimates are
reﬂected in the consolidated financial statements prospectively from the date of the change in estimate.
Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash held in bank deposit accounts and short-term, highly-liquid investments with
remaining maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase. Marketable securities consist of corporate, government and
other securities. Securities having remaining maturities of less than one year from the date of the balance sheet are classified as
short-term, and those with maturities of more than one year from the date of the balance sheet are classified as long-term in the
consolidated balance sheet.
The Company classifies its debt and equity investments with readily determinable market values as available-for—sale. These
investments are classified as marketable securities on the consolidated balance sheets and are carried at fair market value, with
unrealized gains and losses considered to be temporary in nature and reported as accumulated other comprehensive loss, a
separate component of stockholders’ equity. The Company reviews all investments for reductions in fair value that are other-than—
temporary. When such reductions occur, the cost of the investment is adjusted to fair value through recording a loss on
investments in the consolidated statements of income. Gains and losses on investments are calculated on the basis of specific
identification.
Marketable securities are considered to be impaired when a decline in fair value below cost basis is determined to be other-
than—temporary. The Company periodically evaluates whether a decline in fair value below cost basis is other-than-temporary by
considering available evidence regarding these investments including, among other factors: the duration of the period that, and
extent to which, the fair value is less than cost basis; the financial health and business outlook of the issuer, including industry and
sector performance and operational and financing cash ﬂow factors; overall market conditions and trends and the Company’s
intent and ability to retain its investment in the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for an anticipated recovery in
market value. Once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, a write-down is recorded and a new cost
basis in the security is established. Assessing the above factors involves inherent uncertainty. Write-downs, if recorded, could be
materially different from the actual market performance of marketable securities in the Company’s portfolio if, among other
things, relevant information related to the marketable securities was not publicly available or other factors not considered by the
Company would have been relevant to the determination of impairment.
55