of any of our key employees or our inability to attract and retain new talent could hinder or delay the implementation of our
business model and the development and introduction of, and negatively impact our ability to sell, our services.
Our stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile, and your investment could lose value.
The market price of our common stock has been volatile. Trading prices may continue to ﬂuctuate in response to a number
of events and factors, including the following:
° quarterly variations in operating results;
° announcements by our customers related to their businesses that could be viewed as impacting their usage of our
solutions;
0 market speculation about whether we are a takeover target;
° activism by any single large stockholder or combination of stockholders;
° changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts;
- failure to meet the expectations of securities analysts;
- purchases or sales of our stock by our officers and directors;
- macro-economic factors;
- repurchases of shares of our common stock;
° successful cyber-attacks against our network or systems;
° performance by other companies in our industry; and
° geopolitical conditions such as acts of terrorism or military conﬂicts.
Furthermore, our revenue, particularly that portion attributable to usage of our services beyond customer commitments, can
be difficult to forecast, and, as a result, our quarterly operating results can ﬂuctuate substantially. This concern is particularly
acute with respect to our media and commerce customers for which holiday sales are a key but unpredictable driver of usage of
our services. In the future, our customer contracting models may change to move away from a committed revenue structure to a
"pay-as-you-go" approach. The absence of a minimum revenue commitment would make it easier for customers to stop doing
business with us, which would create additional challenges with our forecasting processes. Because a significant portion of our
cost structure is largely fixed in the short-term, revenue shortfalls tend to have a disproportionately negative impact on our
profitability. If we announce revenue or profitability results that do not meet or exceed our guidance or make changes in our
guidance with respect to future operating results, our stock price may decrease significantly as a result.
Any of these events, as well as other circumstances discussed in these Risk Factors, may cause the price of our common
stock to fall. In addition, the stock market in general, and the market prices of stock of publicly-traded technology companies in
particular, have experienced significant volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of such companies.
These broad stock market ﬂuctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating
performance.
We face risks associated with global operations that could harm our business.
We have operations in numerous foreign countries and may continue to expand our operations internationally. Such
expansion could require us to make significant expenditures, which could harm our profitability. We are increasingly subject to
a number of risks associated with international business activities that may increase our costs, make our operations less efficient
and require significant management attention. These risks include:
° currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations and limitations on the repatriation and investment of funds;
- difficulties in transferring funds from, or converting currencies in, certain countries;
° regulations related to security requirements, data localization or restricting content that could pose risks to our
intellectual property, increase the cost of doing business in a country or create other disadvantages to our business;
- interpretations of laws or regulations that would subject us to regulatory supervision or, in the alternative, require us to
exit a country, which could have a negative impact on the quality of our services or our results of operations;
° uncertainty regarding liability for content or services;
° adjusting to different employee/employer relationships and different regulations governing such relationships;
° corporate and personal liability for alleged or actual violations of laws and regulations;
- difficulty in staffing, developing and managing foreign operations as a result of distance, language and cultural
differences;
- reliance on channel partners over which we have limited control or inﬂuence on a day-to—day basis; and
° potentially adverse tax consequences.
1 6