We believe that we compete favorably with other companies in our industry through the global scale of the Akamai
Intelligent Platform, which we believe provides the most effective means of meeting the needs of enterprise customers and is
unique to us. In our view, we also benefit from the superior quality of our offerings, our customer service and the information
we can provide to our customers about their online operations and value.
Proprietary Rights and Licensing
Our success and ability to compete are dependent on developing and maintaining the proprietary aspects of our technology
and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, trade secret
and copyright laws and contractual restrictions to protect the proprietary aspects of our technology. As of December 31, 2016,
we owned, or had exclusive rights to, more than 265 US. patents covering our technology as well as patents issued by other
countries. Our U.S.-issued patents have terms extendable to various dates between 2017 and 2034. We do not believe that the
expiration of any particular patent in the near future would be material to our business. In October 1998, we entered into a
license agreement with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, or MIT, under which we were granted a royalty-free,
worldwide exclusive right to use and sublicense the intellectual property rights of MIT under various patent applications and
copyrights relating to Internet content delivery technology. We seek to limit disclosure of our intellectual property by requiring
employees and consultants with access to our proprietary information to execute confidentiality agreements with us and by
restricting access to our source code.
Employees
As of December 31, 2016, we had 6,490 full-time and part-time employees. Our future success will depend in part on our
ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified technical, managerial and other personnel for whom competition is
intense. Our employees are not represented by any collective bargaining unit. We believe our relations with our employees are
good, and we have been acknowledged in respected publications as an excellent place to work.
Additional Information
Akamai was incorporated in Delaware in 1998, and we have our corporate headquarters at 150 Broadway, Cambridge,
Massachusetts. Our Internet website address is www.akamai.com. We make available, free of charge, on or through our
Internet website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and
amendments thereto that we have filed or furnished with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the Commission, as soon
as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with the Commission. We are not, however, including the
information contained on our website, or information that may be accessed through links on our website, as part of, or
incorporating such information by reference into, this annual report on Form 10-K.
1 O