We may have insufficient transmission and co-location space, which could result in disruptions to our services and loss of
revenue.
Our operations are dependent in part upon transmission capacity provided by third party telecommunications network
providers and access to co-location facilities to house our servers. There can be no assurance that we are adequately prepared
for unexpected increases in bandwidth demands by our customers, particularly those under cyber-attack. The bandwidth we
have contracted to purchase may become unavailable for a variety of reasons, including payment disputes, network providers
going out of business, natural disasters, networks imposing traffic limits or governments adopting regulations that impact
network operations. In some regions, network providers may choose to compete with us and become unwilling to sell us
adequate transmission capacity at fair market prices. This risk is heightened where market power is concentrated with one or a
few major networks. We also may be unable to move quickly enough to augment capacity to reﬂect growing traffic or security
demands. Failure to put in place the capacity we require could result in a reduction in, or disruption of, service to our customers
and ultimately a loss of those customers. In recent years, it has become increasingly expensive to house our servers at network
facilities. We expect this trend to continue. In addition, customers have increasingly elected to transmit their content over our
SSL network, which is more costly for us to operate and could require significant additional investment for us. These increased
expenses have made, and will make, it more costly for us to expand our operations and more difficult for us to maintain or
improve our profitability.
Acquisitions and other strategic transactions we complete could result in operating diﬂ‘iculties, dilution, diversion of
management attention and other harmful consequences that may adversely impact our business and results of operations.
We expect to pursue acquisitions and other types of strategic relationships that involve technology sharing or close
cooperation with other companies. Acquisitions and other complex transactions are accompanied by a number of risks,
including the following:
- difficulty integrating the operations and personnel of acquired companies;
° potential disruption of our ongoing business;
° potential distraction of management;
° diversion of business resources from core operations;
° expenses related to the transactions;
0 failure to realize synergies or other expected benefits;
0 increased accounting charges such as impairment of goodwill or intangible assets, amortization of intangible assets
acquired and a reduction in the useful lives of intangible assets acquired; and
° potential unknown liabilities associated with acquired businesses.
Any inability to integrate completed acquisitions or combinations in an efficient and timely manner could have an adverse
impact on our results of operations. If we use a significant portion of our available cash to pay for acquisitions that are not
successful, it could harm our balance sheet and limit our ﬂexibility to pursue other opportunities without having enjoyed the
intended benefits of the acquisition. As we complete acquisitions, we may encounter difficulty in incorporating acquired
technologies into our offerings while maintaining the quality standards that are consistent with our brand and reputation. If we
are not successful in completing acquisitions or other strategic transactions that we may pursue in the future, we may incur
substantial expenses and devote significant management time and resources without a successful result. Future acquisitions
could require use of substantial portions of our available cash or result in dilutive issuances of securities. Technology sharing or
other strategic relationships we enter into may give rise to disputes over intellectual property ownership, operational
responsibilities and other significant matters. Such disputes may be expensive and time-consuming to resolve.
14