of our core technology is based in part on the technology covered by these patents, patent applications and copyrights. These
patents are scheduled to expire beginning in 2018. As the patents expire, we will no longer have the right to exclude others from
practicing the technologies covered by them. Furthermore, we cannot be certain that any pending or future patent applications
will be granted, that any future patent will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or that rights granted under any
patent that may be issued will provide competitive advantages to us. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights from
unauthorized use, the value of our intellectual property assets may be reduced. Although we have licensed from other parties
proprietary technology covered by patents, we cannot be certain that any such patents will not be challenged, invalidated or
circumvented. Such licenses may also be non-exclusive, meaning our competition may also be able to access such technology.
We rely on certain “open-source” software the use of which could result in our having to distribute our proprietary software,
including our source code, to third parties on unfavorable terms, which could materially aﬂect our business.
Certain of our service offerings use software that is subject to open-source licenses. Open-source code is software that is
freely accessible, usable and modifiable. Open-source software may have security ﬂaws and other deficiencies that could make
our solutions less reliable and damage our business. Certain open-source code is governed by license agreements, the terms of
which could require users of such software to make any derivative works of the software available to others on unfavorable
terms or at no cost. Because we use open-source code, we may be required to take remedial action in order to protect our
proprietary software. Such action could include replacing certain source code used in our software, discontinuing certain of our
products or taking other actions that could be expensive and divert resources away from our development efforts. In addition,
the terms relating to disclosure of derivative works in many open-source licenses are unclear. If a court interprets one or more
such open-source licenses in a manner that is unfavorable to us, we could be required to make certain of our key software
available at no cost.
We may be unsuccessful at developing and maintaining strategic relationships with third parties that expand our
distribution channels and increase revenue, which could significantly limit our long-term growth.
Our future success will likely require us to maintain and increase the number and depth of our relationships with resellers,
systems integrators, product makers and other strategic partners and to leverage those relationships to expand our distribution
channels and increase revenue. If we become reliant on a small number of large partners, any termination of our relationship
with one of them could have an adverse impact on our financial condition. The need to develop such relationships can be
particularly acute in areas outside of the US. We have not always been successful at developing these relationships due to the
complexity of our services, our historical reliance on an internal sales force and other factors. Recruiting and retaining qualified
channel partners and training them in the use of our technology and services and ensuring that they are compliant with our
ethical expectations requires significant time and resources. In order to develop and expand our distribution channel, we must
continue to expand and improve our portfolio of solutions as well as the systems, processes and procedures that support our
channels. Those systems, processes and procedures may become increasingly complex and difficult to manage. The time and
expense required for the sales and marketing organizations of our channel partners to become familiar with our offerings,
including our new services developments, may make it more difficult to introduce those products to enterprises. Our failure to
maintain and increase the number and quality of relationships with channel partners, and any inability to successfully execute
on the partnerships we initiate, could significantly impede our revenue growth prospects in the short and long term.
If the accounting estimates we make, and the assumptions on which we rely, in preparing our ﬁnancial statements prove
inaccurate, our actual results may be adversely affected
Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the US. The
preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments about, among other things, taxes, revenue
recognition, stock-based compensation costs, capitalization of internal-use software development costs, investments, contingent
obligations, allowance for doubtful accounts, intangible assets and restructuring charges. These estimates and judgments affect,
among other things, the reported amounts of our assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, the amounts of charges accrued by us,
and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances and at the time they are made. If our estimates or the
assumptions underlying them are not correct, actual results may differ materially from our estimates and we may need to,
among other things, accrue additional charges that could adversely affect our results of operations, which in turn could
adversely affect our stock price. In addition, new accounting pronouncements and interpretations of accounting
pronouncements have occurred and may occur in the future that could adversely affect our reported financial results.
1 9