Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures as of December 31, 2016. The term “disclosure controls and procedures,” as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d—15
(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a
company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or
submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or
submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company’s management, including its principal
executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of
possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2016,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective at the reasonable assurance level.
Management is Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is
defined in Rules 13a—15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision
of, the company's principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company’s board of directors,
management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and
includes those policies and procedures that:
- pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company;
- provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
- provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
To assist management, we have established an internal audit function to verify and monitor our internal controls and
procedures. Because of its inherent limitations, however, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Our management assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2016. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control — Integrated Framework 2013.
Based on our assessment, management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
concluded that, as of December 31, 2016, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria at
the reasonable assurance level.
The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report, which is included in
Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K.
82