primarily attributable to synergies related to the integration of Concord technology onto the Company's platform as well as a
trained technical workforce. An insignificant portion of the goodwill related to the acquisition of Concord is expected to be
deducted for tax purposes. The allocation of the purchase price was finalized in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Soha Systems
On October 3, 2016, the Company acquired Soha, a provider of technology designed to facilitate secure access to
enterprise applications, for $55.0 million in initial consideration and up to an additional $5.0 million for the achievement of
post-closing milestones. The acquisition is intended to complement the Company's strategy of securing, protecting and
accelerating enterprise applications and services in the cloud. The Company allocated $43.5 million of the cost of the
acquisition to goodwill and $10.7 million to identifiable intangible assets. The total weighted average useful life of the
intangible assets acquired from Soha is 4.7 years. The value of the goodwill is primarily attributable to synergies related to the
integration of Soha technology onto the Company's platform as well as a trained technical workforce. The total amount of
goodwill related to the acquisition of Soha expected to be deducted for tax purposes is $12.0 million. The allocation of the
purchase price has not been finalized as the Company continues to assess the impact of relevant facts and circumstances.
Cyberfend
On December 15, 2016, the Company acquired Cyberfend, an innovator in bot and automation detection solutions for web
and mobile environments, for $37.5 million in initial consideration and up to an additional $10.5 million upon the achievement
of post-closing milestones. The acquisition is intended to further strengthen the Company's existing bot management and
mitigation services. The Company allocated $38.8 million of the cost of the acquisition to goodwill and $6.5 million to
acquired intangible assets. The total weighted average useful life of the intangible assets acquired from Cyberfend is 3.6 years.
The value of the goodwill from the acquisition can be attributed to a number of business factors including a trained technical
workforce and cost synergies expected to be realized. The total amount of goodwill related to the acquisition of Cyberfend
expected to be deducted for tax purposes is $11.0 million. The allocation of the purchase price has not been finalized as the
Company continues to assess the impact of relevant facts and circumstances.
2015 Acquisitions
Xerocole
On February 27, 2015, the Company acquired Xerocole, Inc. ("Xerocole"), a provider of recursive Domain Name System
("DNS") functionality, for $16.6 million in cash. The Company acquired Xerocole with a goal of expanding its existing
Authoritative DNS products. The Company allocated $12.9 million of the cost of the acquisition to goodwill and $4.9 million
to acquired intangible assets. The allocation of the purchase price was finalized in the third quarter of 2015. The total weighted
average useful life of the intangible assets acquired from Xerocole is 8.8 years. The value of the goodwill from the acquisition
can be attributed to a number of business factors including a trained technical workforce and cost synergies expected to be
realized. The total amount of goodwill expected to be deducted for tax purposes is $2.7 million.
Octoshape
On April 6, 2015, the Company acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of Codemate A/ S and its wholly-owned
subsidiary Octoshape ApS (together, "Octoshape") in exchange for $107.0 million in cash. Octoshape is a cloud service
provider focused on delivering broadcast, enterprise and carrier solutions. The goal of acquiring Octoshape was to make
available for the Company's customers additional delivery and optimization technologies for video streams of over-the-top
(often referred to as OTT) content and to enable the Company to more fully support Internet Protocol television ("IPTV")
solutions. The consolidated financial statements include the operating results of Octoshape from the date of acquisition.
66