venture's operations are included in our consolidated ﬁnancial results. The joint venture distributes our products to wholesale
customers, our own retail stores and e-commerce customers in China through independent logistic companies with
warehouses in Shanghai.
We sell to 12 distributors that sell to approximately 850 wholesale customers in locations throughout the LAAP region.
In addition, we earn licensing income in our LAAP region based on our distributors' production and sale of licensed products.
The majority of sales to our LAAP distributors are shipped directly from the contract manufacturers from which we source
our products.
EMEA
Sales in our EMEA region accounted for 10.7% of our net sales for 2016. We sell our products in the EMEA region
to approximately 3,500 wholesale customers and to 9 independent international distributors that sell to approximately 500
wholesale customers in locations throughout the EMEA region, including Russia, portions of Europe, the Middle East, and
Africa. In addition, as of December 31, 2016, we operated 20 outlet and shop-in—shop locations and 1 branded retail store
in various locations in Western Europe. We also sell Columbia and SOREL products through brand-specific e-commerce
websites in Austria, Belgium, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, and the United Kingdom.
We distribute the majority of our products sold to EMEA wholesale customers and our own retail stores from a
distribution center that we own and operate in Cambrai, France. The majority of sales to our EMEA distributors are shipped
directly from the contract manufacturers from which we source our products.
Canada
Sales in Canada accounted for 6.9% of our net sales for 2016. We sell our products in Canada to approximately 1,100
wholesale customers. In addition, as of December 31, 2016, we operated 4 outlet retail stores and 1 employee retail store
in Canada. We also sell Columbia, Mountain Hardwear and SOREL products through brand-specific e-commerce websites
in Canada.
We distribute the majority of our products sold in Canada from a distribution center that we own in London, Ontario.
Marketing
Our portfolio of brands enables us to target a wide range of consumers across the globe with differentiated products.
Marketing supports and enhances our competitive position in the marketplace, drives global alignment through seasonal
initiatives, builds brand equity, raises global brand relevance and awareness, infuses our brands with excitement, and, most
important, stimulates consumer demand for our products worldwide. During 2016, we invested approximately 5% of our
net sales in marketing programs.
Our integrated marketing efforts deliver consistent messages about the performance benefits, features and styling of
our products within each of our brands. Our target audiences vary by brand and we utilize a variety of means to deliver our
marketing messages, including online advertising and social media, television and print publications, experiential events,
branded retail stores in select high-profile locations, enhanced product displays in partnership with various wholesale
customers and independent international distributors, and consumer focused public relations efforts.
We work closely with our key wholesale customers to reinforce our brand messages through cooperative online,
television, radio, and print advertising campaigns, as well as in stores using branded visual merchandising display tools.
We also employ teams that visit our customers' retail locations in major cities around the world to facilitate favorable in-
store presentation of our products.
We operate branded e-commerce websites and marketing websites in North America, Europe, Japan, Korea, and China,
and maintain a presence on a variety of global social media platforms to connect with consumers. In addition, we authorize
many of our wholesale customers and distributors to operate e-commerce or marketing websites or both and to maintain a
presence on social media platforms that help to reinforce our brand messages. Through digital media, consumers are able
to interact with content created to inform and entertain them about our brands and products, to be directed to nearby retailers,
or to purchase our products directly. Use of digital marketing and social media has become increasingly important within
each of our brands' global efforts to build strong emotional connections with consumers through consistent, brand-enhancing
content.
6