COLUMBIA SPORTSWEAR COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS=(C0ntinued)
Inventory Purchase Obligations
Inventory purchase obligations consist of open production purchase orders for sourced apparel, footwear, accessories,
and equipment, and raw material commitments not included in open production purchase orders. At December 31, 2016,
inventory purchase obligations were $202,391,000.
Litigation
The Company is involved in litigation and various legal matters arising in the normal course of business, including
matters related to employment, retail, intellectual property, contractual agreements, and various regulatory compliance
activities. Management has considered facts related to legal and regulatory matters and opinions of counsel handling these
matters, and does not believe the ultimate resolution of these proceedings will have a material adverse effect on the Company's
financial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
Cyber Security Incident
In February 2017, we became aware of a cyber security incident involving our prAna.com e-commerce website. The
Company has taken steps to address the incident and has launched an investigation, engaging a cyber security firm to assist.
The Company is actively investigating the nature and scope of the incident, including to what extent customer information
may have been compromised. It is reasonably possible that the Company may incur losses in connection with the incident;
however, the Company is still in the early stages of the investigation and at this time the Company is unable to reasonably
estimate the amount of any losses or the amount of expenses, net of any potential insurance recovery, it may incur in
addressing this incident.
Indemnities and Guarantees
During its normal course of business, the Company has made certain indemnities, commitments and guarantees under
which it may be required to make payments in relation to certain transactions. These include (i) intellectual property
indemnities to the Company's customers and licensees in connection with the use, sale or license of Company products,
(ii) indemnities to various lessors in connection with facility leases for certain claims arising from such facility or lease,
(iii) indemnities to customers, vendors and service providers pertaining to claims based on the negligence or willful
misconduct of the Company, (iv) executive severance arrangements, and (v) indemnities involving the accuracy of
representations and warranties in certain contracts. The duration of these indemnities, commitments and guarantees varies,
and in certain cases, may be indefinite. The majority of these indemnities, commitments and guarantees do not provide for
any limitation of the maximum potential for future payments the Company could be obligated to make. The Company has
not recorded any liability for these indemnities, commitments and guarantees in the accompanying Consolidated Balance
Sheets.
NOTE 14=SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Since the inception of the Company's stock repurchase plan in 2004 through December 3 1, 2016, the Company's Board
of Directors has authorized the repurchase of $700,000,000 of the Company's common stock. As of December 31, 2016,
the Company had repurchased 20,992,940 shares under this program at an aggregate purchase price of approximately
$526,522,000. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company purchased an aggregate of $11,000 of common
stock under the stock repurchase plan. Shares of the Company's common stock may be purchased in the open market or
through privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions. The repurchase program does not obligate the
Company to acquire any specific number of shares or to acquire shares over any specified period of time.
From January 1, 20 17 through February 10, 2017, the Company repurchased 616,152 shares of the Company's common
stock at an aggregate purchase price of approximately $33,000,000.
NOTE 15—STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
The Company's stock incentive plan (the "Plan") provides for issuance of up to 20,800,000 shares of the Company's
common stock, of which 3,089,699 shares were available for future grants under the Plan at December 31, 2016. The Plan
62