° Unseasonable weather conditions;
° Our reliance, for certain demand and supply planning functions, on manual processes and judgment that are
subject to human error;
- Consumer acceptance of our products or changes in consumer demand for products of our competitors, which
could increase pressure on our product development cycle;
- Unanticipated changes in general market conditions or other factors, which may result in lower advance orders
from wholesale customers and distributors, cancellations of advance orders or a reduction or increase in the rate
of reorders placed by retailers; and
° Weak economic conditions or consumer confidence, which could reduce demand for discretionary items such
as our products.
In some cases, we may produce quantities of product that exceed actual demand, which could result in higher inventory
levels that we need to liquidate at discounted prices. During periods of unseasonable weather conditions, weak economic
conditions, unfavorable currency ﬂuctuations, or unfavorable geopolitical conditions in key markets, we may experience a
significant increase in the volume of order cancellations by our customers, including cancellations resulting from the
bankruptcy, liquidation or contraction of some customers' operations. We may not be able to sell all of the products we have
ordered from contract manufacturers or that we have in our inventory. Inventory levels in excess of customer demand may
result in inventory write-downs and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices through our owned outlet stores or
third-party liquidation channels, which could have a material adverse effect on our brand image, financial condition, results
of operations, or cash ﬂows.
Conversely, if we underestimate demand for our products or if our contract manufacturers are unable to supply products
when we need them, we may experience inventory shortages. Inventory shortages may prevent us from fulfilling customer
orders, delay shipments to customers, negatively affect customer relationships, result in increased costs to expedite
production and delivery, and diminish our ability to build brand loyalty. Shipments delayed due to limited factory capacity,
transportation or port disruption or other factors could result in order cancellations by our customers, which could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
We Face Risks Associated with Consumer Preferences and Fashion Trends
Changes in consumer preferences, consumer purchasing behavior or consumer interest in outdoor activities may have
a material adverse effect on our business and changes in fashion trends may have a greater effect than in the past as we
expand our offerings to include more product categories in more geographic areas that are generally more sensitive to fashion
trends. We also face risks because our success depends on our and our customers' abilities to anticipate consumer preferences
and buying patterns, including the growth of e-commerce off-price retailing, and respond to changes in a timely manner.
Lead times for many of our products may make it more difficult for us to respond rapidly to new or changing product trends
or consumer preferences. In addition, our decisions about product designs often are made far in advance of consumer
acceptance. Although we try to manage our inventory risk by soliciting advance order commitments from customers, we
generally place a significant portion of our seasonal production orders with our contract manufacturers before we have
received all of a season's advance orders from customers, and orders may be canceled by customers before shipment. If we
or our customers fail to anticipate and respond to consumer preferences or fail to respond in a timely manner or if we or
our customers are unable to effectively navigate a transforming retail environment, we could suffer reputational damage to
our brands and we may experience lower sales, excess inventories and lower profit margins in current and future periods,
any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
We May Be Adversely Affected by Weather Conditions, Including Global Climate Change Trends
Our business is adversely affected by unseasonable weather conditions. A significant portion of the sales of our
products is dependent in part on the weather and likely to decline in years in which weather conditions do not stimulate
demand for our products. Periods of unseasonably warm weather in the fall or winter or unseasonably cold or wet weather
in the spring and summer may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
Unintended inventory accumulation by our wholesale customers resulting from unseasonable weather in one season generally
negatively affects orders in future seasons, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
operations or cash ﬂows.
l6