We May Be Adversely Affected by Volatile Economic Conditions
We are a consumer products company and are highly dependent on consumer discretionary spending and retail traffic
patterns. Purchasing patterns of our wholesale customers can vary year to year as they attempt to forecast and match their
seasonal advance orders, in—season replenishment and at—once orders to eventual seasonal consumer demand. In addition,
as we have expanded our direct-to-consumer businesses, we have increased our direct exposure to the risks associated with
volatile and unpredictable consumer discretionary spending patterns. Consumer discretionary spending behavior is
inherently unpredictable and consumer demand for our products may not reach our sales targets, or may decline, especially
during periods of heightened economic uncertainty in our key markets. Our sensitivity to economic cycles and any related
ﬂuctuation in consumer demand may have a material adverse effect on our ﬁnancial condition, results of operations or cash
ﬂows.
We May Be Adversely Affected by the Financial Health of Our Customers
In recent periods, sluggish economies and consumer uncertainty regarding future economic prospects in our key
markets had an adverse effect on the financial health of our customers, some of whom have filed or may file for protection
under bankruptcy laws, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations,
or cash ﬂows. We extend credit to our customers based on an assessment of the customer's financial condition, generally
without requiring collateral. To assist in the scheduling of production and the shipping of seasonal products, we offer
customers discounts for placing advance orders and extended payment terms for taking delivery before the peak shipping
season. These extended payment terms increase our exposure to the risk of uncollectable receivables. In addition, we face
increased risk of order reduction or cancellation or reduced availability of credit insurance coverage when dealing with
financially ailing retailers or retailers struggling with economic uncertainty. Some of our significant wholesale customers
and independent international distributors have liquidated or reorganized, while others have had financial difficulties in the
past or have experienced tightened credit markets, sales declines and reduced profitability, which in turn have had an adverse
effect on our business. Future liquidations and reorganizations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations or cash ﬂows. We may choose to limit our credit risk by reducing our level of business with customers
experiencing financial difficulties and may not be able to replace those revenues with other customers or through our direct-
to-consumer operations within the same fiscal year, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations or cash ﬂows.
We May Be Adversely Affected by Retailer Consolidation
When our wholesale customers combine their operations through mergers, acquisitions or other transactions, their
consolidated order volume may decrease while their bargaining power and the competitive threat they pose by marketing
products under their own private labels may increase. Some of our significant customers have consolidated their operations
in the past, which in turn has had a negative effect on our business. Future customer consolidations could have a material
adverse effect on our ﬁnancial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
We May Be Adversely Affected by Global Credit Market Conditions
Economic downturns and economic uncertainty generally affect global credit markets. Our vendors, customers and
other participants in our supply chain may require access to credit markets in order to do business. Credit market conditions
may slow our collection eﬁorts as customers find it more difficult to obtain necessary financing, leading to higher than
normal accounts receivable. This could result in greater expense associated with collection efforts and increased bad debt
expense. Credit conditions may impair our vendors’ ability to finance the purchase of raw materials or general working
capital needs to support our production requirements, resulting in a delay or non-receipt of inventory shipments during key
seasons.
Historically, we have limited our reliance on debt to finance our working capital, capital expenditures and investing
activity requirements. We expect to fund our future capital expenditures with existing cash, expected operating cash ﬂows
and credit facilities, but, if the need arises to finance additional expenditures, we may need to seek additional funding. Our
ability to obtain additional financing will depend on many factors, including prevailing market conditions, our financial
condition and our ability to negotiate favorable terms and conditions. Financing may not be available on terms that are
acceptable or favorable to us, if at all.
13