Credit and Collection
We extend credit to our wholesale customers and distributors based on an assessment of each customer's financial
condition, generally without requiring collateral. To assist us in scheduling production with our suppliers and delivering
seasonal products to our customers on time, we offer customers discounts for placing advance orders and extended payment
terms for taking delivery before peak seasonal shipping periods. These extended payment terms increase our exposure to
the risk of uncollectable receivables. In order to manage the inherent risks of customer receivables, we maintain and continue
to invest in information systems, processes and personnel skilled in credit and collections. In some markets and with some
customers we use credit insurance, customer deposits or standby letters of credit to minimize our risk of credit loss.
Sourcing and Manufacturing
We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities. Virtually all of our products are manufactured to our specifications
by contract manufacturers located outside the United States. We seek to establish and maintain long-term relationships with
key manufacturing partners, but generally do not maintain formal long-term manufacturing volume commitments. We
believe that the use of contract manufacturers enables us to substantially limit our invested capital and to avoid the costs
and risks associated with owning and operating large production facilities and managing large labor forces. We also believe
that the use of contract manufacturers greatly increases our production capacity, maximizes our ﬂexibility and improves
our product pricing. We manage our supply chain from a global and regional perspective and adjust as needed to changes
in the global production environment, including political risks, factory capacity, import limitations and costs, raw material
costs, availability and cost of labor, and transportation costs. Without long-term commitments, there is no assurance that
we will be able to secure adequate or timely production capacity or favorable pricing terms.
Our apparel, accessories and equipment are manufactured in 17 countries, with Vietnam and China accounting for
approximately 65% of our 2016 apparel, accessories and equipment production. Our footwear is manufactured in four
countries, with China and Vietnam accounting for substantially all of our 2016 footwear production.
Our five largest apparel, accessories and equipment factory groups accounted for approximately 28% of 2016 global
apparel, accessories and equipment production, with the largest factory group accounting for 10% of 2016 global apparel,
accessories and equipment production. Our five largest footwear factory groups accounted for approximately 73% of 2016
global footwear production, with the largest factory group accounting for 34% of 2016 global footwear production. Most
of our largest suppliers have multiple factory locations, thus reducing the risk that unfavorable conditions at a single factory
or location will have a material adverse effect on our business.
We maintain 11 manufacturing liaison offices in a total of eight Asian countries. Personnel in these manufacturing
liaison offices are direct employees of Columbia and are responsible for overseeing production at our contract manufacturers.
We believe that having employees physically located in these regions enhances our ability to monitor factories for compliance
with our policies, procedures and standards related to quality, delivery, pricing, and labor practices. Our quality assurance
process is designed to ensure that our products meet our quality standards. We believe that our quality assurance process is
an important and effective means of maintaining the quality and reputation of our products. In addition, independent
contractors that manufacture products for us are subject to standards of manufacturing practices ("SMP"). Columbia sources
products around the world and values legal, ethical and fair treatment of people involved in manufacturing our products.
Each factory producing products for us is monitored regularly against these standards. Additional information about SMP
and corporate responsibility programs may be found at www.columbia.com and www.prana.com. The content on our websites
is not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K unless expressly noted.
Competition
The markets for outdoor and active lifestyle apparel, footwear, accessories, and equipment are highly competitive.
We believe that the primary competitive factors in the end-use markets are brand strength, product innovation, product
design, functionality, durability, effectiveness of marketing efforts, and price.
In each of our geographic markets, our brands face significant competition from numerous competitors, some of which
are larger than we are and have greater financial, marketing and operational resources with which to compete, and others
that are smaller with fewer resources but that may be deeply entrenched in local markets. The markets in China and Korea
have attracted a large number of competitive local and global brands. In other markets, such as Europe, we face competition
from brands that hold significant market share in one or several European markets but are not significant competitors in
8