PART I
Item 1. BUSINESS
General
Founded in 1938 in Portland, Oregon, as a small, family-owned, regional hat distributor and incorporated in 1961,
Columbia Sportswear Company has grown to become a global leader in designing, sourcing, marketing, and distributing
outdoor and active lifestyle apparel, footwear, accessories, and equipment. Unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms
"we", "us", "our", "the Company," and "Columbia" refer to Columbia Sportswear Company, together with its wholly owned
subsidiaries and entities in which it maintains a controlling financial interest.
As one of the largest outdoor and active lifestyle apparel and footwear companies in the world, our products have
earned an international reputation for innovation, quality and performance. We design, source, market, and distribute outdoor
and active lifestyle apparel, footwear, accessories, and equipment under four primary brands, which complement each other
to address the diverse needs of consumers:
Columbia®
The Columbia brand is our largest brand, offering performance and casual products, including apparel, footwear,
accessories, and equipment, for a wide variety of activities and consumers.
SOREL®
Acquired in 2000, the SOREL brand offers premium fashion, casual and cold weather footwear, apparel and accessories
for a wide demographic, with a primary emphasis on young, fashion-forward female consumers.
Mountain Hardwear®
Acquired in 2003, the Mountain Hardwear brand, headquartered in Richmond, California, offers premium apparel,
accessories and equipment primarily for the high performance needs of mountaineering enthusiasts, as well as for consumers
who are inspired by the outdoor lifestyle.
prAna®
Acquired in 2014, the prAna brand, headquartered in Carlsbad, California, offers stylish and functional active lifestyle
apparel and accessories designed and manufactured with an emphasis on sustainable materials and processes.
Other Brands
The Montrail® brand, acquired in 2006, offers high-performance running footwear, with an emphasis on trail-running.
In February 2016, the Company announced the decision to realign the Montrail brand in spring 2017 as a sub-brand of the
Columbia brand. The new sub-brand will expand its offerings to include full head-to-toe assortments of performance
footwear, apparel and accessories designed specifically for running on the trail.
The OutDry® brand, acquired in 2010, holds various patents pertaining to processes for manufacturing waterproof
and breathable apparel, footwear, accessories, and equipment. We have incorporated OutDry in select Columbia, Mountain
Hardwear, SOREL, and Montrail products and also license the product to other parties.
The Pacific Trail® brand, acquired in 2006, is licensed to third parties across a range of apparel, footwear, accessories,
and equipment.
We distribute our products through a mix of wholesale distribution channels, our own direct-to-consumer channels
(retail stores and e-commerce), independent international distributors, and licensees. In 2016, our products were sold in
approximately 90 countries. In 59 of those countries we sell to distributors to whom we have granted distribution rights.
Substantially all of our products are manufactured by contract manufacturers located outside the United States.
Consumer desire for our products is affected by a number of variables, including the popularity of outdoor activities
and active lifestyles, weather, changing design trends, consumer adoption of innovative performance technologies and the
availability and desirability of competitor alternatives. Therefore, we seek to drive, anticipate and respond to trends and
2