profitability if sales volumes decline for an extended period of time and could have material adverse eﬁects on our financial
condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
Our distribution facilities may also be interrupted by natural disasters, such as earthquakes, tornadoes or fires. We
maintain business interruption insurance, but it may not adequately protect us from the adverse effect that may be caused
by significant disruptions in our distribution facilities.
Our Investments May Be Adversely Affected by Market Conditions
Our investment portfolio is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Changes in market conditions, such as
those that accompany an economic downturn or economic uncertainty, may negatively affect the value and liquidity of our
investment portfolio, perhaps significantly. Our ability to find diversified investments that are both safe and liquid and that
provide a reasonable return may be impaired, potentially resulting in lower interest income, less diversification, longer
investment maturities, or other-than-temporary impairments.
We May Be Adversely Affected by Labor Disruptions, Changes in Labor Laws and Other Labor Issues
Our business depends on our ability to source and distribute products in a timely manner. While a majority of our
own operations are not subject to organized labor agreements, our relationship with our Cambrai distribution center
employees is governed by French law, including a formal representation of employees by aWorks Council and the application
of a collective bargaining agreement. Labor disputes at contract manufacturers where our goods are produced, shipping
ports, transportation carriers, retail stores, or distribution centers create significant risks for our business, particularly if
these disputes result in work slowdowns, lockouts, strikes, or other disruptions during our peak manufacturing, shipping
and selling seasons. For example, work slowdowns and stoppages at ports on the west coast of the United States in recent
years have resulted in product delays and increased costs. Labor disruptions may have a material adverse effect on our
business, potentially resulting in canceled orders by customers, unanticipated inventory accumulation and reduced revenues
and earnings.
Our ability to meet our labor needs at our distribution centers, retail stores, corporate headquarters, and regional
subsidiaries, including our ability to find qualified employees while controlling wage and related labor costs, is generally
subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force
of the markets in which our operations are located, unemployment levels within those markets, prevailing and minimum
wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs, and adoption of new or revised employment and labor
laws and regulations. If we are unable to locate, attract or retain qualified employees, our ability to source, distribute and
sell products in a timely and cost-effective manner may be negatively impacted, which could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
We Depend on Key Suppliers
Some of the materials that we use may be available from only one source or a very limited number of sources. For
example, some specialty fabrics are manufactured to our specification by one source or a few sources, and a single vendor
supplies the majority of the zippers used in our products. From time to time, we have difficulty satisfying our raw material
and finished goods requirements. Although we believe that we can identify and qualify additional contract manufacturers
to produce these materials as necessary, there are no guarantees that additional contract manufacturers will be available. In
addition, depending on the timing, any changes in sources or materials may result in increased costs or production delays,
which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
We Depend on Key Personnel
Our future success will depend in part on the continued service of key personnel and our ability to attract, retain and
develop key managers, designers, sales and information technology professionals, and others. We face intense competition
for these individuals worldwide, and there is a significant concentration of well-funded apparel and footwear competitors
in and near our headquarters in Portland, Oregon. We may not be able to attract qualified new employees or retain existing
employees, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
Our Business Is Affected by Seasonality
21