COLUMBIA SPORTSWEAR COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS=(Continued)
Investments:
At December 31, 2016 and 2015, short-term investments consisted of investments held as part of the Company's
deferred compensation plan expected to be distributed in the next twelve months. Investments held as part of the Company's
deferred compensation plan are classified as trading securities and are recorded at fair value with any unrealized gains and
losses reported in operating income. Realized gains or losses are determined based on the specific identification method.
At December 3 1, 2016 and 2015, long-term investments included in other non-current assets consisted of mutual fund
shares held to offset liabilities to participants in the Company's deferred compensation plan. The investments are classified
as long-term because the related deferred compensation liabilities are not expected to be paid within the next year. These
investments are classified as trading securities and are recorded at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported as a
component of operating income.
Accounts receivable:
Accounts receivable have been reduced by an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company makes ongoing estimates
of the collectability of accounts receivable and maintains an allowance for estimated losses resulting from the inability of
the Company's customers to make required payments.
Inventories:
Inventories consist primarily of finished goods and are carried at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using
the first-in, first-out method. The Company periodically reviews its inventories for excess, close-out or slow moving items
and makes provisions as necessary to properly reﬂect inventory value.
Property, plant, and equipment:
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The principal estimated useful lives are: land improvements,
15 years; buildings and building improvements, 15—30 years; furniture and fixtures, 3—10 years; and machinery, software
and equipment, 3—10 years. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the lesser of the estimated useful life of the
improvement, which is most commonly 7 years, or the remaining term of the underlying lease.
Improvements to property, plant and equipment that substantially extend the useful life of the asset are capitalized.
Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Internal and external costs directly related to the development of
internal-use software during the application development stage, including costs incurred for third party contractors and
employee compensation, are capitalized and depreciated over a 3-10 year estimated useful life.
Impairment oflong-lived assets:
Long-lived assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are measured for impairment only when events
or circumstances indicate the carrying value may be impaired. In these cases, the Company estimates the future undiscounted
cash ﬂows to be derived from the asset or asset group to determine whether a potential impairment exists. If the sum of the
estimated undiscounted cash ﬂows is less than the carrying value of the asset, the Company recognizes an impairment loss,
measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset. Impairment charges for
long-lived assets are included in selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") expense and were $4,310,000, $4,171,000
and $73,000 for the years ended December 3 1, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Charges during the years ended December
31, 2016 and 2015 were recorded in the United States and LAAP regions for certain underperforming retail stores. Charges
during the year ended December 31, 2014 were recorded in the United States region for certain underperforming retail
stores.
Intangible assets and goodwill:
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and goodwill are not amortized but are periodically evaluated for
impairment. Intangible assets that are determined to have finite lives are amortized using the straight-line method over their
50