in recent years. Increased investment by our competitors in this market could decrease our market share and
competitive position in China.
Our International Operations Involve Many Risks, and Global Economic and Political Conditions as Well as Potential
Changes in Legislation and Government Policy May Negatively Affect Our Business
We are subject to risks generally associated with doing business internationally. These risks include the effects of
foreign laws and regulations, foreign government fiscal and political crises, political and economic disputes and sanctions,
changes in consumer preferences, foreign currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations, managing a diverse and widespread
workforce, political unrest, terrorist acts, military operations, disruptions or delays in shipments, disease outbreaks, natural
disasters, and changes in economic conditions in countries in which we manufacture or sell products. These factors, among
others, may affect our ability to sell products in international markets, our ability to collect accounts receivable, our ability
to manufacture products or procure materials, and our cost of doing business. For example, political and economic turmoil
in certain South American distributor markets have resulted in currency and import restrictions, limiting our ability to sell
products in some countries in this region. Also, Russia constitutes a significant portion of our non-US. sales and operating
income and a signiﬁcant change in conditions in that market has had an adverse effect on our results of operations in the
past. The United Kingdom's June 23, 2016 referendum, in which voters approved its exit from the European Union
(commonly referred to as "Brexit"), has created economic uncertainty and volatility in currency exchange rates, and the
potential adverse effects of changes to the legal and regulatory framework that apply to the United Kingdom and its
relationship with the European Union, and the associated effects on our European operations, are unknown. If any of these
or other factors make the conduct of business in a particular country undesirable or impractical, our business may be
materially and adversely affected.
In addition, the new US. administration has publicly supported potential trade proposals, including import tariﬁs,
modifications to international trade policy, and other changes that may affect US. trade relations with other countries, any
of which may require us to significantly modify our current business practices or may otherwise materially and adversely
affect our business.
As we expand our operations in geographic scope and product categories, we anticipate intellectual property disputes
will increase, making it more expensive and challenging to establish and protect our intellectual property rights and to
defend against claims of infringement by others. In addition, many of our imported products are subject to duties, tariffs or
other import limitations that affect the cost and quantity of various types of goods imported into the United States and other
markets. Any country in which our products are produced or sold may eliminate, adjust or impose new import limitations,
duties, anti-dumping penalties, or other charges or restrictions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
We May Have Additional Tax Liabilities
As a global company, we determine our income tax liability in various competing tax jurisdictions based on an analysis
and interpretation of local tax laws and regulations. This analysis requires a significant amount of j udgment and estimation
and is often based on various assumptions about the future actions of the local tax authorities. These determinations are the
subject of periodic domestic and foreign tax audits. Although we accrue for uncertain tax positions, our accruals may be
insufficient to satisfy unfavorable ﬁndings. Unfavorable audit findings and tax rulings may result in payment of taxes, fines
and penalties for prior periods and higher tax rates in future periods, which may have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
Changes in the tax laws of the jurisdictions where we do business, including an increase in tax rates or an adverse
change in the treatment of an item of income or expense, could result in a material increase in our tax expense. For example,
changes in the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions could arise as a result of the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) project
undertaken by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). The OECD, which represents a
coalition of member countries, is recommending changes to numerous long-standing tax principles. If these changes are
adopted by countries, tax uncertainty could increase and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes. In addition,
in the United States, a number of proposals for broad reform of the corporate tax system are under evaluation by various
legislative and administrative bodies, including a border-adjustment tax, other increased taxes on imports, and a limit on
the ability to defer U.S. taxation on earnings outside the United States until those earnings are repatriated to the United
States. Although it is not possible to accurately determine or predict at this time whether, when or to what extent new US.
federal tax laws, regulations, interpretations, or rulings will be issued, or the overall effect of any such changes on our
18