Allowance for Uncollectable Accounts Receivable
We make ongoing estimates of the collectability of our accounts receivable and maintain an allowance for estimated
losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. In determining the amount of the allowance,
we consider our historical level of credit losses, and we make judgments about the creditworthiness of customers based on
ongoing credit evaluations. We analyze specific customer accounts, customer concentrations, credit insurance coverage,
standby letters of credit, and other forms of collateral, current economic trends, and changes in customer payment terms.
Continued uncertainty in credit and market conditions may slow our collection efforts if customers experience difficulty
accessing credit and paying their obligations, leading to higher than normal accounts receivable and increased bad debt
expense. Because we cannot predict future changes in the financial stability of our customers, actual future losses from
uncollectable accounts may differ from our estimates and may have a material eﬁect on our consolidated financial position,
results of operations or cash ﬂows. If the financial condition of our customers deteriorates and results in their inability to
make payments, a larger allowance may be required. If we determine that a smaller or larger allowance is appropriate, we
will record a credit or a charge to SG&A expense in the period in which we make such a determination.
Excess, Close-Oat and Slow Moving Inventory
We make ongoing estimates of potential excess, close-out or slow moving inventory. We evaluate our inventory on
hand considering our purchase commitments, sales forecasts and historical liquidation experience to identify excess, close-
out or slow moving inventory and make provisions as necessary to properly reﬂect inventory value at the lower of cost or
estimated market value. If we determine that a smaller or larger reserve is appropriate, we will record a credit or a charge
to cost of sales in the period in which we make such a determination.
Product Warranty
We make ongoing estimates of potential future product warranty costs. When we evaluate our reserve for warranty
costs, we consider our product warranty policies, historical claim rates by season, product category and mix, current warranty
claim trends, and the historical cost to repair, replace or refund the original sale. If we determine that a smaller or larger
reserve is appropriate, we will record a credit or a charge to cost of sales in the period in which we make such a determination.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets, Intangible Assets and Goodwill
Long-lived assets, which include property, plant and equipment and intangible assets with finite lives, are amortized
over their estimated useful lives and are measured for impairment only when events or circumstances indicate the carrying
value may be impaired. In these cases, we estimate the future undiscounted cash ﬂows to be derived from the asset or asset
group to determine whether a potential impairment exists. If the sum of the estimated undiscounted cash ﬂows is less than
the carrying value of the asset, we recognize an impairment loss, measured as the amount by which the carrying value
exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset. For the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, we recorded impairment
charges for certain underperforming retail stores of $4.3 million and $4.2 million, respectively
We review and test our intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and goodwill for impairment in the fourth quarter
of each year and when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may be impaired.
Our intangible assets with indefinite lives consist of trademarks and trade names. Substantially all of our goodwill is recorded
in the United States segment and impairment testing for goodwill is performed at the reporting unit level. In the impairment
test for goodwill, the two-step process first compares the estimated fair value of the reporting unit with the carrying amount
of that reporting unit. We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a combination of discounted cash ﬂow analysis
and market-based valuation methods, as appropriate. If step one indicates impairment, step two compares the estimated fair
value of the reporting unit to the estimated fair value of all reporting unit assets and liabilities, except goodwill, to determine
the implied fair value of goodwill. We calculate impairment as the excess of carrying amount of goodwill over the implied
fair value of goodwill. In the impairment tests for trademarks and trade names, we compare the estimated fair value of each
asset to its carrying amount. The fair values of trademarks and trade names are generally estimated using a relief from
royalty method under the income approach. If the carrying amount of a trademark or trade name exceeds its estimated fair
value, we calculate impairment as the excess of carrying amount over the estimate of fair value.
Our 2016 impairment tests of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives indicated that all reporting units and
intangible assets with indefinite lives exceeded their respective carrying values by more than 20%, with the exception of
goodwill for the Mountain Hardwear reporting unit. In the first step of the Mountain Hardwear goodwill impairment analysis,
39