the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by approximately 13%, and as such the reporting
unit’s goodwill balance of $ 12.2 million was not impaired. While no impairment was indicated during our 2016 tests, if the
Mountain Hardwear brand’s actual or projected future performance deteriorates from the modest projections considered in
our 2016 tests, it is possible that an impairment charge would be required.
Our impairment tests and related fair value estimates are based on a number of factors, including assumptions and
estimates for projected sales, income, cash ﬂows, discount rates, market-based multiples, remaining useful lives, and
other operating performance measures. Changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce
significantly different results. These assumptions and estimates may change in the future due to changes in economic
conditions, changes in our ability to meet sales and profitability objectives or changes in our business operations or
strategic direction.
Acquisition Accounting
We account for business combinations using the purchase method, which requires us to allocate the cost of an acquired
business to the acquired assets and liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. We recognize the
excess of an acquired business' cost over the fair value of the acquired assets and liabilities as goodwill. Determining the
fair value of certain assets and liabilities acquired is judgmental in nature and often involves the use of significant estimates
and assumptions. We use a variety of information sources to determine the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities and
we generally use third party appraisers to assist us in the determination of the fair value and useful lives of identifiable
intangible assets.
Income Taxes
We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, we recognize income tax
expense for the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and for the amount of deferred tax liabilities and
assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. We
make assumptions, judgments and estimates to determine our current provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets
and liabilities and our uncertain tax positions. Our judgments, assumptions and estimates relative to the current provision
for income tax take into account current tax laws, our interpretation of current tax laws and possible outcomes of current
and future audits conducted by foreign and domestic tax authorities. Changes in tax law or our interpretation of tax laws
and the resolution of current and future tax audits could significantly affect the amounts provided for income taxes in our
consolidated financial statements. Our assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to the value of a deferred tax asset
take into account predictions of the amount and category of future taxable income. Actual operating results and the underlying
amount and category of income in future years could cause our current assumptions, judgments and estimates of recoverable
net deferred taxes to be inaccurate. Changes in any of the assumptions, judgments and estimates mentioned above could
cause our actual income tax obligations to differ from our estimates, which could materially affect our financial position,
results of operations and cash ﬂows.
Our tax provision for interim periods is determined using an estimate of our annual effective tax rate, adjusted for
discrete items, if any, that are taken into account in the relevant period. As the calendar year progresses, we periodically
reﬁne our estimate based on actual events and earnings by jurisdiction. This ongoing estimation process can result in changes
to our expected effective tax rate for the full calendar year. When this occurs, we adjust the income tax provision during
the quarter in which the change in estimate occurs so that our year-to-date provision equals our expected annual effective
tax rate.
Stock-Based Compensation
Stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the awards fair value and is recognized as
expense over the requisite service period using the straight-line attribution method. We estimate stock-based compensation
for stock awards granted using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which requires various subjective assumptions,
including volatility and expected option life. Further, we estimate forfeitures for stock-based awards granted, but which are
not expected to vest. If any of these inputs or assumptions changes significantly, stock-based compensation expense may
differ materially in the future from that recorded in the current period.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
4O