effective tax rate, changes such as these may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
or cash ﬂows.
We earn a significant amount of our operating income from outside the United States for which deferred taxes have
not been provided. These earnings are considered indeﬁnitely invested outside of the United States and a repatriation of
these funds may result in a significant increase in our U. S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes. If we become legally
required to repatriate funds or we encounter a significant need for liquidity domestically or at a particular location that we
cannot fulfill on favorable terms through borrowings, equity oﬁerings or other internal or external sources, we may experience
unfavorable tax and earnings consequences as a result of cash transfers.
We Operate in Highly Competitive Markets
The markets for apparel, footwear, accessories, and equipment are highly competitive, as are the markets for our
licensed products. In each of our geographic markets, we face signiﬁcant competition from global and regional branded
apparel, footwear, accessories, and equipment companies, including competition from companies with significantly greater
resources than ours.
Retailers who are our customers often pose our most significant competitive threat by designing and marketing apparel,
footwear, accessories, and equipment under their own private labels. For example, in the United States and Europe, several
of our largest customers have developed significant private label brands during the past decade that compete directly with
our products. These retailers have assumed an increasing degree of inventory risk in their private label products and, as a
result, may first cancel advance orders with us in order to manage their own inventory levels downward during periods of
unseasonable weather or weak economic cycles. As our direct-to-consumer businesses grow, we also experience direct
competition from retailers that are our customers, some of which primarily operate e-commerce operations and employ
aggressive pricing strategies. We also compete with other companies for the production capacity of contract manufacturers
from which we source our products and for import capacity. Many of our competitors are significantly larger than we are
and have substantially greater financial, distribution, marketing, and other resources, more stable manufacturing resources
and greater brand strength than we have. In addition, when our competitors combine operations through mergers, acquisitions
or other transactions, their competitive strengths may increase.
Increased competition may result in reduced access to production capacity, challenges in obtaining favorable locations
for our retail stores, reductions in display areas in retail locations, reductions in sales, or reductions in our proﬁt margins,
any of which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
We Rely on Innovation to Compete in the Market for Our Products
To distinguish our products in the marketplace and achieve commercial success, we rely on product innovations,
including new or exclusive technologies, inventive and appealing design or other differentiating features. Although we are
committed to designing innovative and functional products that deliver relevant performance benefits to consumers, who
participate in a wide range of competitive and recreational outdoor activities, if we fail to introduce technical innovation in
our products that address consumers' performance expectations, we could suffer reputational damage to our brands and
demand for our products could decline.
As we strive to achieve product innovations, we face a greater risk of inadvertent infringements of third party rights
or compliance issues with regulations applicable to products with technical innovations such as electrical heating components
and material treatments. In addition, technical innovations often involve more complex manufacturing processes, which
may lead to higher instances of quality issues, and if we experience problems with the quality of our products, we may incur
substantial expense to address the problems and any associated product risks. For example, in prior years we incurred costs
in connection with recalls of some of our battery-powered electrically heated apparel. Failure to successfully bring to market
innovations in our product lines could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or
cash ﬂows.
Our Success Depends on Our Use and Protection of Intellectual Property Rights
Our registered and common law trademarks and our patented or patent-pending designs and technologies have
significant value and are important to our ability to differentiate our products from those of our competitors and to create
and sustain demand for our products. We also place signiﬁcant value on our trade dress, the overall appearance and image
19