currency exchange rates which, when combined with seasonal weather patterns and inﬂationary or volatile sourcing costs,
reduce the predictability of our business.
Business Outlook
The global business climate continues to present us with a great deal of uncertainty, making it diﬁicult to predict future
results. Consistent with the historical seasonality of the business, we anticipate 2017 profitability to be heavily concentrated
in the second half of the year. Factors that could significantly affect our full year 2017 financial results include:
- Performance and proﬁtability of our owned brick-and-mortar stores and e-commerce direct-to-consumer sales
globally;
° Unseasonable weather conditions or other unforeseen factors affecting consumer demand and the resulting effect
on cancellations of advance wholesale orders, sales returns, wholesale customer accommodations, replenishment
orders and reorders, direct-to-consumer sales, changes in mix and volume of full price sales in relation to
promotional and closeout product sales, and suppressed wholesale and end-consumer demand in subsequent
seasons;
- Industry trends affecting consumer traffic and spending in brick and mortar retail channels, which are creating
uncertainty regarding the long-term financial health of several of our US. wholesale customers, including some
who have recently initiated restructuring activities, bankruptcy proceedings or liquidation;
- Difficult economic and competitive environments in certain key markets within our Europe, Middle East and Africa
("EMEA") and Latin America and Asia Pacific ("LAAP") regions, in particular, Russia and Korea;
- Continued sales growth and profitability contributed by our Europe direct business;
- The eﬁects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on sales, gross margin, operating income, and net income;
and
- Performance of our Mountain Hardwear business as we work to re-invigorate that brand in the marketplace.
These factors and others may have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows,
particularly with respect to quarterly comparisons.
We are continuing to invest in our multi-year global enterprise resource planning ("ERP") implementation. To date,
we have implemented our new ERP system in our North American operations and international distributor businesses,
excluding prAna, as well as the majority of our global supply chain operations. The next planned phase of our global
information systems and infrastructure initiatives is to transition our China joint venture to our new ERP system in 2017.
We remain focused on driving sustainable, profitable sales growth by providing innovative, stylish products at
accessible prices, nurturing stronger emotional connections with consumers through compelling marketing communications,
transforming our global supply chain and information technology platforms and effectively managing inventory and other
working capital assets.
Results of Operations
The following discussion of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources should be read in conjunction
with the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report. To
supplement financial information reported in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
("GAAP"), we disclose constant-currency net sales information, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, to provide a
framework to assess how the business performed excluding the effects of changes in the exchange rates used to translate
net sales generated in foreign currencies into US. dollars. Management believes that this non-GAAP financial measure
reﬂects an additional and useful way of viewing an aspect of our operations that, when viewed in conjunction with our
GAAP results, provides a more comprehensive understanding of our business and operations. In particular, investors may
find the non-GAAP measures useful by reviewing our net sales results without the significant volatility in foreign currency
exchange rates. This non-GAAP financial measure also facilitates management's internal comparisons to our historical net
sales results and comparisons to competitors' net sales results. Constant-currency financial measures should be viewed in
addition to, and not in lieu of or superior to, our financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. The following
discussion includes references to constant-currency net sales, and we provide a reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure
29