COLUMBIA SPORTSWEAR COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS=(Continued)
established at the time of sale to cover estimated costs based on the Company's history of warranty repairs and replacements
and is recorded in cost of sales.
Selling, general and administrative expense:
SG&A expense consists of personnel-related costs, advertising, depreciation, occupancy, and other selling and general
operating expenses related to the Company's business functions, including planning, receiving finished goods, warehousing,
distribution, retail operations and information technology.
Shipping and handling costs:
Shipping and handling fees billed to customers and consumers are recorded as revenue. The direct costs associated
with shipping goods to customers and consumers are recorded as cost of sales. Inventory planning, receiving, storing and
handling costs are recorded as a component of SG&A expenses and were $65,757,000, $61,338,000 and $59,561,000 for
the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Stock-based compensation:
Stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award's fair value and is recognized as
expense over the requisite service period using the straight-line attribution method. The Company estimates stock-based
compensation for stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which requires various subjective
assumptions, including volatility and expected option life. Further, the Company estimates forfeitures for stock-based awards
granted which are not expected to vest. For restricted stock unit awards subject to performance conditions, the amount of
compensation expense recorded in a given period reﬂects the Company's assessment of the probability of achieving its
performance targets. If any of these inputs or assumptions changes significantly, stock-based compensation expense may
differ materially in the future from that recorded in the current period. Assumptions are evaluated and revised as necessary
to reﬂect changes in market conditions and the Company's experience. Estimates of fair value are not intended to predict
actual future events or the value ultimately realized by people who receive equity awards. The fair value of service-based
and performance-based restricted stock units is discounted by the present value of the estimated future stream of dividends
over the vesting period using the Black-Scholes model.
Advertising costs:
Advertising costs are expensed in the period incurred and are included in SG&A expenses. Total advertising expense,
including cooperative advertising costs, was $118,663,000, $120,764,000 and $110,109,000 for the years ended December
31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Through cooperative advertising programs, the Company reimburses its wholesale customers for some of their costs
of advertising the Company's products based on various criteria, including the value of purchases from the Company and
various advertising specifications. Cooperative advertising costs are included in expenses because the Company receives
an identifiable benefit in exchange for the cost, the advertising may be obtained from a party other than the customer, and
the fair value of the advertising benefit can be reasonably estimated. Cooperative advertising costs were $8,699,000,
$10,008,000 and $8,056,000 for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Recent accounting pronouncements:
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606, outlining a
single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers that
supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance. The updated guidance requires an entity to recognize revenue when
it transfers control of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reﬂects the consideration to which the
entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In addition, the new standard requires disclosure of
the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash ﬂows arising from contracts with customers. The Company
expects to adopt the standard on January 1, 2018. The new standard is required to be applied retrospectively to each prior
reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying it recognized at the date of
initial application. The Company plans to conclude upon its transition method during the first half of 2017, and is in the
53