Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
Columbia Sportswear Company
Portland, Oregon
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Columbia Sportswear Company and subsidiaries
(the "Company") as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive
income, equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016. Our audits also included
the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15. These financial statements and financial statement schedule
are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the ﬁnancial statements
and financial statement schedule based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
Columbia Sportswear Company and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 and the results of their operations and
their cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 3 1, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered
in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the
information set forth therein.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States), the Company's internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on the criteria established
in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission, and our report dated February 23, 2017, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control
over financial reporting.
/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
Portland, Oregon
February 23, 2017
43