COLUMBIA SPORTSWEAR COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS=(C0ntinued)
process of evaluating the new standard against its existing accounting policies, including principal and agent considerations,
timing of revenue recognition, and balance sheet classifications, to determine the effect the guidance will have on the
Consolidated Financial Statements.
In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825 -I 0) .° Recognition
and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities, an update to their accounting guidance related to the
recognition and measurement of certain financial instruments. This new standard requires equity investments that are not
accounted for under the equity method of accounting to be measured at fair value with changes recognized in net income
and also updates certain presentation and disclosure requirements. This standard is effective beginning in the first quarter
of 2018 with early adoption permitted. The adoption of ASU 2016-01 is not expected to have a material impact on the
Company's financial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
Effective January 1, 2016, the Company adopted ASU No. 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting (Topic 718). See Changes aﬂecting comparability under Note 1.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), in order to increase transparency and
comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for most leases
previously classiﬁed as operating leases. The new standard will become effective beginning with the first quarter of 2019
using a modified retrospective approach and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of this guidance, and expects the adoption will result in a material increase in the assets and liabilities on our consolidated
balance sheets and will likely have an insigniﬁcant impact on our consolidated statements of operations.
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) .° Measurement
of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The pronouncement changes the impairment model for most financial assets,
and will require the use of an "expected loss" model for instruments measured at amortized cost. Under this model, entities
will be required to estimate the lifetime expected credit loss on such instruments and record an allowance to offset the
amortized cost basis of the financial asset, resulting in a net presentation of the amount expected to be collected on the
financial asset. This standard is effective beginning in the first quarter of 2020. The adoption of ASU 20 16- 13 is not expected
to have a material impact on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfer ofAssets Other
than Inventory, which requires the recognition of the income tax effects of an intra-entity transfer of an asset, other than
inventory, when the transfer occurs, eliminating an exception under current GAAP in which the tax effects of intra-entity
asset transfers are deferred until the transferred asset is sold to a third party or otherwise recovered through use. Income tax
effects of intra-entity transfers of inventory will continue to be deferred until the inventory has been sold to a third party.
The Company expects to adopt this new guidance during the first quarter of 20 1 8, and anticipates it will result in increased
volatility in our effective income tax rate. The Company plans to apply the required modified retrospective approach with
a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings of previously deferred charges.
In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 3 5 0) : Simplifying the
T est for Goodwill Impairment, which simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairments by eliminating step two from the
goodwill impairment test. Under this new guidance, if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an
impairment charge shall be recognized in an amount equal to that excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated
to that reporting unit. The new standard will become eﬁective during the first quarter of 20 1 9, with early adoption permitted.
We are currently evaluating the impacts and expect the adoption of ASU 2017-04 to aﬁect the amount and timing of future
goodwill impairment charges, if any.
NOTE 3—CONCENTRATIONS
Trade receivables
The Company had one customer that accounted for approximately 15.9% of consolidated accounts receivable at
December 31, 2016. No single customer accounted for 10% or more of consolidated accounts receivable at December 31,
2015. No single customer accounted for 10% or more of consolidated revenues for any of the years ended December 31,
2016, 2015 or 2014.
Derivatives
54