shifts in consumer preferences by developing new products with innovative performance features and designs, creating
persuasive and memorable marketing communications to generate consumer awareness, demand and retention, and adjusting
the mix and price points of available product offerings. Failure to anticipate or respond to consumer needs and preferences
in a timely and adequate manner could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability.
Our business is subject to many risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows. Some of these risks and uncertainties are described below under Item 1A,
Risk Factors.
Seasonality and Variability of Business
Our business is affected by the general seasonal trends common to the industry, including seasonal weather and
discretionary consumer shopping and spending patterns. Our products are marketed on a seasonal basis and our sales are
weighted substantially toward the third and fourth quarters, while our operating costs are more equally distributed throughout
the year. In 2016, approximately 60% of our net sales and approximately 90% of our net income were realized in the second
half of the year, illustrating our dependence upon sales results in the second half of the year, as well as the less seasonal
nature of our operating costs. The expansion of our direct-to-consumer channels has increased the proportion of sales, profits
and cash ﬂows that we generate in the second half of the year.
Results of operations in any period should not be considered indicative of the results to be expected for any future
period, particularly in light of persistent volatility in global economic and geopolitical conditions and volatility of foreign
currency exchange rates, which, when combined with seasonal weather patterns, disruptions in wholesale channels of
distribution, changes in consumer purchasing behavior, and inﬂationary or volatile input costs, reduce the predictability of
our business.
For further discussion regarding the effects of the macro-economic environment on our business, see Part II, Item 7,
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Products
We provide high quality apparel, footwear, accessories, and equipment for use in a wide range of outdoor and active
lifestyle activities by all consumers. A large percentage of our products are also worn for casual or leisure purposes. The
durability and functionality of our Columbia brand and Mountain Hardwear brand products make them ideal for a wide
range of outdoor and active lifestyle activities, serving a broad range of consumers, including elite skiers and mountain
climbers, outdoor enthusiasts, hunting and fishing enthusiasts, top endurance trail runners, and outdoor-inspired consumers.
Our prAna brand apparel products focus on consumers whose active lifestyles include activities such as rock climbing, yoga
and outdoor watersports, and our SOREL brand offers consumers premium, durable and functional products, with an
increased focus on fashion footwear.
We develop and manage our merchandise in two principal categories: (1) apparel, accessories and equipment and (2)
footwear. The following table presents the net sales and approximate percentages of net sales attributable to each of our
principal product categories for each of the last three years ended December 31 (dollars in millions).
2016 2015 2014
7 Net Sales % of Sales 7 7 Net Sales % of Sales 7 7 Net Sales % of Sales 7
lApparel, accessories and equipment . . . $ 1,865.4 78.5% $ 1,821.2 78.3% $ 1,676.2 79.8%}
Footwear 511.6 21.5 505.0 21.7 424.4 20.2
1 Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. $ 2,377.0 100.0% 33 2,326.2 100.0% 55 2,100.6 100.0%}
Apparel, accessories and equipment
We design, develop, market, and distribute apparel, accessories and equipment for men and women under our Columbia,
Mountain Hardwear, SOREL, and prAna brands, and for youth under our Columbia and Mountain Hardwear brands. Our
products incorporate the cumulative design, fabrication, fit, and construction technologies that we have pioneered over
several decades and that we continue to innovate. Our apparel, accessories and equipment are designed to be used during
3