COLUMBIA SPORTSWEAR COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS=(C0ntinued)
estimated useful lives and are measured for impairment only when events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may
be impaired.
Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill:
The Company reviews and tests its intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and goodwill for impairment in the
fourth quarter of each year and when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets
may be impaired. The Company's intangible assets with indefinite lives consist of trademarks and trade names. Substantially
all of the Company's goodwill is recorded in the United States segment and impairment testing for goodwill is performed
at the reporting unit level. In the impairment test for goodwill, the two-step process ﬁrst compares the estimated fair value
of the reporting unit with the carrying amount of that reporting unit. The Company estimates the fair value of its reporting
units using a combination of discounted cash ﬂow analysis, comparisons with the market values of similar publicly traded
companies and other operating performance based valuation methods, as necessary. If step one indicates impairment, step
two compares the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to the estimated fair value of all reporting unit assets and liabilities,
except goodwill, to determine the implied fair value of goodwill. The Company calculates impairment as the excess of
carrying amount of goodwill over the implied fair value of goodwill. In the impairment tests for trademarks and trade names,
the Company compares the estimated fair value of each asset to its carrying amount. The fair values of trademarks and trade
names are generally estimated using a relief from royalty method under the income approach. If the carrying amount of a
trademark or trade name exceeds its estimated fair value, the Company calculates impairment as the excess of carrying
amount over the estimate of fair value.
If events or circumstances indicate the carrying value of intangible assets with finite lives may be impaired, the
Company estimates the future undiscounted cash ﬂows to be derived from the asset or asset group to determine whether a
potential impairment exists. If the sum of the estimated undiscounted cash ﬂows is less than the carrying value of the asset
the Company recognizes an impairment loss, measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the estimated
fair value of the asset. Our 2016 impairment tests of goodwill and intangible assets with indeﬁnite lives indicated that all
reporting units and intangible assets with indefinite lives exceeded their respective carrying values by more than 20%, with
the exception of goodwill for the Mountain Hardwear reporting unit. In the first step of the Mountain Hardwear goodwill
impairment analysis, the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by approximately 13%, and
as such the reporting unit’s goodwill balance of $12.2 million was not impaired.
Impairment charges, if any, are classified as a component of SG&A expense. The impairment tests and related fair
value estimates are based on a number of factors, including assumptions and estimates for projected sales, income, cash
ﬂows, discount rates, remaining useful lives, and other operating performance measures. Changes in estimates or the
application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. These assumptions and estimates may
change in the future due to changes in economic conditions, changes in the Company's ability to meet sales and profitability
objectives or changes in the Company's business operations or strategic direction.
Income taxes:
Income taxes are provided on financial statement earnings for financial reporting purposes. Income taxes are based
on amounts of taxes payable or refundable in the current year and on expected future tax consequences of events that are
recognized in the financial statements in diﬁerent periods than they are recognized in tax returns. As a result of timing of
recognition and measurement differences between financial accounting standards and income tax laws, temporary differences
arise between amounts of pre-tax financial statement income and taxable income and between reported amounts of assets
and liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and their respective tax bases. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets reﬂect estimated future tax effects attributable to these temporary differences
and to net operating loss and net capital loss carryforwards, based on tax rates expected to be in effect for years in which
the differences are expected to be settled or realized. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on future taxable income
in specific jurisdictions. Valuation allowances are used to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts considered likely to be
realized. U.S. deferred income taxes are not provided on undistributed income of foreign subsidiaries, where such earnings
are considered to be indefinitely invested, or to the extent such recognition would result in a deferred tax asset.
51