of goods it produces for us, disrupt the manufacturer's ability to purchase the necessary raw materials on a timely basis or
disrupt the manufacturer's ability to function as an ongoing business.
Primarily for each of the reasons described above, currency ﬂuctuations and disruptions in currency exchange markets
may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
Our Orders from Customers Are Subject to Cancellation
We do not have long-term contracts with any of our wholesale customers. We do have contracts with our independent
international distributors; however, although these contracts may have annual purchase minimums which must be met in
order to retain distribution rights, the distributors are not otherwise obligated to purchase product. Sales to our wholesale
customers and distributors are generally on an order-by-order basis and are subject to rights of cancellation and rescheduling.
We consider the timing of delivery dates in our wholesale customer orders when we forecast our sales and earnings for
future periods. If any of our major customers, including distributors, experience a significant downturn in business or fail
to remain committed to our products or brands, these customers could postpone, reduce, cancel, or discontinue purchases
from us. As a result, we could experience a decline in sales or gross profit, write-downs of excess inventory, increased
discounts, extended credit terms to our customers, or uncollectable accounts receivable, which could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
We May Not Realize Returns on Our Investments in Our Direct-to-Consumer Businesses
In recent years, our direct-to-consumer businesses have grown substantially and we anticipate further growth in the
future. Accordingly, we continue to make signiﬁcant investments in our online platforms and physical retail locations,
including system upgrades, entering into long-term store leases, constructing leasehold improvements, purchasing fixtures
and equipment, and investing in inventory and personnel. Since many of the costs of our direct-to-consumer businesses are
fixed, if we have insufficient sales, we may be unable to reduce expenses in order to avoid losses or negative cash ﬂows.
Our direct-to-consumer businesses are dependent upon our ability to operate in an increasingly complex and evolving
environment and these businesses' results are highly dependent on retail traffic patterns in our physical locations and our
on-line platforms where our products are sold, as well as the spending patterns of our consumers. If we are unable to
effectively navigate the direct-to-consumer environment or anticipate consumer buying patterns, our ability to generate
sales through our direct-to-consumer businesses may be adversely impacted, which in turn could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
Labor costs and labor-related benefits are primary components in the cost of our retail operations and are aﬁected by
various federal, state and foreign laws governing matters such as minimum wage rates, overtime compensation and other
requirements. For example, we have seen signiﬁcant political pressure and legislative actions to increase the minimum wage
rate in many of the jurisdictions within which our stores are located. If we are unable to operate profitable stores or if we
close stores, we may experience significant reductions in sales and income or incur significant write-downs of inventory,
severance costs, lease termination costs, impairment losses on long-lived assets, or loss of working capital, which could
have a material adverse eﬁect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
In addition, from time to time we license the right to operate retail stores for our brands to third parties, primarily to
our independent international distributors. We provide training to support these stores and set operational standards. However,
these third parties may not operate the stores in a manner consistent with our standards, which could cause reputational
damage to our brands or harm the third parties' sales and as a result harm our results of operations.
Our Results of Operations Could Be Materially Harmed If We Are Unable to Accurately Match Supply Forecast
with Consumer Demand for Our Products
Many factors may significantly affect demand for our products, including, among other things, economic conditions,
fashion trends, the financial condition of our independent international distributors and wholesale customers, consumer and
customer preferences, and weather, making it diﬁicult to accurately forecast demand for our products and our future results
of operations. To minimize our purchasing costs, the time necessary to fill customer orders and the risk of non-delivery, we
place a significant amount oforders for our products with contract manufacturers prior to receiving orders from our customers,
and we maintain an inventory of various products that we anticipate will be in greatest demand. In addition, customers are
generally allowed to cancel orders prior to shipment.
Factors that could affect our ability to accurately forecast demand for our products include:
15