COLUMBIA SPORTSWEAR COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS=(Continued)
Accrued income taxes in the Consolidated Balance Sheets include unrecognized income tax benefits relating to
uncertain tax positions, including related interest and penalties, appropriately classified as current or noncurrent. The
Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be
sustained on examination by the relevant taxing authority based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits
recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater
than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. In making this determination,
the Company assumes that the taxing authority will examine the position and that it will have full knowledge of all relevant
information. The provision for income taxes also includes estimates of interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions.
Derivatives:
The effective portion of changes in fair values of outstanding cash ﬂow hedges is recorded in other comprehensive
income until earnings are affected by the hedged transaction, and any ineffective portion is included in current income. In
most cases amounts recorded in other comprehensive income will be released to earnings after maturity of the related
derivative. The Consolidated Statements of Operations classification of effective hedge results is the same as that of the
underlying exposure. Results of hedges of product costs are recorded in cost of sales when the underlying hedged transactions
affect earnings. Results of hedges of revenue are recorded in net sales when the underlying hedged transactions affect
earnings. Unrealized derivative gains and losses, which are recorded in assets and liabilities, respectively, are non-cash
items and therefore are taken into account in the preparation of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows based on their
respective balance sheet classifications. See Note 19 for more information on derivatives and risk management.
Foreign currency translation:
The assets and liabilities of the Company's foreign subsidiaries have been translated into U. S. dollars using the exchange
rates in effect at period end, and the net sales and expenses have been translated into US. dollars using average exchange
rates in effect during the period. The foreign currency translation adjustments are included as a separate component of
accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders' equity and are not currently adjusted for income taxes when they
relate to indefinite net investments in non-US. operations.
Revenue recognition:
The Company records wholesale, distributor, e-commerce and licensed product revenues when title passes and the
risks and rewards of ownership have passed to the customer. Title generally passes upon shipment to, or upon receipt by,
the customer depending on the terms of sale with the customer. Retail store revenues are recorded at the time of sale. Revenue
is recorded net of sales taxes, value added taxes or similar taxes which are collected on behalf of local taxing authorities.
Where title passes upon receipt by the customer, predominantly in the Company's European wholesale business, Japan
and in certain of our e-commerce operations, precise information regarding the date of receipt by the customer is not readily
available. In these cases, the Company estimates the date of receipt by the customer based on historical and expected delivery
times by geographic location. The Company periodically tests the accuracy of these estimates based on actual transactions.
Delivery times vary by geographic location, generally from one to seven days. To date, the Company has found these
estimates to be materially accurate.
At the time of revenue recognition, the Company also provides for estimated sales returns and miscellaneous claims
from customers as reductions to revenues. The estimates are based on historical rates of product returns and claims as well
as events and circumstances that indicate changes to historical rates of returns and claims. However, actual returns and
claims in any future period are inherently uncertain and thus may differ from the estimates. If actual or expected future
returns and claims are significantly greater or lower than the reserves that have been established, the Company would record
a reduction or increase to net revenues in the period in which it made such determination.
Cost of sales:
The expenses that are included in cost of sales include all direct product costs related to shipping, duties and importation.
Specific provisions for excess, close-out or slow moving inventory are also included in cost of sales. In addition, some of
the Company's products carry limited warranty provisions for defects in quality and workmanship. A warranty reserve is
52