We May Be Adversely Affected by Currency Exchange Rate Fluctuations
We derive a significant portion of our net sales from markets outside the United States, comprised of sales to wholesale
customers and directly to consumers by our consolidated subsidiaries in Europe, Korea, Japan, and Canada, and our China
joint venture, and sales to independent international distributors who operate within the EMEA and LAAP regions. Sales
and related operational expenses of our foreign subsidiaries and China joint venture, as well as their respective assets and
liabilities, are denominated in currencies other than the US. dollar and translated into US. dollars for periodic reporting
purposes using the exchange rates in effect during each period. If the US. dollar strengthens against the foreign subsidiary's
functional currency, translated revenues and expenses will decline on a relative basis.
The majority of our purchases of finished goods inventory from contract manufacturers are denominated in US.
dollars, including purchases by our foreign subsidiaries and China joint venture. The cost of these products may be affected
by relative changes in the value of the local currencies of these subsidiaries and the joint venture in relation to the US.
dollar and in relation to the local currencies of our manufacturing vendors. In order to facilitate solicitation of advance
orders from wholesale customers and distributors for the spring and fall seasons, we establish local-currency-denominated
wholesale and retail price lists in each of our foreign subsidiaries approximately six to nine months prior to US. dollar-
denominated seasonal inventory purchases. As a result, our consolidated results are directly exposed to transactional foreign
currency exchange risk to the extent that the US. dollar strengthens during the six to nine months between when we establish
seasonal local-currency prices and when we purchase inventory.
We employ several tactics in an effort to mitigate this transactional currency risk, including the use of currency forward
and option contracts. We may also implement local-currency wholesale and retail price increases in our subsidiary and joint
venture markets in an effort to mitigate the eﬁects of currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations on inventory costs. There is no
assurance that our use of currency forward and option contracts and implementation of price increases, in combination with
other tactics, will succeed in fully mitigating the negative effects of adverse foreign currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations on
the cost of our finished goods in a given period or that price increases will be accepted by our wholesale customers,
distributors, or consumers. Our gross margins are adversely affected whenever we are not able to offset the full extent of
finished goods cost increases caused by adverse ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
Because the functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries and China joint venture are not the US. dollar, we are
also exposed to potential material gains or losses from the remeasurement of US. dollar monetary transactions into the
respective functional currencies of those entities. In an effort to mitigate this risk, we use foreign currency forward contracts
to hedge net balance sheet exposures related primarily to our foreign subsidiaries' and joint venture's non-functional currency
denominated monetary assets and liabilities. These consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments,
payables, and intercompany loans for subsidiaries that use European euros, Swiss francs, Canadian dollars, Japanese yen,
Korean won, or Chinese renminbi as their functional currency.
In addition to the direct currency exchange rate exposures described above, our business is indirectly exposed to
currency exchange rate risks. For example, all of the EMEA and LAAP distributors to whom we sell purchase their inventory
from us in U. S. dollars. Weakening of a distributor's functional currency relative to the US. dollar makes it more expensive
for it to purchase finished goods inventory from us. In order to make those purchases and pay us on a timely basis, our
distributors must exchange sufficient quantities of their functional currency for US. dollars through the financial markets.
Some of our distributors have experienced periods during which they have been unable to obtain US. dollars in suﬂicient
amounts to complete their purchase of finished goods inventory or to pay amounts owed for past purchases. Although each
distributor bears the full risk of ﬂuctuations in the value of its currency against the US. dollar, our business can be indirectly
affected when adverse ﬂuctuations cause a distributor to cancel portions of prior advance orders or significantly reduce its
future purchases or both. In addition, price increases that our distributors implement in an effort to offset higher product
costs may make our products less price-competitive in those markets and reduce consumer demand for our products. For
example, economic turmoil has significantly devalued the Russian ruble, causing the US. dollar-denominated inventory
purchased by our Russian distributor to be more expensive, resulting in reduced advance orders with us and leading the
distributor to implement local-currency retail price increases in an effort to mitigate the effects of the weaker ruble.
Currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations may also create indirect risk to our business by disrupting the business of
independent ﬁnished goods manufacturers from which we purchase our products. When their functional currencies weaken
in relation to other currencies, the raw materials they purchase on global commodities markets become more expensive and
more difficult to finance. Although each manufacturer bears the full risk of ﬂuctuations in the value of its currency against
other currencies, our business can be indirectly affected when adverse ﬂuctuations cause a manufacturer to raise the prices
14