a wide variety of outdoor activities, such as skiing, snowboarding, hiking, climbing, mountaineering, camping, hunting,
fishing, trail running, water sports, yoga, and adventure travel.
Footwear
We design, develop, market, and distribute footwear products for men, women and youth under our Columbia and
SOREL brands. Our footwear products include durable, lightweight hiking boots, trail running shoes, rugged cold weather
boots for activities on snow and ice, sandals for use in amphibious activities, and casual shoes for everyday use. Our Columbia
brand footwear products seek to address the needs of outdoor consumers who participate in activities that typically involve
challenging or unusual terrain in a variety of weather and trail conditions. Our SOREL brand products offer premium casual
and cold weather footwear for all ages and genders, with a focus on young, fashion-conscious female consumers.
Product Design and Innovation
We are committed to designing innovative and functional products for consumers who participate in a wide range of
outdoor activities, enabling them to enjoy those activities longer and in greater comfort by keeping them warm or cool, dry
and protected. We also place significant value on product design and fit (the overall appearance and image of our products)
that, along with technical performance features, distinguish our products in the marketplace.
Our research and development efforts are led by an internal team of specialists who work closely with independent
suppliers to conceive, develop and commercialize innovative technologies and products that provide the unique performance
benefits desired by consumers during outdoor activities. We have also established working relationships with specialists in
the fields of chemistry, biochemistry, engineering, industrial design, materials research, and graphic design, and in other
related fields. We utilize these relationships, along with consumer feedback, to develop and test innovative performance
products, processes, packaging, and displays. We believe that these efforts, coupled with our technical innovation efforts,
represent key factors in the past and future success of our products.
Intellectual Property
We own many trademarks, including Columbia Sportswear Company®, Columbia®, SOREL®, Mountain Hard Wear®,
prAna®, Montrail®, OutDry®, Pacific Trail®, the Columbia diamond shaped logo, the Mountain Hardwear nut logo, the
SOREL polar bear logo, and the prAna sitting pose logo, as well as many other trademarks relating to our brands, products,
styles, and technologies. We believe that our trademarks are an important factor in creating a market for our products, in
identifying our Company, and in differentiating our products from competitors' products. We have design, process and utility
patents as well as pending patent applications in the United States and other countries. We file applications for United States
and foreign patents for inventions, designs and improvements that we believe have commercial value; however, these patents
may or may not ultimately be issued, enforceable or used in our business. We believe our success primarily depends on our
ability to continue oﬁering innovative solutions to match consumer needs through design, research, development, and
production advancements rather than our ability to secure patents. The technologies, processes and designs described in our
patents are incorporated into many of our most important products and expire at various times. We vigorously protect these
proprietary rights against counterfeit reproductions and other infringing activities. Additionally, we license some of our
trademarks across a range of apparel, footwear, accessories, equipment, and home products.
Sales and Distribution
We sell our products through a mix of wholesale distribution channels, our own direct-to-consumer channels,
independent international distributors, and licensees. The majority of our sales are generated through wholesale channels,
which include small, independently operated specialty outdoor and sporting goods stores, regional, national and international
sporting goods chains, large regional, national and international department store chains and, internet retailers. We sell our
products to distributors in various countries where we generally do not have direct sales and marketing operations. We also
sell a wide range of apparel, footwear, accessories, equipment, and home products through licensing arrangements with
third party manufacturers. In addition, we market Columbia brand apparel and accessories under licensing arrangements
with various collegiate and professional sports organizations and entertainment companies.
We also sell our products directly to consumers in each of our geographic segments through our own network of
branded and outlet retail stores and online. In addition, we have concession-based arrangements with third-parties at branded,
outlet and shop-in—shop retail locations in our Latin America, Europe and Asia Pacific regions, where the Company retains
4