Item 7. MANA GEMEN T 'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS
This annual report, including Item 1 of Part I and Item 7 of Part II, contains forward-looking statements. Forward-
looking statements include any statements related to our expectations regarding future performance or market position,
including any statements regarding anticipated sales, gross margins and operating margins across markets, profitability and
the effect of specified factors on profitability for 2017, expenses, sourcing costs, effects of unseasonable weather on our
results of operations, inventory levels, investments in our business, investments in and implementation of our information
technology systems, intellectual property disputes, our direct-to-consumer channels and other capital expenditures, including
planned store additions, access to raw materials and factory capacity, financing and working capital requirements and
resources, income tax rates and pre-tax income, our exposure to market risk associated with interest rates and foreign
currency exchange rates, as well as statements regarding the effect of and costs associated with the potential cyber security
incident involving our e-commerce website, prAna.com.
These forward-looking statements, and others we make from time to time, are subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties. Many factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements,
including the risks described above in Item 1A, Risk Factors. We do not undertake any duty either to update forward-looking
statements after the date they are made or to conform them to actual results or to changes in circumstances or expectations.
Our Business
As one of the largest outdoor and active lifestyle apparel and footwear companies in the world, we design, source,
market and distribute outdoor and active lifestyle apparel, footwear, accessories and equipment primarily under the Columbia,
Mountain Hardwear, SOREL, and prAna brands. Our products are sold through a mix of wholesale distribution channels,
our own direct-to-consumer channels and independent international distributors. In addition, we license some of our
trademarks across a range of apparel, footwear, accessories and equipment.
The popularity of outdoor activities, changing design trends, consumer adoption of innovative performance
technologies, variations in seasonal weather, and the availability and desirability of competitor alternatives affect consumer
desire for our products. Therefore, we seek to drive, anticipate and respond to trends and shifts in consumer preferences by
adjusting our product offerings, developing new products with innovative performance features and designs and creating
persuasive and memorable marketing communications to generate consumer awareness, demand and retention. Failure to
anticipate or respond to consumer needs and preferences in a timely and adequate manner could have a material adverse
effect on our sales and profitability.
In February 2017, we reported the discovery of a cyber security incident involving our prAna.com e-commerce website.
We are in the process of determining the nature and extent of this cyber security incident. See Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for further disclosure regarding this incident.
Seasonality and Variability of Business
Our business is affected by the general seasonal trends common to the industry, including seasonal weather and
discretionary consumer shopping and spending patterns. Our products are marketed on a seasonal basis and our sales are
weighted substantially toward the third and fourth quarters, while our operating costs are more equally distributed throughout
the year. In 2016, approximately 60% of our net sales and approximately 90% of our profitability was realized in the second
half of the year, illustrating our dependence upon sales results in the second half of the year, as well as the less seasonal
nature of our operating costs. The expansion of our direct-to-consumer channels has increased the proportion of sales, proﬁts
and cash ﬂows that we generate in the second half of the year.
We generally solicit orders from wholesale customers and independent international distributors for the fall and spring
seasons based on seasonal ordering deadlines that we establish to aid our efforts to plan manufacturing volumes to meet
demand. We typically ship the majority of our advance spring season orders to customers beginning in January and continuing
through June. Similarly, we typically ship the majority of our advance fall season orders to customers beginning in July and
continuing through December. Generally, orders are subject to cancellation prior to the date of shipment.
Results of operations in any period should not be considered indicative of the results to be expected for any future
period, particularly in light of persistent volatility in global economic and geopolitical conditions and volatility of foreign
28