denominated monetary assets and liabilities using foreign currency forward contracts in euros, yen, Canadian dollars, and
Swiss francs. Non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities consist primarily of cash and cash
equivalents, short-term investments, payables, and intercompany loans.
The net fair value of our derivative contracts was favorable by approximately $12.8 million at December 31, 2016.
A 10% unfavorable exchange rate change in the euro, franc, Canadian dollar, yen, and renminbi against the US. dollar
would have resulted in the net fair value declining by approximately $27.1 million at December 31, 2016. Changes in fair
value resulting from foreign exchange rate ﬂuctuations would be substantially offset by the change in value of the underlying
hedged transactions.
Our negotiated credit facilities generally charge interest based on a benchmark rate such as the London Interbank
Offered Rate ("LIBOR"). Fluctuations in short-term interest rates cause interest payments on drawn amounts to increase
or decrease. At December 31, 2016, no balance was outstanding under our credit facilities.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated
financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make various estimates and assumptions that
affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. We believe
that the estimates and assumptions involved in the accounting policies described below have the greatest potential impact
on our financial statements, so we consider these to be our critical accounting policies and estimates. Because of the
uncertainty inherent in these matters, actual results may differ from the estimates we use in applying these critical accounting
policies. We base our ongoing estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be
important in the circumstances. Many of these critical accounting policies affect working capital account balances, including
the policy for revenue recognition, the allowance for doubtful accounts, the provision for potential excess, closeout and
slow moving inventory, product warranty, income taxes, and stock-based compensation.
Management regularly discusses with our Audit Committee each of our critical accounting estimates, the development
and selection of these accounting estimates, and the disclosure about each estimate in Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. These discussions typically occur at our quarterly Audit Committee
meetings and include the basis and methodology used in developing and selecting these estimates, the trends in and amounts
of these estimates, specific matters affecting the amount of and changes in these estimates, and any other relevant matters
related to these estimates, including significant issues concerning accounting principles and financial statement presentation.
Revenue Recognition
We record wholesale, distributor, e-commerce and licensed product revenues when title passes and the risks and
rewards of ownership have passed to the customer. Title generally passes upon shipment to or upon receipt by the customer
depending on the applicable terms of sale with the customer. Retail store revenues are recorded at the time of sale. Revenue
is recorded net of sales taxes, value added taxes or similar taxes, which are collected on behalf of local taxing authorities.
Where title passes upon receipt by the customer, predominantly in our European wholesale business, Japan and in
certain of our e-commerce operations, precise information regarding the date of receipt by the customer is not readily
available. In these cases, we estimate the date of receipt by the customer based on historical and expected delivery times
by geographic location. We periodically test the accuracy of these estimates based on actual transactions. Delivery times
vary by geographic location, generally from one to seven days. To date, we have found these estimates to be materially
accurate.
At the time of revenue recognition, we also provide for estimated sales returns and miscellaneous claims from customers
as reductions to revenues. The estimates are based on historical rates of product returns and claims, as well as events and
circumstances that indicate changes to historical rates of returns and claims. However, actual returns and claims in any
future period are inherently uncertain and thus may differ from the estimates. If actual or expected future returns and claims
are significantly greater or lower than the reserves that we have established, we will record a reduction or increase to net
revenues in the period in which we make such a determination.
38