Our legacy ERP, product development, retail point-of-sale and other systems, on which we continue to manage a
substantial portion of our business activities, are highly customized. As a result, the availability of internal and external
resources with the expertise to maintain these systems is limited. Our legacy systems may not support desired functionality
for our operations and may inhibit our ability to operate efficiently, which could have an adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows. As we transition from our legacy ERP and supporting systems to our new
ERP and supporting systems, certain functionality and information from our legacy systems, including that of third party
systems that interface with our legacy systems, may not be fully compatible with the new systems. As a result, temporary
processes or solutions may be required, including manual operations, which could significantly increase the risk of loss or
corruption of data and information used by the business or result in business disruptions, which could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
A Breach in the Security of Our Systems, or the Privacy and Security of Company, Customer, Supplier or Employee
Information, Could Disrupt Our Operations, Damage Our Reputation or Cause Us to Incur Substantial Costs
We manage and store various types of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our business,
including sensitive and personally identifiable information. Our information systems are vulnerable to an increasing threat
of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our systems or information
through fraud or other means of deceiving our employees or third party service providers. Hardware, software or applications
we develop or obtain from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could
unexpectedly compromise information security. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service,
or sabotage systems are also constantly changing and evolving, and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods
of time. We have implemented and regularly review and update processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized
access to or use of secured data and to prevent data loss. However, the ever-evolving threats mean we must continually
evaluate and adapt our systems and processes, and there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all
data security breaches or misuses of data.
In February 2017, we reported the discovery of a cyber security incident involving our prAna.com e-commerce website.
See Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further disclosure of this incident. The Company is actively
investigating the nature and scope of the incident, including to what extent customer information may have been
compromised. It is reasonably possible that the Company may incur losses in connection with the incident; however, the
Company is still in the early stages of the investigation and at this time the Company is unable to reasonably estimate the
amount of any losses or the amount of expenses, net of any potential insurance recovery, it may incur in addressing this
incident. In addition, we may be required to respond to governmental inquiries and could be subject to litigation relating to
the cyber security incident. Such investigations and claims could divert the attention of management from the operation of
our business, result in reputational damage and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations or cash ﬂows.
In addition, any future breaches of our security measures, or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved
dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us, our customers, our suppliers, or our
employees, could expose us, our customers, our suppliers, our employees, or other individuals that may be affected to a
risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our reputation, or otherwise
harm our business and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
In addition, as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use and privacy becomes
increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, compliance with those
requirements could also result in additional costs.
We Depend on Contract Manufacturers
Our products are manufactured by contract manufacturers worldwide. Although we enter into purchase order
commitments with these contract manufacturers each season, we generally do not maintain long-term manufacturing
commitments with them. Without long-term or reserve commitments, there is no assurance that we will be able to secure
adequate or timely production capacity or favorable pricing if growth or product demand differs from our forecasts. Contract
manufacturers may fail to perform as expected or our competitors may obtain production capacities that effectively limit
or eliminate the availability of these resources to us. If a contract manufacturer fails to ship orders in a timely manner or to
meet our standards or if we are unable to obtain necessary capacities, this could cause supply disruptions that would hinder
our ability to satisfy customer demand through our direct-to-consumer businesses and we may miss delivery deadlines or
11