To implement our business strategies, we must continue to modify and fund various aspects of our business, to maintain
and enhance our information systems and supply chain operations to improve efficiencies and to attract, retain and manage
qualiﬁed personnel. These efforts, coupled with cost containment measures, place increasing strain on management,
information technology, financial, product design, marketing, distribution, supply chain, and other resources, and we may
have operating difficulties as a result. For example, in support of our strategic initiatives, we are making significant
investments in our business processes and information technology infrastructure that require significant management
attention and corporate resources. These changes may make it increasingly difficult to pursue acquisitions or to adapt our
information technology systems and business processes to integrate an acquired business. These integration challenges may
also be present as we continue to fully integrate operations of our joint venture business in China, which began operations
in January 2014, and of prAna, which we acquired in May 2014. These business initiatives involve many risks and
uncertainties that, if not managed effectively, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
operations or cash ﬂows.
Our business strategies and related increased expenditures could also cause our operating margin to decline if we are
unable to offset our increased spending with increased sales or gross profit or comparable reductions in other operating
costs. If our sales or gross profit decline or fail to grow as planned and we fail to sufficiently leverage our operating expenses,
our profitability will decline. This could result in a decision to delay, reduce, modify, or terminate our strategic business
initiatives, which could limit our ability to invest in and grow our business and could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
Initiatives to Upgrade Our Business Processes and Information Technology Infrastructure Involve Many Risks Which
Could Result In, Among Other Things, Business Interruptions and Higher Costs
We regularly implement business process improvement initiatives to optimize our performance. Our current business
process initiatives include plans to improve business results through standardization of business processes and technologies
that support our supply chain and go-to-market strategies through on—going implementation of and upgrades to integrated
global enterprise resource planning ("ERP") software solutions and other complementary information technology systems
over the next several years. Implementation of and upgrades to these solutions and systems are highly dependent on
coordination of numerous employees, contractors and software and system providers. The interdependence of these solutions
and systems is a significant risk to the successful completion of the initiatives, and the failure of any one contractor or
system could have a material adverse effect on the implementation of our overall information technology infrastructure.
We may experience difficulties as we transition to these new or upgraded systems and processes, including loss or corruption
of data, delayed shipments, decreases in productivity as our personnel implement and become familiar with new systems,
increased costs, and lost revenues. In addition, transitioning to these new or upgraded systems requires significant capital
investments and personnel resources. Difficulties in implementing new or upgraded information systems or significant
system failures, including system outages and loss of system availability, could disrupt our operations and have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
Implementation of this information technology infrastructure has a pervasive effect on our business processes and
information systems across a significant portion of our operations. As a result, we are undergoing significant changes in
our operational processes and internal controls as our implementation progresses, which in turn require significant change
management, including training of and testing by our personnel. If we are unable to successfully manage these changes as
we implement these systems, including harmonizing our systems, data, processes and reporting analytics, our ability to
conduct, manage and control routine business functions could be negatively affected and significant disruptions to our
business could occur. In addition, we could incur material unanticipated expenses, including additional costs of
implementation or costs of conducting business. These risks could result in significant business disruptions or divert
management's attention from key strategic initiatives and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results
of operations or cash ﬂows.
We Rely on Our Highly Customized Information Management Systems
Our business is increasingly reliant on information technology. Information systems are used across our supply chain
and retail operations, from design to distribution and sales, and are used as a method of communication among employees,
with our subsidiaries and liaison offices overseas and with our customers and retail stores. We also rely on our information
systems to allocate resources, pay vendors and collect from customers, manage product data, develop demand and supply
plans, forecast and report operating results, and meet regulatory requirements.
10