other key markets. Some of our large wholesale customers also market competitive apparel, footwear, accessories, and
equipment under their own private label brand names. In addition, our direct-to-consumer businesses expose us to branded
competitors and wholesale customers who operate retail stores in key markets and who sell competitive products online.
Our independent international distributors and licensees also operate in very competitive markets against a variety of local
and global brands.
In addition to competing for end-consumer and wholesale market share, we also compete for manufacturing capacity
of independent factory groups, primarily in Asia, for retail store locations in key markets and for experienced management,
staﬁ and suppliers to lead, operate and support our global business processes. Each of these areas of competition requires
distinct operational and relational capabilities and expertise in order to create and maintain long-term competitive advantages.
Government Regulation
Many of our international shipments are subject to existing or potential governmental tariff and non-tariff barriers to
trade, such as import duties and potential safeguard measures that may limit the quantity of various types of goods that may
be imported into the United States and other countries. These trade barriers often represent a material portion of the cost to
manufacture and import our products. Our products are also subject to domestic and foreign product safety and environmental
standards, laws and other regulations, which are increasingly restrictive and complex. As we strive to achieve technical
innovations, we face a greater risk of compliance issues with regulations applicable to products with complex technical
features. Although we diligently monitor these standards and restrictions, a state, federal or foreign government may impose
new or adjusted quotas, duties, safety requirements, material restrictions, or other restrictions or regulations, any of which
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
Employees
At December 31, 2016, we had 6,023 full-time equivalent employees.
Available Information
We file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") our annual report on Form lO-K, quarterly reports on
Form lO-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, proxy statements, and registration statements.
You may read and copy any material we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE,
Washington, DC. 20549. You may also obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the
SEC at l-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains an internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy
and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including us, that file electronically. We make available
free of charge on or through our website at www.columbiacom our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form
lO-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we file these materials with the SEC.
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS
In addition to the other information contained in this Form lO-K, the following risk factors should be considered
carefully in evaluating our business. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash ﬂows may be materially
adversely affected by these and other risks. Please note that additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently
deem immaterial may also impair our business and operations.
We Face Many Challenges Executing Growth Strategies
Our business strategies aim to achieve sustainable, profitable growth by creating innovative products at competitive
prices, focusing on product design, utilizing innovations to differentiate our brands from competitors, working to ensure
that our products are sold through strong distribution partners capable of effectively presenting our brands to consumers,
increasing the impact of consumer communications to drive demand for our brands and sell-through of our products, making
sure our products are merchandised and displayed appropriately in retail environments, expanding our presence in key
markets around the world, and continuing to build brand enhancing direct-to-consumer businesses. We intend to pursue
these strategies across our portfolio of brands, product categories and geographic markets. Our failure to implement our
business strategies successfully could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash
ﬂows.
9