COLUMBIA SPORTSWEAR COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE l—BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND ORGANIZATION
Nature of the business:
Columbia Sportswear Company is a global leader in the design, sourcing, marketing, and distribution of outdoor and
active lifestyle apparel, footwear, accessories, and equipment.
Principles of consolidation:
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Columbia Sportswear Company, its wholly owned
subsidiaries and entities in which it maintains a controlling financial interest (the "Company"). All intercompany balances
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Estimates and assumptions:
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (US. GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that aﬁect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from these estimates
and assumptions. Some of these more significant estimates relate to revenue recognition, including sales returns and claims
from customers, allowance for doubtful accounts, excess, slow-moving and close-out inventories, product warranty, long-
lived and intangible assets, goodwill, income taxes, and stock-based compensation.
Changes affecting comparability:
In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU")
No. 2016-09, Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which
simpliﬁes how several aspects of share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the financial statements. The
Company elected to early-adopt ASU 2016-09 with an effective date of January 1, 2016. Under previous guidance, excess
tax benefits and deficiencies from stock-based compensation arrangements were recorded in equity when the awards vested
or were settled. ASU 20 16-09 requires prospective recognition of excess tax benefits and deficiencies in the income statement,
resulting in the recognition of excess tax benefits of $5,499,000 in income tax expense, rather than in paid-in capital, for
the year ended December 3 l, 2016. If we had retrospectively adopted this guidance, we would have recognized excess tax
benefits of $7,925,000 and $5,119,000 in income tax expense, rather than in paid-in capital, for the years ended December
3 l, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
In addition, under ASU 2016-09, excess income tax benefits from stock-based compensation arrangements are
classified as cash ﬂow from operations, rather than as cash ﬂow from financing activities. The Company has elected to
apply the cash ﬂow classification guidance of ASU 2016-09 prospectively, resulting in an increase to operating cash ﬂow
of $5,538,000 for the year ended December 3 l, 2016; the prior years have not been adjusted.
The Company has elected to continue to estimate the number of stock-based awards expected to vest, as permitted
by ASU 2016-09, rather than electing to account for forfeitures as they occur.
ASU 2016-09 requires excess tax benefits and deficiencies to be prospectively excluded from assumed future proceeds
in the calculation of diluted shares, resulting in an increase in diluted weighted average shares outstanding of 240,0 1 6 shares
for the year ended December 3 l, 2016.
NOTE 2—SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Cash and cash equivalents:
Cash and cash equivalents are stated at fair value or at cost, which approximates fair value, and include investments
with original maturities of 90 days or less at the date of acquisition. At December 3 l, 2016, and 2015 cash and cash equivalents
consisted of cash, money market funds and time deposits.
49