COLUMBIA SPORTSWEAR COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS=(Continued)
The Company actively manages the risk of changes in functional currency equivalent cash ﬂows resulting from
anticipated non-functional currency denominated purchases and sales. Our subsidiaries and joint venture that use European
euros, Canadian dollars, Japanese yen, or Chinese renminbi as their functional currency are primarily exposed to changes
in functional currency equivalent cash ﬂows from anticipated US. dollar inventory purchases. The Company's prAna
subsidiary uses US. dollars as its functional currency and is exposed to anticipated Canadian dollar denominated sales. The
Company manages these risks by using currency forward and option contracts formally designated and effective as cash
ﬂow hedges. Hedge effectiveness is generally determined by evaluating the ability of a hedging instrument's cumulative
change in fair value to offset the cumulative change in the present value of expected cash ﬂows on the underlying exposures.
For forward contracts, the change in fair value attributable to changes in forward points is excluded from the determination
of hedge effectiveness and included in current cost of sales for hedges of anticipated US. dollar inventory purchases and
in net sales for hedges of anticipated Canadian dollar sales. For option contracts, the change in fair value attributable to
changes in time value is excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and included in current period cost of sales.
Hedge ineffectiveness was not material during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
The Company also uses foreign currency forward contracts not formally designated as hedges using euros, yen,
Canadian dollars, and Swiss francs to manage the consolidated currency exchange risk associated with the remeasurement
of non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities. Non-functional currency denominated monetary
assets and liabilities consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, payables, and intercompany
loans. The gains and losses generated on these currency forward contracts not formally designated as hedges are expected
to be largely offset in other non-operating income (expense), net by the gains and losses generated from the remeasurement
of the non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities.
The following table presents the gross notional amount of outstanding derivative instruments (in thousands):
7 December 31, 7
: 2016 7 7 2015
lDerivative instruments designated as cash ﬂow hedges: ‘
Currencyforwardcontracts................................................ $ 206,000 $161,000
lDerivative instruments not designated as hedges: l
Currencyforwardcontracts................................................ 184,940 113,195
At December 31, 2016, approximately $6,984,000 of deferred net gains on both outstanding and matured derivatives
accumulated in other comprehensive income are expected to be reclassified to income before tax during the next twelve
months as aresult of underlying hedged transactions also being recorded in net income. Actual amounts ultimately reclassified
to net income are dependent on US. dollar exchange rates in effect against the euro, Canadian dollar, yen, and renminbi
when outstanding derivative contracts mature.
At December 31, 2016, the Company's derivative contracts had remaining maturities of less than two years. The
maximum net exposure to any single counterparty, which is generally limited to the aggregate unrealized gain of all contracts
with that counterparty, was less than $4,000,000 at December 31, 2016. All of the Company's derivative counterparties have
investment grade credit ratings. The Company is a party to master netting arrangements that contain features that allow
counterparties to net settle amounts arising from multiple separate derivative transactions or net settle in the case of certain
triggering events such as a bankruptcy or major default of one of the counterparties to the transaction. Finally, the Company
has not pledged assets or posted collateral as a requirement for entering into or maintaining derivative positions.
69