of our products. We regularly discover products that are counterfeit reproductions of our products or that otherwise infringe
on our proprietary rights. Counterfeiting activities typically increase as brand recognition increases, especially in markets
outside the United States. Increased instances of counterfeit manufacture and sales may adversely affect our sales and the
reputation of our brands and result in a shift of consumer preference away from our products. The actions we take to establish
and protect trademarks and other proprietary rights may not be adequate to prevent imitation of our products by others or
to prevent others from seeking to block sales of our products as violations of proprietary rights. In markets outside of the
United States, it may be more difficult for us to establish our proprietary rights and to successfully challenge use of those
rights by other parties. We also license our proprietary rights to third parties. We could suffer reputational damage to our
brands if we fail to choose appropriate licensees and licensed product categories. In addition to our own intellectual property
rights, many of the intellectual property rights in the technology, fabrics and processes used to manufacture our products
are generally owned or controlled by our suppliers and are generally not unique to us. In those cases, we may not be able
to adequately protect our products or differentiate their performance characteristics and fabrications from those of our
competitors. The management of our intellectual property portfolio may affect the strength of our brands, which may in
turn have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
Although we have not been materially inhibited from selling products in connection with patent, trademark and trade
dress disputes, as we focus on innovation in our product lines, extend our brands into new product categories and expand
the geographic scope of our marketing, we may become subject to litigation based on allegations of infringement or other
improper use of intellectual property rights of third parties, including third party trademark, copyright and patent rights. An
increasing number of our products include technologies or designs for which we have obtained or applied for patent
protection. Failure to successfully obtain and maintain patents on these innovations could negatively affect our ability to
market and sell our products. Litigation is often necessary to defend against claims of infringement or to enforce and protect
our intellectual property rights. As we utilize e-commerce and social media to a greater degree in our sales and marketing
efforts, we face an increasing risk of patent infringement claims from non-operating entities and others covering broad
functional aspects of internet operations. Intellectual property litigation may be costly and may divert management's attention
from the operation of our business. Adverse determinations in any litigation may result in the loss of our proprietary rights,
subj ect us to significant liabilities or require us to seek licenses from third parties, which may not be available on commercially
reasonable terms, if at all. Any of these outcomes may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
operations or cash ﬂows.
Our Success Depends on Our Distribution Facilities
Our ability to meet customer expectations, manage inventory, complete sales, and achieve objectives for operating
efﬁciencies depends on the proper operation of our existing distribution facilities, the development or expansion of additional
distribution capabilities and services, such as the transition of value—added services functions from contract manufacturers
to our distribution centers, and the timely performance of services by third parties, including those involved in shipping
product to and from our distribution facilities. In the United States, we rely primarily on our distribution centers in Portland,
Oregon and Robards, Kentucky, in Canada, we rely primarily on our distribution facility in London, Ontario; in Europe,
we rely primarily on our distribution center in Cambrai, France, in Japan, we rely primarily on a third-party logistics
distribution provider in Tokyo, in Korea, we rely primarily on one leased distribution facility near Seoul that we manage
and operate; and in China, we rely primarily on two distribution centers managed by third-parties.
Our primary distribution facilities in the United States, France and Canada are highly automated, which means that
their operations are complicated and may be subject to a number of risks related to computer viruses, the proper operation
of software and hardware, electronic or power interruptions, and other system failures. Risks associated with upgrading or
expanding these facilities may significantly disrupt or increase the cost of our operations. For example, in addition to
supporting our traditional wholesale business, our existing distribution facilities have been modified to enable them to also
support our e-commerce businesses in the United States and Canada. Failure to successfully maintain and update these
modifications could disrupt our wholesale and e-commerce shipments and may have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
The fixed costs associated with owning, operating and maintaining these large, highly automated distribution centers
during a period of economic weakness or declining sales can result in lower operating efficiencies, financial deleverage and
potential impairment in the recorded value of distribution assets. This has occurred in recent years in Europe, where our
distribution center is underutilized. This fixed cost structure globally may make it diﬁicult for us to achieve or maintain
20