A significant portion of our business is highly dependent on cold-weather seasons and patterns to generate consumer
demand for our cold-weather apparel and footwear. Consumer demand for our cold-weather apparel and footwear may be
negatively affected to the extent global weather patterns trend warmer, reducing typical patterns of cold-weather events or
increasing weather volatility, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
or cash ﬂows.
Acquisitions Are Subject to Many Risks
From time to time, we may pursue growth through strategic acquisitions of assets or companies. Acquisitions, including
our acquisition of prAna in May 2014, are subject to many risks, including potential loss of significant customers or key
personnel of the acquired business as a result of the change in ownership, difficulty integrating the operations of the acquired
business or achieving targeted efficiencies, the incurrence of substantial costs and expenses related to the acquisition effort,
and diversion of management's attention from other aspects of our business operations.
Acquisitions may also cause us to incur debt or result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities. Our acquisitions
may cause large one-time expenses or create goodwill or other intangible assets that could result in significant impairment
charges in the future. We also make various estimates and assumptions in order to determine purchase price allocation and
estimate the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If our estimates or assumptions used to value these assets
and liabilities vary from actual or future projected results, we may be exposed to losses, including impairment losses, that
could be material.
We do not provide any assurance that we will be able to successfully integrate the operations of any acquired businesses
into our operations or achieve the expected benefits of any acquisitions. The failure to successfully integrate newly acquired
businesses or achieve the expected benefits of strategic acquisitions in the future could have an adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations and cash ﬂows. We may not complete a potential acquisition for a variety of reasons, but
we may nonetheless incur material costs in the preliminary stages of evaluating and pursuing such an acquisition that we
cannot recover.
We May Not Succeed in Realizing the Anticipated Beneﬁts of Our Joint Venture in China
Effective January 2014, our joint venture in China with Swire began operations. The joint venture, in which we hold
a 60% interest, is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the following:
° Our ability to effectively operate the joint venture depends upon our ability to manage the employees of the joint
venture, and to attract new employees as necessary to supplement the skills, knowledge and expertise of the
existing management team and other key personnel. We face intense competition for these individuals worldwide,
including in China. We may not be able to attract qualified new employees or retain existing employees to operate
the joint venture. Additionally, turnover in key management positions at the joint venture could impair our ability
to execute our growth strategy, which may negatively affect the value of our investment in the joint venture and
the growth of our sales in China.
° We rely, in part, on the operational skill of our joint venture partner. Additionally, because our joint venture
partner has protective voting rights with respect to specified major business decisions of the joint venture, we
may experience difficulty reaching agreement as to implementation of various changes to the joint venture's
business. For these reasons, or as a result of other factors, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the joint
venture, and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
° Continued sales growth in China is an important part of our expectations for our joint venture business. Although
China has experienced significant economic growth in recent years, that growth is slowing. Slowing economic
growth in China could result in reduced consumer discretionary spending, which in turn could result in lower
demand for our products, and thus could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
operations or cash ﬂows.
- Although we believe we have achieved a leading market position in China, many of our competitors who are
significantly larger than we are and have substantially greater financial, distribution, marketing, and other
resources, more stable manufacturing resources and greater brand strength are also concentrating on growing
their businesses in China. In addition, the number of competitors in the marketplace has increased significantly
17