Our business is affected by the general seasonal trends common to the outdoor industry. Our products are marketed
on a seasonal basis and our annual net sales are weighted heavily toward the fall/winter season, while our operating expenses
are more equally distributed throughout the year. As a result, the majority, and sometimes all, of our operating profits are
generated in the second half of the year. The expansion of our direct-to-consumer businesses and sales growth in our winter
footwear business has increased the proportion of sales and profits that we generate in the fourth calendar quarter. This
seasonality, along with other factors that are beyond our control and that are discussed elsewhere in this section, may
adversely affect our business and cause our results of operations to ﬂuctuate. As a result, our profitability may be materially
affected if management is not able to timely adjust expenses in reaction to adverse events such as unfavorable weather,
weak consumer spending patterns or unanticipated levels of order cancellations. Results of operations in any period should
not be considered indicative of the results to be expected for any future period.
Our Products Are Subject to Increasing Product Regulations and We Face Risks of Product Liability and Warranty
Claims
Our products are subject to increasingly stringent and complex domestic and foreign product labeling and performance
and safety standards, laws and other regulations. These requirements could result in greater expense associated with
compliance efforts, and failure to comply with these regulations could result in a delay, non-delivery, recall, or destruction
of inventory shipments during key seasons or in other financial penalties. Significant or continuing noncompliance with
these standards and laws could disrupt our business and harm our reputation and, as a result, could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
Our products are used in outdoor activities, sometimes in severe conditions. Product recalls or product liability claims
resulting from the failure, or alleged failure, of our products could have a material adverse effect on the reputation of our
brands, our financial condition, results of operations, or cash ﬂows. Most of our products carry limited warranties for defects
in quality and workmanship. We maintain a warranty reserve for estimated future warranty claims, but the actual costs of
servicing future warranty claims may exceed the reserve, which may also have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
Our Common Stock Price May Be Volatile
The price of our common stock has ﬂuctuated substantially since our initial public offering. Our common stock is
traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Factors such as general market conditions, actions by institutional investors
to rapidly accumulate or divest of a substantial number of our shares, ﬂuctuations in financial results, variances from financial
market expectations, changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by analysts, or announcements by us or our
competitors may cause the market price of our common stock to ﬂuctuate, perhaps substantially.
Insiders Control a Majority of Our Common Stock and May Sell Shares
Five related shareholders, Gertrude Boyle, Sarah Bany and Timothy Boyle and his two adult children, beneficially
own a majority of our common stock. As a result, if acting together, they can eﬁectively control matters requiring shareholder
approval without the cooperation of other shareholders. Shares held by these five shareholders are available for resale,
subject to the requirements of, and the rules under, the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The
sale or the prospect of the sale of a substantial number of these shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of
our common stock.
Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
Item 2. PROPERTIES
Following is a summary of principal properties owned or leased by us:
22