of dividend payments of $39. 8 million and the repurchase of common stock at an aggregate price of $15.0 million, partially
offset by net proceeds of $19.1 million from the issuance of common stock related to our stock compensation programs.
Short-term borrowings and credit lines
We have an unsecured, committed $125.0 million revolving line of credit available to fund our domestic working
capital requirements. At December 3 l, 2016, no balance was outstanding under this line of credit and we were in compliance
with all associated covenants. Internationally, our subsidiaries have operating lines of credit in place guaranteed by the
parent company with a combined limit of approximately $84.3 million at December 31, 2016, of which $2.4 million is
designated as a European customs guarantee. At December 31, 2016, no balance was outstanding under these lines of credit.
We expect to fund our future working capital expenditures with existing cash, operating cash ﬂows and credit facilities.
If the need arises, we may need to seek additional funding. Our ability to obtain additional financing will depend on many
factors, including prevailing market conditions, our ﬁnancial condition, and our ability to negotiate favorable terms and
conditions. Financing may not be available on terms that are acceptable or favorable to us, if at all.
Our operations are affected by seasonal trends typical in the outdoor apparel and footwear industry and have historically
resulted in higher sales and profits in the third and fourth calendar quarters. This pattern has resulted primarily from the
timing of shipments of fall season products to wholesale customers in the third and fourth quarters and proportionally higher
sales in our direct-to-consumer channels in the fourth quarter, combined with an expense base that is more consistent
throughout the year. We believe that our liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months will be adequately covered
by existing cash, cash provided by operations and existing short-term borrowing arrangements. We plan to fund future cash
dividends and share repurchases with cash generated from operating activities.
Contractual obligations
The following table presents our estimated significant contractual commitments (in thousands):
7 Year ended December 31, 7
H g 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 :_:Thereafter Total ;
llnventory purchase obligations (I) . . . $202,391 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $202,391 1
Operating lease obligations <2) . . . . . . 61,682 56,748 46,707 39,181 33,625 111,800 349,743
lLong—term debt obligations (3). . . . . . 997 15,040 — — — — 16,037 ‘
(1) See Inventory Purchase Obligations in Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
(2) See Operating Leases in Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
(3) Amounts represent interest and principal obligations under our related party note with Swire. See Note 22 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.
We have recorded long-term liabilities for net unrecognized tax benefits related to income tax uncertainties in our
Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2016 of approximately $12.7 million; however, they have not been included
in the table above because we are uncertain about whether or when these amounts may be settled. See Note 10 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
In the normal course of business, our financial position and results of operations are subject to a variety of risks,
including risks associated with global financial and capital markets, primarily currency exchange rate risk and, to a lesser
extent, interest rate risk and equity market risk. We regularly assess these risks and have established policies and business
practices designed to mitigate their effects. We do not engage in speculative trading in any financial or capital market.
Our primary currency exchange rate risk management objective is to mitigate the uncertainty of anticipated cash ﬂows
attributable to changes in exchange rates. We focus on mitigating changes in functional currency equivalent cash ﬂows
resulting from anticipated US. dollar denominated inventory purchases by subsidiaries that use European euros, Canadian
dollars, Japanese yen, or Chinese renminbi as their functional currency. We manage this risk primarily by using currency
forward contracts. Additionally, we hedge net balance sheet exposures related primarily to non-functional currency
37