Sales in our EM EA (Europe, Middle East, Africa) percent and represented 37 percent of total sales, up
region grew 9 percent in 2016. This region consists from 34 percent in 2015. Within that, ecommerce sales
of two distinct businesses: grew more than 20 percent to approximately $220 million,
accounting for more than 9 percent of 2016 global sales.
Our Europe—direct business consists of wholesale
operations in which we sell to leading European retailers, While we are pleased with our 2016 performance,
as well as a direct—to-consumer business comprising a dynamic economic forces demand that we continue
dozen company-owned outlet stores, a branded store striving for relentless improvement. In that spirit, we
in London and branded e—commerce sites. This portion recently engaged a leading consulting firm to assist
of the EM EA region produced a second consecutive us in a thorough assessment of our operating model
year of 20-percent—plus sales growth, returning to and to explore new ways of aligning and organizing
operating profitability as the Columbia brand regained our business to execute our strategic plan.
wholesale market share across virtually every country.
In early 2017, we transitioned our European Columbia Looking ahead, our strong balance sheet enables
and SOREL brand ecommerce operations in—house from us to invest strategically in our portfolio of brands,
a 3rd—party provider to directly service 10 European even as dramatic changes continue to ripple across
countries. We expect this change to drive sales growth the North American retail landscape, as well as
by creating superior brand connections and consumer when geopolitical uncertainty and foreign currency
experiences with an expanded product offering, while volatility occurs in key international markets.
leveraging our existing European distribution operations.
We are committed to investing in strategies that deepen
Our EM EA distributor business consists of sales to consumer engagement with our brands, enhance our
independent distributors in Russia and many Middle operational excellence, diversify our business to become
Eastern and African countries. The Columbia brand less weather-sensitive, and enable us to manage through
is very strong in Russia; however, the devalued business cycles with greater financial discipline.
ruble and a weakened Russian economy resulted in
significantly lower sales to our Russian distributor We remain confident in our ability to continue to
in 2016. With those macro-economic variables drive sustainable profitable growth through our
stabilized as of this writing, we anticipate renewed powerful brand portfolio and global operations.
growth in sales to our Russian distributor in 2017.
Thank you for your continued confidence and support.
Sales in our LAAP (Latin America/Asia Pacific) region
declined 3 percent during 2016. This region consists Sincerely,
of our China joint venture and subsidiary operations
in Japan and Korea, as well as sales to independent
distributors in Central and South America and Asia.
Our China joint venture posted low-single—digit sales
growth during 2016 as overall market growth moderated
following a decade of rapid expansion. The joint venture Timothy P. Boyle
owns and operates more than 90 retail stores and works Chief Executive Officer
Closely Wlth, Independent dealer? Opérate anOther This letter contains fonNard-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those
stores In TIer 1 and TIer 2 CITIES. Durlng 7, we projected in these forward-looking statements asa result ofa number of risks and uncertainties,
anticipate the Joint venture Will implement our global l9:lleilnfellé‘iiezgiifréiidslnbil;fin?22362212222?52351532235:l?r§iZlIleF§:?£ri?5led
ERP platform and begin to benefit from enhanced
systems and processes designed to support future
growth while improving profitability and cash flow.
Sales in Japan, which are evenly split between wholesale
and direct—to-consumer, increased at a low-double-digit
rate during 2016.
Sales in Korea, where we work with franchisees that own
and operate more than 200 stores, fell approximately 20
percent during 2016. A shift in consumer demand away
from technical outerwear that began more than 2 years
ago continued to drive contraction in this crowded market.
Our direct-to—consumer business was a bright spot in
every region. Globally, direct—to—consumer sales grew 10