CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
the indexed return by 40% or more. If the Company's return over the performance period is positive but underperforms the
index, a number of non-vested stock units will be issued, below the target award, based on interpolation; however, no non-
vested stock units will be issued if the Company's return underperforms the index by more than 20% over the performance
period. In the event the Company's return to stockholders is negative but still meets or exceeds the indexed return, only 75% of
the target award shall be issued. If the awardee is not employed by the Company at the end of the performance period; the
extent to which the awardee will vest in the award, if at all, is dependent upon the timing and character of the termination as
provided in the award agreement. Each non-vested stock unit, upon vesting, represents the right to receive one share of the
Company's common stock. The performance metric under the March 2014 award was met, therefore awards vested as of
December 31, 2016.
The market condition requirements are reﬂected in the grant date fair value of the award, and the compensation expense
for the award will be recognized assuming that the requisite service is rendered regardless of whether the market conditions are
achieved. The grant date fair value of the non-vested performance stock unit awards was determined through the use of a Monte
Carlo simulation model, which utilized multiple input variables that determined the probability of satisfying the market
condition requirements applicable to each award as follows:
March 2016 January 2016 March 2015 March 2014
Grant Grant Grant Grant
Expected volatility factor 0.29 - 0.39 0.29 - 0.37 0.14 - 0.29 0.19 - 0.38
Risk free interest rate 0.91% 1.10% 0.85% 0.81%
Expected dividend yield 0% 0% 0% 0%
For the March 2016 and January 2016 grants, the range of expected volatilities utilized was based on the historical
volatilities of the Company's common stock and the average of its peer group. The Company chose to use historical volatility to
value these awards because historical stock prices were used to develop the correlation coefficients between the Company and
its peer group in order to model the stock price movements. The volatilities used were calculated over a 3.00 year period, which
is commensurate with the awards’ performance period at the date of grant. The risk free interest rate was based on the implied
yield available on US. Treasury zero-coupon issues with remaining terms equivalent to the performance period. The Company
does not intend to pay dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, the Company used a dividend
yield of zero in its model. The estimated fair value of each award as of the date of grant was $66.18 for the March 2016 grant
and $49.68 for the January 2016 grant.
For the March 2015 and March 2014 grants, the range of expected volatilities utilized was based on the historical
volatilities of the Company's common stock and the XCMP. The Company chose to use historical volatility to value these
awards because historical stock prices were used to develop the correlation coefficients between the Company and the XCMP
in order to model the stock price movements. The volatilities used were calculated over the most recent 2.76 year period, which
is commensurate with the awards' performance period at the date of grant. The risk free interest rate was based on the implied
yield available on US. Treasury zero-coupon issues with remaining terms equivalent to the performance period. The Company
does not intend to pay dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, the Company used a dividend
yield of zero in its model. The estimated fair value of each award as of the date of grant was $61.01 for the March 2015 grant
and $56.94 for the March 2014 grant.
Service Based Stock Units
The Company also awards senior level employees, certain other employees and new non-employee directors, non-vested
stock units granted under the 2014 Plan that vest based on service. The majority of these non-vested stock unit awards generally
vest 33.33% on each anniversary subsequent to the date of the award. The Company also assumes non-vested stock units in
connection with certain of its acquisitions. The assumed awards have the same three year vesting schedule. Each non-vested
stock unit, upon vesting, represents the right to receive one share of the Company’s common stock. In addition, the Company
awards non-vested stock units to all of its continuing non-employee directors. These awards vest monthly in 12 equal
installments based on service and, upon vesting, each stock unit represents the right to receive one share of the Company's
common stock.
Performance Stock Units
During 2015, the Company awarded certain senior level employees non-vested performance stock units granted under the
2014 Plan. The number of non-vested stock units underlying each award will be determined within sixty days of the calendar
year following completion of the one-year performance period ending December 31, 2016 and will be based on achievement of
a specific corporate financial performance goal determined at the time of the award. The number of non-vested stock units
F-23