Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain and further access large enterprise customers.
We must retain and continue to expand our ability to reach and access large enterprise customers by adding effective
value-added distributors, or VADS, system integrators, or SIS, and other partners, as well as expanding our direct sales teams
and consulting services. Our inability to attract and retain large enterprise customers could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. Large enterprise customers usually request special pricing and purchase
of multiple years of subscription and maintenance up-front and generally have longer sales cycles. By allowing these customers
to purchase multiple years of subscription or maintenance up-front and by granting special pricing, such as bundled pricing or
discounts, to these large customers, we may have to defer recognition of some or all of the revenue from such sales. This
deferral, compounded with the longer sales cycles, could reduce our revenues and operating profits for a given reporting period
and make revenues difficult to predict.
Changes to our licensing or subscription renewal programs, or bundling of our products, could negatively impact the timing
of our recognition of revenue.
We continually re-evaluate our licensing programs and subscription renewal programs, including specific license models,
delivery methods, and terms and conditions, to market our current and future products and services. We could implement new
licensing programs and subscription renewal programs, including promotional trade-up programs or offering specified
enhancements to our current and future product and service lines. Such changes could result in deferring revenue recognition
until the specified enhancement is delivered or at the end of the contract term as opposed to upon the initial shipment or
licensing of our software product. We could implement different licensing models in certain circumstances, for which we would
recognize licensing fees over a longer period, including offering additional products in a SaaS model. Changes to our licensing
programs and subscription renewal programs, including the timing of the release of enhancements, upgrades, maintenance
releases, the term of the contract, discounts, promotions and other factors, could impact the timing of the recognition of revenue
for our products, related enhancements and services and could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
Further, we may be required to defer the recognition of revenue that we receive from the sale of certain bundled products
if we have not established vendor specific objective evidence, or VSOE, for the undelivered elements in the arrangement in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP. A delay in the recognition of revenue
from sales of these bundled products may cause ﬂuctuations in our quarterly financial results and may adversely aﬁect our
operating margins. Similarly, companies that we acquire may operate with different cost and margin structures, which could
further cause ﬂuctuations in our operating results and adversely affect our operating margins. Moreover, if our quarterly
financial results or our predictions of future financial results fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts and investors,
our stock price could be negatively aﬁected.
Sales and renewals of our license updates and maintenance products constitute a large portion of our deferred revenue.
We anticipate that sales and renewals of our license updates and maintenance products will continue to constitute a
substantial portion of our deferred revenue. Our ability to continue to generate both recognized and deferred revenue from our
license updates and maintenance products will depend on our customers continuing to perceive value in automatic delivery of
our software upgrades and enhancements. Further, our customers began migrating to our new maintenance service oﬁering,
Citrix Customer Success Services. While this oﬁering provides greater benefits to our customers, it results in a price increase.
We may experience a decrease in renewal rate due to the price increase and perceived value of Customer Success Services
offerings. Additionally, a decrease in demand for our license updates and maintenance products could occur as a result of a
decrease in demand for our Workspace Services, Delivery Networking and Cloud Services solutions. If our customers do not
continue to purchase our license updates and maintenance products, our deferred revenue would decrease significantly and our
results of operations and financial condition would be adversely aﬁected.
Our international presence subjects us to additional risks that could harm our business.
We conduct significant sales and customer support, development and engineering operations in countries outside of the
United States. During the year ended December 31, 2016, we derived approximately 40.7% of our revenues from sales outside
the United States. Potential growth and profitability could require us to further expand our international operations. To
successfully maintain and expand international sales, we may need to establish additional foreign operations, hire additional
personnel and recruit additional international resellers. In addition, there is significant competition for entry into high growth
markets where we may seek to expand, such as China, the Middle East and Eastern Europe. Our international operations are
subject to a variety of risks, which could adversely affect the results of our international operations. These risks include:
° compliance with foreign regulatory and market requirements;
0 variability of foreign economic, political, labor conditions and global policy uncertainty (including the impact of
the proposed exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union, commonly referred to as “Brexit”);
° changing restrictions imposed by regulatory requirements, tariﬁs or other trade barriers or by US. export laws;
1 8