CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
The authoritative guidance defines fair value as an exit price, representing the amount that would either be received to sell
an asset or be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-
based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or
liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, the guidance establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes
the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:
- Level 1. Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
- Level 2. Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and
- Level 3. Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop
its own assumptions.
Available-for—sale securities included in Level 2 are valued utilizing inputs obtained from an independent pricing service
(the “Service”) which uses quoted market prices for identical or comparable instruments rather than direct observations of
quoted prices in active markets. The Service applies a four level hierarchical pricing methodology to all of the Company’s fixed
income securities based on the circumstances. The hierarchy starts with the highest priority pricing source, then subsequently
uses inputs obtained from other third-party sources and large custodial institutions. The Service’s providers utilize a variety of
inputs to determine their quoted prices. These inputs may include interest rates, known historical trades, yield curve
information, benchmark data, prepayment speeds, credit quality and broker/dealer quotes. Substantially all of the Company ’s
available-for—sale investments are valued utilizing inputs obtained from the Service and accordingly are categorized as Level 2
in the table below. The Company periodically independently assesses the pricing obtained from the Service and historically has
not adjusted the Service's pricing as a result of this assessment. Available-for—sale securities are included in Level 3 when
relevant observable inputs for a security are not available.
The Company’s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and
may affect the classification of assets and liabilities within the fair value hierarchy. In certain instances, the inputs used to
measure fair value may meet the definition of more than one level of the fair value hierarchy. The input with the lowest level
priority is used to determine the applicable level in the fair value hierarchy.
F- l 8