° GoToAssist was our easy-to-use cloud-based IT support solutions for IT managers, consultants and managed service
providers to deliver maximum uptime for people and their computers, mobile devices and apps.
License Updates and Maintenance
We provide several ways for customers to receive upgrades, support and maintenance for products.
° Software Maintenance combines 24x7x365 unlimited worldwide support with product version upgrades when
available. The first year of Software Maintenance is required with certain corresponding product purchases. In
October 2016, we announced the launch of Customer Success Services, which will replace Software Maintenance and
provide a higher standard of service that empowers customer success whether in the cloud, on-premises or a hybrid
approach through additional services providing expert guidance, proactive monitoring and enablement. In connection
with this launch, beginning in 2017, our customers began migrating from the Subscription Advantage and Software
Maintenance programs to this new oﬁering. Customer Success Services gives customers a choice of tiered support
offerings that combine the elements of product version upgrades, guidance, enablement, support and proactive
monitoring to help our customers and our partners fully realize their business goals.
° Subscription Advantage provides customers access to the latest product version updates when made available during
their membership term. These updates include major changes to the product architecture and updates to the feature set
of a product. Citrix software products eligible for participating in the Subscription Advantage program come with the
first year of Subscription Advantage embedded into the cost of the product.
- Technical Support Services are specifically designed to address the variety of challenges facing our customers’
IT environments. We oﬁer several support-level options, global coverage and personalized relationship management.
In most cases, we provide technical advice to distributors, resellers, service providers and entities with which we have
a technology relationship, who act as the first line of technical assistance for end-users.
- Hardware Maintenance provides technical support from Citrix experts to diagnose and resolve issues encountered
with appliances. It also offers the latest software upgrades and replacement of malfunctioning appliances to minimize
organizational downtime. Additionally, dedicated account management is available as an add-on to the program for an
even higher level of service.
Professional Services
We provide a portfolio of professional services to our business partners and customers to manage the quality of
implementation, operation and support of our solutions. These services are available for additional fees paid on an annual or
transactional basis.
- Citrix Consulting helps guide the successful implementation of Citrix technologies and solutions through the use of
proven methodologies, tools and leading practices. Citrix Consulting focuses on strategic engagements with enterprise
customers who have complex, mission-critical, or large-scale Citrix deployments. These engagements are typically
fee-based engagements for the most challenging projects in scope and complexity, requiring consultants who are
qualified with project methodology and Citrix product expertise. Citrix Consulting is also responsible for the
development of best practice knowledge that is disseminated to businesses with which we have a business relationship
and end-users through training and written documentation. Leveraging these best practices enables our integration
resellers to provide more complex systems, reach new buyers within existing customer organizations and provide
more sophisticated system proposals to prospective customers. Citrix Consulting has worked with Fortune Global 500
companies, technology providers, and government organizations to deliver solutions that achieve their unique
technical and business objectives.
- Product Training & Certification helps enable our customers and partners to be successful with Citrix and achieve
their business objectives faster. Authorized Citrix training is available when and how it is needed. Traditional or virtual
instructor-led training offerings feature Citrix Certified Instructors delivering training in a classroom or remote setting
at one of our Citrix Authorized Learning Centers, or CALCs, worldwide. CALCs are staffed with instructors that have
been certified by us and teach their students using Citrix-developed courseware. Self-Paced Online oﬁerings, available
to students 24 hours a day, seven days a week, provide technically robust course content without an instructor and
include hands-on practice via virtual labs. Certifications validate key skills and are available for administrators,
engineers, architects and sales professionals.
6