- NetScaler SD- WAN increases the security, performance and reliability of traditional enterprise applications, SaaS
applications and virtual desktops for remote users. It is an integrated platform that can help customers eﬁectively and
economically increase WAN throughput while accelerating enterprise applications and ensuring the performance and
availability of mission critical applications through a hybrid WAN architecture.
Cloud Services
Citrix cloud-based services enable our customers to provide a ﬂexible way to manage their applications and data. This
cloud-based approach is designed to provide reduced infrastructure, centralized control and SaaS-style updates, contributing to
lower administration cost and complexity.
° ShareFile is a secure, cloud-based file sharing and storage solution built for business, giving users enterprise-class
data services across all corporate and personal mobile devices, while maintaining total IT control. ShareFile delivers
the data fabric of our integrated platform for secure app, data and network delivery through Citrix Cloud. ShareFile
protects data throughout the storage and transfer process, using up to 256-bit encryption and SSL or Transport Layer
Security, or TLS encryption protocols for transfer and 256-bit encryption for files at rest on ShareFile servers.
Password protection and granular access to folders and files stored with ShareFile ensure that data remains in control
of the company. With ShareFile Enterprise, organizations can manage their data on—premises in customer managed
StorageZones, select Citrix managed secure cloud options or create a mix of both to meet the needs for data
sovereignty, compliance, performance and costs. Additionally, ShareFile supports e-signature, feedback and approval
workﬂows that help businesses adopt the mobile, digital office.
- Citrix Cloud delivers our XenApp, XenDesktop, XenMobile, ShareFile and NetScaler Gateway services virtually
through the cloud so customers can easily and rapidly configure and deliver workspaces to meet the needs of given
functions, roles or vertical segments; ﬂexibly integrate apps and data across any cloud, platform or device; set and
monitor access, security and data sovereignty rules across their entire infrastructure; and monitor and manage all
corporate apps, data and networks through a unified control console. This cloud-based approach means reduced
infrastructure, centralized control and SaaS-style updates, contributing to lower administration cost and complexity.
Go To Business
The GoTo Business was composed of the Communications Cloud and Workﬂow Cloud products that allow organizations
to enable mobile workstyles and offer employees the ability to move seamlessly across a diverse mix of devices and collaborate
and share information.
Communications Cloud
° GOT oMeeting was our easy-to-use, secure and cost-effective product for online meetings, sales demonstrations and
collaborative gatherings and comes equipped with integrated conference dial-in numbers, Voice over Internet Protocol,
or VoIP and HDFaces high-definition video conferencing.
° GOT 0 Webinar was our easy-to-use, do-it—yourself, full-featured webinar product, allowing organizations to increase
market reach and effectively present online to geographically dispersed audiences.
° GOT 0T raining was our easy-to-use and secure online training product that enables individuals and enterprises to
provide interactive training sessions to customers and employees in any location.
- Open Voice was our reservation-less audio conferencing service, providing robust web-based account tools that allows
user provisioning and audio meeting controls for users to manage small and large audio conferences without operator
assistance.
° Grasshopper was our provider of cloud-based telephony solutions for small businesses that allows organizations to
establish professional voice presence (e.g., interactive voice response (IVR), routing, voicemail) without costly
hardware investments and enables employees to use their personal devices to make and receive calls from their
business line via a mobile app.
Workﬂow Cloud
° GoToMyPC was our online service that enables mobile workstyles by providing secure, remote access to a PC or Mac
from virtually any Internet-connected computer, as well as from supported iOS or Android mobile devices.
5