License updates and maintenance revenue increased during 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to an increase in
hardware and software maintenance revenues of $291.2 million, primarily driven by increased sales of maintenance revenues
across our Workspace Services and Delivery Networking products, partially offset by a decrease in our Subscription Advantage
product of $ 1 80.4 million and our technical and premier support of $44.6 million. License updates and maintenance revenue
increased during 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to an increase in hardware and software maintenance revenues of
$155.5 million, primarily driven by increased sales of maintenance revenues across our Workspace Services and Delivery
Networking products, partially offset by a decrease in our Subscription Advantage product of $44.0 million. The overall change
when comparing 2016 to 2015 and 2015 to 2014 is a result of customers migrating to our new Software Maintenance offerings
discussed above. We currently expect that License updates and maintenance revenue will increase when comparing the first
quarter of 20 17 to the first quarter of 2016.
Professional services
The decrease in Professional services revenue when comparing 2016 to 2015 was primarily due to decreased
implementation services and product training and certification related to our Workspace Services solutions. The decrease in
Professional services revenue when comparing 2015 to 2014 was primarily due to decreased product training and certification
and implementation services related to our Workspace Services solutions. These results are due to the operational initiatives as
discussed in the Executive Summary above. We currently expect Professional services revenue to decrease when comparing the
first quarter of 20 17 to the first quarter of 2016 due to changes to our field and channel strategies.
Deferred Revenue
Deferred revenues are primarily comprised of License updates and maintenance revenue from maintenance fees, which
include software and hardware maintenance, our Subscription Advantage program and technical support. Deferred revenues
also include SaaS revenue from annual service agreements for our online services and Professional services revenue primarily
related to our consulting contracts.
Deferred revenues increased approximately $139.8 million as of December 31, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015
primarily due to a net increase in sales of our software maintenance oﬁerings of $96.2 million and an increase in sales of our
hardware maintenance offerings of $17.5 million. These changes were primarily related to our new Software Maintenance
offering discussed in the license updates and maintenance revenue section above. We currently expect deferred revenue,
excluding the GoTo Business, to increase in 2017.
While it is generally our practice to promptly ship our products upon receipt of properly finalized purchase orders, we
sometimes have product license orders that have not shipped. Although the amount of such product license orders may vary, the
amount, if any, of such product license orders at the end of a particular period has not been material to total revenue at the end
of any reporting period. We do not believe that backlog, as of any particular date, is a reliable indicator of future performance.
International Revenues
International revenues (sales outside the United States) accounted for approximately 40.7% of our net revenues for the
year ended December 31, 2016, 43.1% of our net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 45.2% of our net
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2014. The change in our international revenues as a percentage of our net revenues
for the periods presented is not significant. For detailed information on international revenues, please refer to Note 11 to our
consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016.
Segment Revenues
Our revenues are derived from sales of Enterprise and Service Provider products which include Workspace Services
solutions, Delivery Networking products, Cloud Services products and related License updates and maintenance and
Professional services and sales of the GoTo Business, which are delivered as cloud-based SaaS, and include Communications
Cloud and Workﬂow Cloud service offerings. The Enterprise and Service Provider and the GoTo Business segment constitute
our two reportable segments. As part of our continued transformation, effective January 1, 2016, we reorganized a part of our
business by creating a new Cloud Services product grouping that primarily includes the ShareFile product line. Prior to 2016,
the ShareFile product line was included within our Workﬂow Cloud products under the GoTo Business segment. Management
has changed how it views the business primarily due to operational initiatives announced in 2015, which include increased
emphasis and investments in core enterprise products for secure and reliable application and data delivery. As a result, we
realigned our Cloud Services products and services to the Enterprise and Service Provider segment effective January 1, 2016 in
contemplation of the strategic shift and the separation of the GoTo Business. See Note 18 of our consolidated financial
statements for additional information on the separation of the GoTo Business. We are currently evaluating our segment
reporting and goodwill reporting units for 2017 as a result of these changes.
40