the following: the evaluation of macroeconomic conditions as related to our business, industry and market trends, and the
overall future financial performance of our reporting units and future opportunities in the markets in which they operate. If after
performing the Qualitative Screen impairment indicators are present, we would perform a quantitative impairment test to
estimate the fair value of goodwill and certain intangible assets. In doing so, we would estimate future revenue, consider
market factors and estimate our future cash flows. Based on these key assumptions, judgments and estimates, we determine
whether we need to record an impairment charge to reduce the value of the goodwill and certain intangible assets carried on our
balance sheet to its estimated fair value. Assumptions, judgments and estimates about future values are complex and often
subjective and can be aﬁected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and
internal factors such as changes in our business strategy or our internal forecasts. Although we believe the assumptions,
judgments and estimates we have made have been reasonable and appropriate, different assumptions, judgments and estimates
could materially affect our results of operations. As a result of the Qualitative Screen, no further quantitative impairment test
was deemed necessary. There was no impairment of goodwill as a result of the annual impairment tests completed during the
fourth quarters of 2016 and 2015.
Income Taxes
We are required to estimate our income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate as part of the process of
preparing our consolidated financial statements. At December 31, 2016, we had approximately $249.8 million in net deferred
tax assets. The authoritative guidance requires a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if, based on the
weight of the evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We
review deferred tax assets periodically for recoverability and make estimates and judgments regarding the expected geographic
sources of taxable income and gains from investments, as well as tax planning strategies in assessing the need for a valuation
allowance. At December 31, 2016, we determined that a $14.2 million valuation allowance relating to deferred tax assets for
net operating losses and tax credits was necessary. If the estimates and assumptions used in our determination change in the
future, we could be required to revise our estimates of the valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets and adjust our
provisions for additional income taxes.
In the ordinary course of global business, there are transactions for which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain, thus
judgment is required in determining the worldwide provision for income taxes. We provide for income taxes on transactions
based on our estimate of the probable liability. We adjust our provision as appropriate for changes that impact our underlying
judgments. Changes that impact provision estimates include such items as jurisdictional interpretations on tax filing positions
based on the results of tax audits and general tax authority rulings. Due to the evolving nature of tax rules combined with the
large number of jurisdictions in which we operate, it is possible that our estimates of our tax liability and the realizability of our
deferred tax assets could change in the ﬁJture, which may result in additional tax liabilities and adversely aﬁect our results of
operations, financial condition and cash ﬂows.
The following discussion relating to the individual financial statement captions, our overall financial performance,
operations and financial position should be read in conjunction with the factors and events described in “7 7 Overview” and Part
1 — Item 1A entitled “Risk Factors,” included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016,
which could impact our future performance and financial position.
Convertible Senior Notes
In April 2014, we completed a private placement of our Convertible Notes due 2019 with a net share settlement feature,
meaning that upon conversion, the principal amount will be settled in cash and the remaining amount, if any, will be settled in
shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. In accordance with
accounting guidance for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash or other assets on conversion, we first
determine the carrying amount of the liability component by measuring the fair value of a similar liability that does not have an
associated equity component. Then we determine the carrying amount of the equity component represented by the embedded
conversion option by deducting the fair value of the liability component from the initial proceeds ascribed to the convertible
debt instrument as a whole. Debt discount and debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest
method.
As a result of the structure of the Reverse Morris Trust (RMT) transaction with LogMeIn, Inc., and the notification on
October 10, 2016 to noteholders in accordance with the Indenture, the Convertible Notes became convertible until the earlier of
(1) the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the ex-dividend date for the distribution of the outstanding
shares of GetGo common stock to our stockholders by way of a pro rata dividend, and (2) our announcement that such
distribution will not take place, even though the Convertible Notes were not otherwise convertible at December 31, 2016. The
conversion rate for the Convertible Notes, Convertible Note Hedge and Warrant Transactions also will be subject to adjustment
as of the opening of business on the ex-dividend date for the distribution. The $1.44 billion Convertible Notes became
36