quarter of 2015, management performed a comprehensive operational review which included an evaluation of all our products.
In connection with this review, management determined that the Sanbolic technology was a non-core solution and that the
related product offerings will no longer be developed. As a result, we impaired the remaining carrying value of the intangible
assets related to this acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2015. Refer to Note 2 for further information about intangible assets.
Grasshopper
On May 18, 2015, we acquired all of the membership interests of Grasshopper Group, LLC ("Grasshopper"), a leading
provider of cloud-based phone solutions for small businesses. With the acquisition, we will expand our breadth of
communication and collaboration solutions for small businesses, including GoToMeeting, GoToTraining, GoToWebinar and
OpenVoice. Grasshopper became part of the GoTo Business segment. Total cash consideration for this transaction was
approximately $161.5 million, net of $3.6 million cash acquired. Transaction costs associated with the acquisition were $0.3
million, all of which we expensed during the year ended December 31, 2015 and are included in General and administrative
expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. In addition, in connection with the acquisition, we assumed
non—vested stock units which were converted into the right to receive, in the aggregate, up to 105,765 shares of our common
stock, for which the vesting period commenced on the closing of the transaction.
Subsequent E vem‘
On January 3, 2017, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding securities of Unidesk Corporation (“Unidesk”).
Unidesk is the inventor of the Microsoft Windows application packaging and management technology known as application
layering. We acquired Unidesk to enhance and provide a demonstrable difference in application management and delivery. By
incorporating the Unidesk technology into XenApp and XenDesktop, we will advance our industry leadership by offering the
most powerful and easy to deploy application layering solution available for delivering and managing applications and
desktops in the cloud, on—premises and in hybrid deployment environments. Unidesk will become part of our Enterprise and
Service Provider segment. The total preliminary cash consideration for this transaction was approximately $60.5 million, net of
$2.7 million cash acquired. Transaction costs associated with the acquisition are currently estimated at $0.3 million, of which
we expensed $0.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2016, which were included in General and administrative
expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The
preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. We base these estimates on our historical
experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, and these estimates
form the basis for our judgments concerning the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. We periodically evaluate these estimates and judgments based on available information and experience. Actual results
could differ from our estimates under different assumptions and conditions. If actual results significantly differ from our
estimates, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially impacted.
We believe that the accounting policies described below are critical to understanding our business, results of operations
and financial condition because they involve more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our
consolidated financial statements. An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made
based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that
could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially
impact our consolidated financial statements. We have discussed the development, selection and application of our critical
accounting policies with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors and our independent auditors, and our Audit
Committee has reviewed our disclosure relating to our critical accounting policies and estimates in this “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2016 describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our Consolidated
Financial Statements.
32