Annual Report 2016 Citrix Systems, Inc.
Overall, we saw a record 257 customertransactions of more than $1 million each, which
reﬂects the trust that our customers have in ourtechnology. We also saw solid results
TOTAL 2016 REVENUE in our cloud transformation, ending the year with nearly 50 customers running their
'N B'LL'ONS enterprise workspaces in Citrix Cloud.
S % 4 2 We continued to improve our operational rigor, increasing our non—GAAP operating
; ° ’ ’ margin to 30.8%, up from 25.7% in 2015. We delivered a solid non—GAAP earnings per share
of $5.32 per share, up from $4.34 per share in 2015. Later, in the annual report section, you
can ﬁnd a full reconciliation between our non—GAAP and GAAP performance.
At the close of 2016, we had $2.66 billion in cash and investments, a sharp increase from
the previous year, and we saw a record cash ﬂow in 2016 of $1.12 billion.
A YOY REVENUE Overall, we delivered strong results in 2016, and created a foundation that will enable us to
INCREASE OF deliver sustained proﬁtable growth in 2017 and beyond.
( ! 0/ Looking ahead to 2017, we have a strong roadmap across our product portfolio —a
O roadmap that will allow us to deliverthe workspaces ofthe future, all from the cloud,
and all as a service. The momentum of Citrix Cloud is accelerating, a trend we expect to
continue into 2017 because of how much easier and fasterthe cloud makes it for our
customers to deliver our solutions to all oftheir employees. The cloud also enables us to
reach customers in the mid—marketthrough the simplicity and ease of use that comes with
this model.
TREEEEETiﬁSSEOFMh/EERE It is an exciting time of digital transformation in the world, as enterprises begin to embrace
THAN $1M|LL|ON EACH smartertechnologies and newer ways of computing to address a variety of growing
‘ business challenges— lagging productivity, aging infrastructure, and most importantly,
? 5 / the ever—growing threats around cyber security. More and more customers recognize
' 7' that Citrix technology enables them to build secure IT architecture, and that our solutions
provide one ofthe surest ways to defend their enterprises against cyber—attacks, which are
currently top—of—mind for all organizations. We are positioned to deliver on these growing
needs for information security and smarter technology now, more than ever.
Driven by our improved operational rigor and the strength ofthe leadership thatjoined
NET CASH AND our global organization in 2016, we foresee strong product momentum and innovation
INVESTMENTS lN BILLIONS in 2017. By living our values, we can move swiftly and ﬁrmly along ourjourney of
S 7 / transformation as a uniﬁed force.
° On behalf of the Board and our employees, I thank you foryour support and conﬁdence.
It is that support that fuels our determination to deliver technology that truly makes the
extraordinary possible.
Sincerely.
ﬁzz/Z W5
WW
Kirill Tatarinov
President & CEO