Our business could be adversely impacted by conditions aﬂecting the information technology market.
The markets for our products and services are characterized by:
0 rapid technological change;
° evolving industry standards;
- ﬂuctuations in customer demand;
° changing customer business models and increasingly sophisticated customer needs; and
- frequent new product and service introductions and enhancements.
The demand for our products and services depends substantially upon the general demand for business-related computer
appliances and software, which ﬂuctuates based on numerous factors, including capital spending levels, the spending levels and
growth of our current and prospective customers, and general economic conditions. Moreover, the purchase of our products and
services is often discretionary and may involve a significant commitment of capital and other resources. US economic
forecasts for the information technology, or IT, sector are uncertain and continue to highlight an industry in transition from
legacy platforms to mobile, cloud, data analytics and social solutions. If our current and prospective customers cut costs, they
may significantly reduce their information technology expenditures. Additionally, if our current and prospective customers shift
their IT spending more rapidly towards newer technologies and solutions as mobile, cloud, data analytics and social platforms
evolve, the demand for our products and services most aligned with legacy platforms (such as our desktop virtualization
products) could decrease. Fluctuations in the demand for our products and services could have a material adverse eﬁect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition.
We face intense competition, which could result in customer loss, fewer customer orders and reduced revenues and margins.
We sell our products and services in intensely competitive markets. Some of our competitors and potential competitors
have significantly greater financial, technical, sales and marketing and other resources than we do. We compete based on our
ability to offer to our customers the most current and desired product and services features. We expect that competition will
continue to be intense, and there is a risk that our competitors’ products may be less costly, more heavily discounted or free,
provide better performance or include additional features when compared to our products. Additionally, there is a risk that our
products may become outdated or that our market share may erode. Further, the announcement of the release, and the actual
release, of new products incorporating similar features to our products could cause our existing and potential customers to
postpone or cancel plans to license certain of our existing and future product and service oﬁerings. Existing or new products
and services that provide alternatives to our products and services could materially impact our ability to compete in these
markets. As the markets for our products and services, especially those products in early stages of development, continue to
develop, additional companies, including companies with significant market presence in the computer hardware, software,
cloud, networking, mobile, data sharing and related industries, could enter, or increase their footprint in, the markets in which
we compete and further intensify competition. In addition, we believe price competition could become a more significant
competitive factor in the future. As a result, we may not be able to maintain our historic prices and margins, which could
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We expect to continue to face additional competition as new participants enter our markets and as our current competitors
seek to increase market share. Further, we may see new and increased competition in different geographic regions. The
generally low barriers to entry in certain of our businesses increase the potential for challenges from new industry competitors,
whether small and medium sized businesses or larger, more established companies. Smaller companies new to our market may
have more ﬂexibility to develop on more agile platforms and have greater ability to adapt their strategies and cost structures,
which may give them a competitive advantage with our current or prospective customers. We may also experience increased
competition from new types of products as the options for Workspace Services, Delivery Networking products and electronic
file sync and sharing solutions increase. Further, as our industry evolves and if our company grows, companies with which we
have strategic alliances may become competitors in other product areas, or our current competitors may enter into new strategic
relationships with new or existing competitors, all of which may further increase the competitive pressures we face.
Potential new product and technology initiatives and transitions to new business models and markets subject as to
additional business, legal and competitive risks.
Returning to growth may require us to introduce new products and services and transition to new business models and
markets. For example, meeting customer demands for cloud-delivered services requires us to develop new products and
distribution models. Our cloud-delivered solutions require continued investment in new operations and business processes, and
may draw resources away from our traditional on—premise solutions. This and other potential new initiatives subject us to
additional risks including:
14