a master distribution agreement), one of which was individually responsible for over 10% of our total net revenues in fiscal
year 2014.
We are not obligated to accept product returns from our distributors under any conditions, unless the product item is
defective in manufacture. See “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” and Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 for information regarding our revenue recognition policy.
International revenues (sales outside the United States) accounted for approximately 40.7% of our net revenues for the
year ended December 31, 2016, 43.1% of our net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 45.2% of our net
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2014. For detailed information on our international revenues, please refer to Note 11
to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016.
Segment Revenue
Our revenues are derived from our Enterprise and Service Provider products, which primarily include Workspace
Services solutions, Delivery Networking products, Cloud Services solutions, and related license updates and maintenance,
support and professional services and from the GoTo Business segment's Communications Cloud and Workﬂow Cloud
products. The Enterprise and Service Provider and the GoTo Business segment constitute our two reportable segments. On
January 31, 2017, we completed the divestiture of the GoTo Business of our wholly-owned subsidiary, GetGo. As such, we are
currently evaluating our segment reporting for 2017 as a result of these changes. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial
statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016.
Operations
For our Delivery Networking products, which include NetScaler ADC, we use independent contractors to provide a
redundant source of manufacture and assembly capabilities. Independent contractors provide us with the ﬂexibility needed to
meet our product quality and delivery requirements. We have manufacturing relationships that we enter into in the ordinary
course of business, primarily with Flextronics under which we have subcontracted the majority of our hardware manufacturing
activity, generally on a purchase order basis. These third-party contract manufacturers also provide final test, warehousing and
shipping services. This subcontracting activity extends from prototypes to full production and includes activities such as
material procurement, final assembly, test, control, shipment to our customers and repairs. Together with our contract
manufacturers, we design, specify and monitor the tests that are required to meet internal and external quality standards. Our
contract manufacturers manufacture our products based on forecasted demand for our products. Each of the contract
manufacturers procures components necessary to assemble the products in our forecast and test the products according to our
specifications. We are dual-sourced on our components, however, in some instances, those sources may be located in the same
geographic area. Accordingly, if a natural disaster occurred in one of those areas, we may need to seek additional sources.
Products are then shipped to our distributors, VARs or end-users. If the products go unsold for specified periods of time, we
may incur carrying charges or obsolete material charges for products ordered to meet our forecast or customer orders. In 2016,
we did not experience any material diﬁiculties or significant delays in the manufacture and assembly of our products.
We control all purchasing, inventory, scheduling, order processing and accounting functions related to our operations. For
our software products, production, warehousing and shipping are performed by our independent contractors HPE, Ireland and
Digital River. Master software, development of user manuals, packaging designs, initial product quality control and testing are
primarily performed at our facilities. In some cases, independent contractors also duplicate master software, print
documentation and package and assemble products to our specifications.
While it is generally our practice to promptly ship product upon receipt of properly finalized purchase orders, we
sometimes have orders that have not shipped upon receipt of a purchase order. Although the amount of such product license
orders may vary, the amount, if any, of such orders at the end of a fiscal year is not material to our business. We do not believe
that backlog, as of any particular date, is a reliable indicator of future performance.
We believe that our fourth quarter revenues and expenses are affected by a number of seasonal factors, including the lapse
of many corporations' fiscal year budgets and an increase in amounts paid pursuant to our sales compensation plans due to
compensation plan accelerators that are often triggered in the fourth quarter. We believe that these seasonal factors are common
within our industry. Such factors historically have resulted in first quarter revenues in any year being lower than the
immediately preceding fourth quarter. We expect this trend to continue through the first quarter of 2017. In addition, our
European operations generally generate lower revenues in the summer months because of the generally reduced economic
activity in Europe during the summer. This seasonal factor also typically results in higher fourth quarter revenues.
1 0