CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
7 Year Ended December 31, 7
: 2016 7 7 2015 2014
Contractual interest expense 7$ 7,187 7 7$ 7,188 $ 4,792 7
Amortization of debt issuance costs 3,863 3,974 2,461
Amortization of debt discount 33,014 32,039 20,832
$ 44,064 $ 43,201 $ 28,085
See Note 5 to the Company's consolidated financial statements for fair value disclosures related to the Company's
Convertible Notes.
Convertible Note Hedge ana1 Warrant Transactions
In connection with the pricing of the Convertible Notes, the Company entered into convertible note hedge transactions
relating to approximately 16.0 million shares of common stock (the "Bond Hedges"), with J PMorgan Chase Bank, National
Association, London Branch; Goldman, Sachs & Co.; Bank of America, NA; and Royal Bank of Canada (the “Option
Counterparties”) and also entered into separate warrant transactions (the "Initial Warrant Transactions") with each of the Option
Counterparties relating to approximately 16.0 million shares of common stock.
The Bond Hedges are generally expected to reduce the potential dilution upon conversion of the Convertible Notes and/or
offset any payments in cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at the Company ’s
election, that the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes upon conversion of
any Convertible Notes, as the case may be, in the event that the market price per share of common stock, as measured under the
terms of the Bond Hedges, is greater than the strike price of the Bond Hedges, which initially corresponds to the conversion
price of the Convertible Notes and is subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the
conversion rate of the Convertible Notes. The Warrant Transactions will separately have a dilutive effect to the extent that the
market value per share of common stock, as measured under the terms of the Warrant Transactions, exceeds the applicable
strike price of the warrants issued pursuant to the Warrant Transactions (the “Warrants”). The initial strike price of the Warrants
is $120.00 per share. The Warrants will expire in ratable portions on a series of expiration dates commencing after the maturity
of the Convertible Notes. The Bond Hedges and Warrants are not marked to market. The value of the Bond Hedges and
Warrants were initially recorded in stockholders' equity and continue to be classiﬁed within stockholders' equity. As of
December 31, 2016, no warrants have been exercised.
Aside from the initial payment of a premium to the Option Counterparties under the Bond Hedges, which amount is
partially offset by the receipt of a premium under the Warrant Transactions, the Company is not required to make any cash
payments to the Option Counterparties under the Bond Hedges and will not receive any proceeds if the Warrants are exercised.
13. CREDIT FACILITY
Effective January 7, 2015, the Company entered into a Credit Facility with a group of financial institutions (the
“Lenders”). The Credit Facility provides for a five year revolving line of credit in the aggregate amount of $250.0 million,
subject to continued covenant compliance. The Company may elect to increase the revolving credit facility by up to $250.0
million if existing or new lenders provide additional revolving commitments in accordance with the terms of the Credit
Agreement. A portion of the revolving line of credit (i) in the aggregate amount of $25.0 million may be available for issuances
of letters of credit and (ii) in the aggregate amount of $10.0 million may be available for swing line loans, as part of, not in
addition to, the aggregate revolving commitments. The Credit Facility bears interest at the LIBOR plus 1.10% and adjusts in
the range of 1.00% to 1.30% above LIBOR based on the ratio of the Company’s total debt to its adjusted earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and certain other items (“EBITDA”) as defined in the agreement. In addition, the
Company is required to pay a quarterly facility fee ranging from 0.125% to 0.20% of the aggregate revolving commitments
under the Credit Facility and based on the ratio of the Company ’s total debt to the Company’s consolidated EBITDA. As of
December 31, 2016, there were no amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility.
The Credit Agreement contains certain financial covenants that require the Company to maintain a consolidated leverage
ratio of not more than 3.5: 1.0 and a consolidated interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.0: 1.0. In addition, the Credit
Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that limit or restrict the ability of the
Company to grant liens, merge, dissolve or consolidate, dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, pay dividends during the
existence of a default under the Credit Agreement, change its business and incur subsidiary indebtedness, in each case subject
to customary exceptions for a credit facility of this size and type. The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of
December 31, 2016.
F-34