offerings, which includes the cost to support the voice and video offerings in the Company's Communications Cloud products.
Also included in Cost of net revenues is amortization of product related intangible assets and impairment of product related
intangible assets.
Foreign Currency
The functional currency for all of the Company’s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries is the US. dollar. Monetary assets
and liabilities of such subsidiaries are remeasured into US. dollars at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date, and
revenues and expenses are remeasured at average rates prevailing during the year. Effective January 1, 2015, the functional
currency of the Company’s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries of its GoTo Business segment became the US. dollar as a result
of a reorganization in the foreign subsidiaries' operations. Prior to January 1, 2015, the functional currency of the Company’s
wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries of its GoTo Business segment was the currency of the country in which each subsidiary is
located. The Company translated assets and liabilities of these foreign subsidiaries at exchange rates in effect at the balance
sheet date and included accumulated net translation adjustments in equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive
loss. The change in functional currency is applied on a prospective basis, therefore any gains and losses that were previously
recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss remain unchanged from January 1, 2015. Foreign currency transaction gains
and losses are the result of exchange rate changes on transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency,
including US. dollars. The remeasurement of those foreign currency transactions is included in determining net income or loss
for the period of exchange. See Note 11 for information on the Company's Enterprise and Service Provider and GoTo Business
segments.
Derivatives and Hedging Activities
In accordance with the authoritative guidance, the Company records derivatives at fair value as either assets or liabilities
on the balance sheet. For derivatives that are designated as and qualify as effective cash ﬂow hedges, the portion of gain or loss
on the derivative instrument eﬁective at offsetting changes in the hedged item is reported as a component of Accumulated other
comprehensive loss and reclassified into earnings as operating expense, net, when the hedged transaction affects earnings.
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments are adjusted to fair value through earnings as Other expense, net, in the
period during which changes in fair value occur. The application of the authoritative guidance could impact the volatility of
earnings.
The Company formally documents all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk-
management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. This process includes attributing all derivatives
that are designated as cash ﬂow hedges to ﬂoating rate assets or liabilities or forecasted transactions. The Company also
formally assesses, both at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, whether each derivative is highly eﬂective in
offsetting changes in cash ﬂows of the hedged item. Fluctuations in the value of the derivative instruments are generally oﬁset
by changes in the hedged item; however, if it is determined that a derivative is not highly effective as a hedge or if a derivative
ceases to be a highly effective hedge, the Company will discontinue hedge accounting prospectively for the affected derivative.
The Company is exposed to risk of default by its hedging counterparties. Although this risk is concentrated among a
limited number of counterparties, the Company’s foreign exchange hedging policy attempts to minimize this risk by placing
limits on the amount of exposure that may exist with any single financial institution at a time.
Pension Liability
The Company provides retirement benefits to certain employees who are not US. based. Generally, benefits under these
programs are based on an employee’s length of service and level of compensation. The majority of these programs are
commonly referred to as termination indemnities, which provide retirement benefits in accordance with programs mandated by
the governments of the countries in which such employees work.
The Company had accrued $13.2 million and $13.8 million for these pension liabilities at December 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Expenses for the programs for 2016, 2015 and 2014 amounted to $2.5 million, $3.8 million and $3.2 million,
respectively.
Advertising Costs
The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. The Company has advertising agreements with, and purchases
advertising from, online media providers to advertise its products. The Company also has cooperative advertising agreements
with certain distributors and resellers whereby the Company will reimburse distributors and resellers for qualified advertising
of Company products. Reimbursement is made once the distributor, reseller or provider provides substantiation of qualiﬁed
expenses. The Company estimates the impact of these expenses and recognizes them at the time of product sales as a reduction
F-14