Research and Development
We focus our research and development efforts on developing new products and core technologies in our core markets
and to further enhancing the functionality, reliability, performance and ﬂexibility of existing products. We solicit extensive
feedback concerning product development from customers, both directly from and indirectly through our channel distributors.
We believe that our software development teams and core technologies represent a significant competitive advantage for
us. Included in the software development teams are individuals focused on research activities that include prototyping ways to
integrate emerging technologies and standards into our product offerings, such as emerging Web services technologies,
management standards and Microsoft's newest technologies. Many groups within the software development teams have
expertise in Extensible Markup Language, or XML, based software development, integration of acquired technology, multi-tier
Web-based application development and deployment, SSL secure access, hypervisor technologies, cloud technologies,
networking technologies, VoIP-based audio technology, Web-based Video technology and building SaaS. We incurred research
and development expenses of approximately $489.3 million in 2016, $564.0 million in 2015 and $553.8 million in 2014.
Sales, Marketing and Services
We market and license our products and services through multiple channels worldwide, including selling through resellers
and direct over the Web. Our partner community comprises thousands of value-added resellers known as Citrix Solution
Advisers, VADs, cloud service providers, SIs, ISVs and OEMs. Distribution channels are managed by our worldwide sales and
services organization. Partners receive training and certification opportunities to support our portfolio of products, solutions
and services. In addition, the GoTo Business segment provided our collaboration and data sharing offerings through direct
corporate sales, our partner community, and direct through our websites.
We reward our partners that provide sales expertise, services delivery, customer education, technical implementation and
support of the Citrix portfolio of products through our Citrix Advisor Rewards program. We continue to focus on increasing the
productivity of our existing partners, and building capacity through targeted recruitment, introducing programs to increase
partner mindshare, limit channel conﬂict and increase partner loyalty to us.
As we lead with the cloud, we have been cultivating a global base of partners within the Citrix Service Provider
program. These partners, consisting of managed service providers, IT hosting companies and telcos, license our desktop,
application, networking and enterprise mobility management products on a monthly subscription basis. With these technologies
partners then create various vertically differentiated offers of their own, consisting of cloud-hosted applications and cloud-
hosted desktops, which they then resell both to SMBs and to enterprise IT. Besides supplying technology, we are actively
engaged in assisting these partners develop their hosted businesses either within their data centers or leveraging public cloud
infrastructure by supplying business and marketing assistance.
For all of our channels, we regularly take actions to improve the effectiveness of our partner programs and further
strengthen our channel relationships through management of non-performing partners, recruitment of partners with expertise in
selling into new markets and forming additional strategic global and national partnerships. Engagement with SIs and ISVs
continues to be a substantial part of our strategic roadmap within large enterprise and government markets. Our integrator
partnerships include organizations such as Accenture, Capgemini, Computer Sciences Corporation, Dimension Data, HPE,
Fujitsu, IBM Global Services, and Wipro, among others. Computer Sciences Corporation, Fujitsu, HPE, IBM and Wipro all
deliver offerings powered by the Citrix Workspace Suite. The ISV program maintains a strong representation across targeted
industry verticals including healthcare, financial services and telecommunications. Members in the ISV program include
Allscripts, Cemer Corporation, Epic Systems Corporation, McKesson Corporation, and Siemens Medical Health Solutions,
among several others.
Our corporate marketing organization provides sales and industry event support, demand generation, Web and social
marketing, sales tools and collateral, advertising, direct mail, industry analyst relations and public relations coverage to our
indirect channels to aid in market development and in attracting new customers. Our partner development organization actively
supports our partners to improve their commitment and capabilities with Citrix solutions. Our customer sales organization
consists of field-based sales engineers and corporate sales professionals who work directly with our largest customers, and
coordinate integration services provided by our partners. Additional sales personnel, working in central locations and in the
field, provide support including recruitment of prospective partners and technical training with respect to our products.
In fiscal years 2016 and 2015, there were no individual customers that accounted for over 10% of our total net revenues.
In fiscal year 2014, one distributor, Ingram Micro, accounted for 13% of our total net revenues. Our distributor arrangements
with Ingram Micro consist of several non-exclusive, independently negotiated agreements with its subsidiaries, each of which
covers different countries or regions. Each agreement is negotiated separately and is independent of any other contract (such as
9