CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
to achieving technological feasibility have not been significant and substantially all software development costs have been
expensed as incurred.
Internal Use Sofnvare
In accordance with the authoritative guidance, the Company capitalizes external direct costs of materials and services and
internal costs such as payroll and benefits of those employees directly associated with the development of new functionality in
internal use software. The amount of costs capitalized in 2016 and 2015 relating to internal use software was $36.2 million and
$46.2 million, respectively. These costs are being amortized over the estimated useful life of the software, which is generally
three to seven years, and are included in property and equipment in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The total
amounts charged to expense relating to internal use software was approximately $49.6 million, $44.6 million and $37.3 million,
during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
The Company capitalized costs related to internally developed computer software to be sold as a service related to its
Cloud Services products and GoTo Business oﬁerings, incurred during the application development stage, of $48.6 million and
$47.7 million, during the years ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and is amortizing these costs
over the expected lives of the related services, which is generally two years, and are included in property and equipment in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The total amounts charged to expense relating to internally developed computer
software to be sold as a service was approximately $43.9 million, $37.2 million and $29.5 million, during the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Revenue Recognition
Net revenues include the following categories: Product and licenses, SaaS, License updates and maintenance and
Professional services. Product and licenses revenues primarily represent fees related to the licensing of the Company’s software
and hardware appliances. These revenues are reﬂected net of sales allowances, cooperative advertising agreements, partner
incentive programs and provisions for returns. SaaS revenues consist primarily of fees related to online service agreements,
which are recognized ratably over the contract term, which is typically 12 months. In addition, SaaS revenues may also include
set-up fees, which are recognized ratably over the contract term or the expected customer life, whichever is longer. License
updates and maintenance revenues consist of fees related to the Subscription Advantage program and maintenance fees, which
include technical support and hardware and software maintenance. Subscription Advantage and maintenance fees are
recognized ratably over the term of the contract, which is typically 12 to 24 months. The Company capitalizes certain third-
party commissions related to Subscription Advantage, maintenance and support renewals. The capitalized commissions are
amortized to Sales, marketing and services expense at the time the related deferred revenue is recognized as revenue. Hardware
and software maintenance and support contracts are typically sold separately. Hardware maintenance includes technical
support, the latest software upgrades when and if they become available, and replacement of malfunctioning appliances.
Dedicated account management is available as an add-on to the program for a higher level of service. Software maintenance,
including the new Customer Success Services, includes unlimited technical support, immediate access to software upgrades,
enhancements and maintenance releases when and if they become available during the term of the contract and configuration
and installation support along with acceleration and automation tools. Professional services revenues are comprised of fees
from consulting services related to the implementation of the Company’s products and fees from product training and
certification, which are recognized as the services are provided.
The Company recognizes revenue when it is earned and when all of the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence
of the arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred or the service has been provided and the Company has no remaining
obligations; (3) the fee is fixed or determinable; and (4) collectability is probable.
The majority of the Company’s product and license revenue consists of revenue from the sale of software products.
Software sales generally include a perpetual license to the Company’s software and is subject to the industry speciﬁc software
revenue recognition guidance. In accordance with this guidance, the Company allocates revenue to license updates related to its
stand-alone software and any other undelivered elements of the arrangement based on vendor specific objective evidence
(“VSOE”) of fair value of each element and such amounts are deferred until the applicable delivery criteria and other revenue
recognition criteria described above have been met. The balance of the revenues, net of any discounts inherent in the
arrangement, is recognized at the outset of the arrangement using the residual method as the product licenses are delivered. If
management cannot objectively determine the fair value of each undelivered element based on VSOE of fair value, revenue
recognition is deferred until all elements are delivered, all services have been performed, or until fair value can be objectively
determined.
For hardware appliance and software transactions, the arrangement consideration is allocated to stand-alone software
deliverables as a group and the non-software deliverables based on the relative selling prices using the selling price hierarchy in
F-12