0 regional data privacy laws that apply to the transmission of our customers” data across international borders;
0 health or similar issues such as pandemic or epidemic;
- difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;
0 longer accounts receivable payment cycles;
0 potentially adverse tax consequences;
- difficulties in enforcing and protecting intellectual property rights;
0 violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act by acts of agents or other intermediaries;
° burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws; and
° as we generate cash ﬂow in non—US. jurisdictions, if required, we may experience difficulty transferring such
funds to the US. in a tax efficient manner.
Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and address these risks. We cannot guarantee that these or other
factors will not adversely affect our business or results of operations.
We rely on indirect distribution channels and major distributors that we do not control.
We rely significantly on independent distributors and resellers to market and distribute our products and services. Our
distributors generally sell through resellers. Our distributor and reseller base is relatively concentrated. We maintain and
periodically revise our sales incentive programs for our independent distributors and resellers, and such program revisions may
adversely impact our results of operations. Our competitors may in some cases be effective in providing incentives to current or
potential distributors and resellers to favor their products or to prevent or reduce sales of our products. The loss of or reduction
in sales to our distributors or resellers could materially reduce our revenues. Further, we could maintain individually significant
accounts receivable balances with certain distributors. The financial condition of our distributors could deteriorate and
distributors could significantly delay or default on their payment obligations. Any significant delays, defaults or terminations
could have a material adverse eﬁect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We are in the process of diversifying our base of channel relationships by adding and training more channel partners with
abilities to reach larger enterprise customers and additional mid-market customers and to sell our newer products and services.
We are also in the process of building relationships with new types of channel partners, such as systems integrators and service
providers. In addition to this diversification of our partner base, we will need to maintain a healthy mix of channel members
who service smaller customers. We may need to add and remove distribution partners to maintain customer satisfaction and a
steady adoption rate of our products, which could increase our operating expenses. Through our Citrix Partner Network and
other programs, we are currently investing, and intend to continue to invest, significant resources to develop these channels,
which could reduce our results from operations if such channels do not result in increased revenues.
Our Delivery Networking business could suﬂer if there are any interruptions or delays in the supply of hardware or
hardware components from our third-party sources.
We rely on a concentrated number of third-party suppliers, who provide hardware or hardware components for our
Delivery Networking products, and contract manufacturers. If we are required to change suppliers, there could be a delay in the
supply of our hardware or hardware components and our ability to meet the demands of our customers could be adversely
affected, which could cause the loss of Delivery Networking sales and existing or potential customers and delayed revenue
recognition and adversely affect our results of operations. While we have not, to date, experienced any material difficulties or
delays in the manufacture and assembly of our Delivery Networking products, our suppliers may encounter problems during
manufacturing due to a variety of reasons, including failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, failure to comply with
applicable regulations, or the need to implement costly or time-consuming protocols to comply with applicable regulations
(including regulations related to conﬂict minerals), equipment malfunction, natural disasters and environmental factors, any of
which could delay or impede their ability to meet our demand.
We are exposed to ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely aﬂect our future operating
results.
Our results of operations are subject to ﬂuctuations in exchange rates, which could adversely affect our future revenue
and overall operating results. In order to minimize volatility in earnings associated with ﬂuctuations in the value of foreign
currency relative to the US. dollar, we use financial instruments to hedge our exposure to foreign currencies as we deem
appropriate for a portion of our expenses, which are denominated in the local currency of our foreign subsidiaries. We generally
initiate our hedging of currency exchange risks one year in advance of anticipated foreign currency expenses for those
currencies to which we have the greatest exposure. When the dollar is weak, foreign currency denominated expenses will be
higher, and these higher expenses will be partially offset by the gains realized from our hedging contracts. If the dollar is
strong, foreign currency denominated expenses will be lower. These lower expenses will in turn be partially offset by the losses
1 9