Annual Report 2016 Citrix Systems, Inc.
Io our shareholders
\; k; ,
customers and artnnrs
c , p c .
Looking back on 2016, I am incredibly proud of what Citrix accomplished. Itwas a year of
signiﬁcanttransformation for our company. We sharpened our vision, renewed ourfocus
on our core strategy, and built a strong foundation that will propel our success in the future.
We set forth on ourjourney to the cloud, sharing ourvision that will shape the way
we move forward. We announced our new mission to power a world where people,
organizations, and things are securely connected and easily accessible, so our customers
can make the extraordinary possible. And we laid out our strategy to achieve that mission:
We will build the world’s best—integrated technology services for the secure delivery of
apps and data, anytime, anywhere, on any network— all as a service from the Citrix Cloud.
At Citrix Synergy 2016 — our annual customer conference —we announced our renewed
strategic partnership with Microsoft— an effortthat has already seen mutual customer
wins, deepened strategic alignment across our product and sales organizations, and
integrations that position Citrix as a leaderfor the secure delivery of Microsoft apps and
desktops. As the virtualization leader that can support the largest number of unique
scenarios within the Microsoft platform, we see Citrix as a strong beneﬁciary moving
forward ofan expected increase in the pace ofadoption of Windows 10 in the enterprise.
“Overall, we delivered In 2016, we rapidly increased the pace of our innovation. We focused on end—user
Strong results in 2016, productIVIty, unmatched performance and scalability of our products and solutions,
and the overall end—to—end customer experience. And we pushed toward a cloud—ﬁrst
and creatEd a foundation development mindset that will allow us to continue this trend.
that will enable us _ _ i _ i _
, , We have also made Signiﬁcant progress in advanCing Citrix culture. We looked to our
to dellver SUStamEd people and empowered them to drive change. We unveiled the new Citrix core enduring
proﬁtable growth in values, keeping those values of Integrity and Respectthat have always made Citrix great,
2017 and beyond.” but adding the values of Curiosity, Courage and Unity to remind ourselves to never stop
learning, to be bold in the pursuit of our dreams, and to know that we can only win when
we work together.
Kirill Tatarinov I I _ I I i i I i I
PreSIdent& CEO Demonstrating the value of Unity and truly IiVing it, we tranSItioned Citrixto a functional
business structure, unifying our business units into one cohesive organization. These
\—7\ changes enable us to move faster, act as a single, powerful force and execute as one
company. In the same spirit, in July 2016 we announced the now—completed separation
of our GoTo Business and its merger with LogI\/IeIn. While this transaction and the
reorganization of ourteams required signiﬁcant effort in 2016, it sets us up to execute in
2017 as an agile and focused company.
2016 Business Performance
Our results for the year demonstrated that our efforts were resonating in the market. We
grew our revenue to $3.42 billion, up 4% year overyear. As a result of global leadership
changes, we had positive momentum in all geographies. And we saw renewed momentum
in Workspace Services, with the last three quarters of 2016 showing continuous growth.