Technology
Our products are based on a full range of core proprietary technologies and certain industry-standard open source
technologies.
° Citrix HDX Technologies is a family of innovations that optimize the end-to-end user experience in virtual desktop and
virtual application environments. These technologies incorporate our ICA protocol, which consists of server— and
client-side technology that allows graphical user interfaces to be transmitted securely over any network, and includes
optimizations for multimedia, unified communications, high-end graphics and mobile networks which work together
to provide a high-definition user experience across a wide array of applications, devices and networks.
- NetScaler nCore Technology is an architecture that enables execution of multiple packet engines in parallel. nCore
technology allows the distribution of packet ﬂows across multiple central processing unit cores to achieve efficient,
high-performance parallel processing across multiple packet engines. The architecture incorporates innovations in
ﬂow distribution and state sharing and provides for efficient execution across packet engines.
- XenMobile is our foundational technology that delivers a holistic mobile computing platform for enterprises. Its main
components include MDM, MAM, MCM, UEM, end-to-end security and a set of mobile productivity apps including
secure email, corporate app store, Web browsing, data sharing, secure note taking and document editing on a host of
mobile platforms including iOS, Android and Windows mobile.
° GoTo Business Technologies included our Internet Overlay Platform, our PSTN/VoIP Bridge and HDFaces that
provides screen-sharing technology, seamless integration of Public Switched Telephone Network/Voice over Internet
Protocol, or PSTN/VoIP, in products that use our audio conferencing and high—definition video conferencing over the
public Internet, respectively. The GoTo Business technologies are part of the separation of the GoTo Business subject
to limited licenses for certain continued use.
Innovation is a core Citrix competency. We have many additional unique innovations that are important enablers of our
continued leadership in application virtualization, VDI and networking.
Customers
We believe that the primary IT buyers involved in decision-making related to our solutions are the following:
- Strategic IT Executives including chief information officers, chief technology officers, chief information security
officers and vice presidents of infrastructure, who have responsibility for ensuring that IT services are enablers to
business initiatives and are delivered with the best performance, availability, security and cost.
- Desktop Operations Managers who are responsible for managing Windows Desktop environments including corporate
help desks.
- IT Infrastructure Managers who are responsible for managing and delivering Windows-based applications.
- Directors of Messaging and Mobility, who are, respectively, responsible for Exchange and defining mobile strategies
and solutions for securing and managing mobile devices including their content and applications.
- Network Architects who are responsible for delivering Web-based applications who have primary responsibility for
the WAN infrastructure for all applications.
° Server Operations Managers who are responsible for specifying datacenter systems and managing daily operations.
- Individuals and prosumers, who are responsible for choosing personal solutions and helping small businesses select
simple-to-use computing solutions.
° Small business owners who are responsible for choosing the systems needed to support their business goals, such as
SaaS.
- Line of business and functional executives that determine the need for the GoTo Business offerings at certain
enterprises.
- Chief technology officer and engineering department (managers, architects, etc.) for telecommunications service
providers.
- Chief information oﬁicer and engineering departments within service providers, using our products to deliver desktops
and applications as hosted cloud services.
The IT buyers for our products include a wide variety of industries including those in financial services, technology, healthcare,
education, government and telecom.
We offer perpetual and term-based software licenses for our products, along with annual subscriptions for software
updates, technical support and SaaS. Perpetual licenses allow our customers to use the version of software initially purchased
into perpetuity, while term-based licenses are limited to a specified period of time. Software update subscriptions give
customers the right to upgrade to new software versions if and when any updates are delivered during the subscription term.
7