CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
3. ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES
2016 Business Combination
On September 7, 2016, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding securities of a privately held company.
The acquisition provides a software solution that cuts the cost of desktop and application Virtualization and delivers workspace
performance by accelerating desktop logon and application response times for any Microsoft Windows-based environment. The
acquired company became part of the Company’s Enterprise and Service Provider segment. The total cash consideration for
this transaction was approximately $11.5 million, net of $0.8 million cash acquired. Transaction costs of $0.4 million are
presented within General and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The assets
related to this acquisition relate primarily to $8.2 million of product technology identifiable intangible assets with a 4 year life
and goodwill of $4.7 million.
201 6 Asset Acquisition
On January 8, 2016, the Company acquired certain monitoring technology assets from a privately-held company for total
cash consideration of $23.6 million. The acquisition provides a monitoring solution for Citrix's products as it relates to
Microsoft Windows applications and desktop delivery. The identifiable intangible assets acquired related primarily to product
technologies.
2016 Divestiture
On February 29, 2016, the Company sold its CloudPlatform and CloudPortal Business Manager products to Persistent
Telecom Solutions, Inc. The agreement included contingent consideration in the form of an earnout provision based on revenue
for a period of five years following the closing date. Any income associated with the contingent consideration will be
recognized if the earnout provisions are met. No earnout provisions were met during the year ended December 31, 2016.
2015 Acquisitions
Sanbolic
On January 8, 2015, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding securities of Sanbolic, Inc. (“Sanbolic”). The
Company expected the Sanbolic technology would reduce the complexity of Microsoft Windows application delivery and
desktop Virtualization deployments. Sanbolic became part of the Company's Enterprise and Service Provider segment. The total
cash consideration for this transaction was approximately $89.4 million, net of $0.2 million cash acquired. Transaction costs
associated with the acquisition were $0.5 million, of which the Company expensed $0.3 million during the year ended
December 31, 2015, and are included in General and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of
income. In addition, in connection with the acquisition, the Company assumed non-vested stock units which were converted
into the right to receive, in the aggregate, up to 37,057 shares of the Company's common stock, for which the vesting period
began on the closing of the transaction. During the fourth quarter of 2015, management performed a comprehensive operational
review which included an evaluation of all of the Company's products. In connection with this review, management determined
that the Sanbolic technology was a non-core solution and that the related product offerings will no longer be developed. As a
result, the Company impaired the remaining carrying value of the intangible assets related to this acquisition in the fourth
quarter of 2015.
Grasshopper
On May 18, 2015, the Company acquired all of the membership interests of Grasshopper Group, LLC (“Grasshopper”), a
leading provider of cloud-based phone solutions for small businesses. With the acquisition, the Company will expand its
breadth of communication and collaboration solutions for small businesses, including GoToMeeting, GoToTraining,
GoToWebinar and OpenVoice. Grasshopper became part of the GoTo Business segment. Total cash consideration for this
transaction was approximately $161.5 million, net of $3.6 million cash acquired. Transaction costs associated with the
acquisition were $0.3 million, all of which the Company expensed during the year ended December 31, 2015 and are included
in General and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. In addition, in connection with
the acquisition, the Company assumed non-vested stock units which were converted into the right to receive, in the aggregate,
up to 105,765 shares of the Company's common stock, for which the vesting period commenced on the closing of the
transaction.
F-16