Revenue Recognition
We recognize revenue when it is earned and when all of the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of the
arrangement exists; delivery has occurred or the service has been provided and we have no remaining obligations; the fee is
fixed or determinable; and collectability is probable. We define these four criteria as follows:
- Persuasive evidence of the arrangement exists. Evidence of an arrangement generally consists of a purchase order
issued pursuant to the terms and conditions of a distributor, reseller or end user agreement. For SaaS, we generally
require the customer or the reseller to electronically accept the terms of an online services agreement or execute a
contract.
0 Delivery has occurred and we have no remaining obligations. We consider delivery of licenses under electronic
licensing agreements to have occurred when the related products are shipped and the end-user has been electronically
provided the software activation keys that allow the end-user to take immediate possession of the product. For
hardware appliance sales, our standard delivery method is free-on—board shipping point. Consequently, we consider
delivery of appliances to have occurred when the products are shipped pursuant to an agreement and purchase order.
For SaaS, delivery occurs upon providing the users with their login id and password. For product training and
consulting services, we fulfill our obligation when the services are performed. For license updates and maintenance,
we assume that our obligation is satisfied ratably over the respective terms of the agreements, which are typically 12
to 24 months. For SaaS, we assume that our obligation is satisfied ratably over the respective terms of the
agreements, which are typically 12 months.
0 The fee is ﬁxed or determinable. In the normal course of business, we do not provide customers with the right to a
refund of any portion of their license fees or extended payment terms. The fees are considered fixed or determinable
upon establishment of an arrangement that contains the final terms of the sale including description, quantity and
price of each product or service purchased. For SaaS, the fee is considered fixed or determinable if it is not subject to
refund or adjustment.
° Collectability is probable. We assess collectability based primarily on the creditworthiness of the customer.
Management’s judgment is required in assessing the probability of collection, which is generally based on an
evaluation of customer specific information, historical experience and economic market conditions. If we determine
from the outset of an arrangement that collectability is not probable, revenue recognition is deferred until customer
payment is received and the other parameters of revenue recognition described above have been achieved.
The majority of our product and license revenue consists of revenue from the sale of software products. Software sales
generally include a perpetual license to our software and are subject to the industry specific software revenue recognition
guidance. In accordance with this guidance, we allocate revenue to license updates related to our software and any other
undelivered elements of the arrangement based on VSOE of fair value of each element and such amounts are deferred until the
applicable delivery criteria and other revenue recognition criteria described above have been met. The balance of the revenues,
net of any discounts inherent in the arrangement, is recognized at the outset of the arrangement using the residual method as the
product licenses are delivered. If management cannot objectively determine the fair value of each undelivered element based on
VSOE of fair value, revenue recognition is deferred until all elements are delivered, all services have been performed, or until
fair value can be objectively determined. We also make certain judgments to record estimated reductions to revenue for
customer programs and incentive offerings including volume-based incentives, at the time sales are recorded.
For hardware appliance and software transactions, the arrangement consideration is allocated to stand-alone software
deliverables as a group and the non-software deliverables based on the relative selling prices of using the selling price hierarchy
in the revenue recognition guidance. The selling price hierarchy for a deliverable is based on its VSOE if available, third-party
evidence, or TPE, if VSOE is not available, or estimated selling price if neither VSOE nor TPE is available. We then recognize
revenue on each deliverable in accordance with our policies for product and service revenue recognition. VSOE of selling price
is based on the price charged when the element is sold separately. In determining VSOE, we require that a substantial majority
of the selling prices fall within a reasonable range based on historical discounting trends for specific products and services. TPE
of selling price is established by evaluating competitor products or services in stand-alone sales to similarly situated customers.
However, as our products contain a significant element of proprietary technology and our solutions offer substantially different
features and functionality, the comparable pricing of products with similar functionality typically cannot be obtained.
Additionally, as we are unable to reliably determine what competitors products” selling prices are on a stand-alone basis, we are
not typically able to determine TPE. The estimate of selling price is established considering multiple factors including, but not
limited to, pricing practices in different geographies and through different sales channels and competitor pricing strategies.
For our non-software transactions, we allocate the arrangement consideration based on the relative selling price of the
deliverables. For our hardware appliances, we use ESP as our selling price. For our support and services, we generally use
33