We and one or more of our subsidiaries are subject to federal income taxes in the United States, as well as income taxes of
multiple state and foreign jurisdictions. We are currently not subject to a US. federal income tax examination. With few
exceptions, we are no longer subject to US, federal, state and local, or non—US. income tax examinations by tax authorities for
years prior to 2013.
In the ordinary course of global business, there are transactions for which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain; thus
judgment is required in determining the worldwide provision for income taxes. We provide for income taxes on transactions
based on our estimate of the probable liability. We adjust our provision as appropriate for changes that impact our underlying
judgments. Changes that impact provision estimates include such items as jurisdictional interpretations on tax filing positions
based on the results of tax audits and general tax authority rulings. Due to the evolving nature of tax rules combined with the
large number of jurisdictions in which we operate, it is possible that our estimates of our tax liability and the realizability of our
deferred tax assets could change in the ﬂlture, which may result in additional tax liabilities and adversely aﬁect our results of
operations, financial condition and cash ﬂows.
As of December 31, 2016, we had approximately $249.8 million in net deferred tax assets. The authoritative guidance
requires a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if, based on the weight of the evidence, it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We review deferred tax assets periodically
for recoverability and make estimates and judgments regarding the expected geographic sources of taxable income and gains
from investments, as well as tax planning strategies in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. As of December 31, 2016,
we determined that a $14.2 million valuation allowance relating to deferred tax assets for net operating losses and tax credits
was necessary. If the estimates and assumptions used in our determination change in the future, we could be required to revise
our estimates of the valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets and adjust our provisions for additional income taxes.
We currently expect our eﬁective tax rate to increase in 2017 as compared to 2016 due to the separation of the GoTo
Business. See Note 18 for more information on the separation of the GoTo Business.
Our effective tax rate generally differs from the US. federal statutory rate of 35% due primarily to lower tax rates on
earnings generated by our foreign operations that are taxed primarily in Switzerland. We have not provided for US. taxes for
those earnings because we plan to reinvest all of those earnings indefinitely outside the United States. From time to time, there
may be other items that impact the tax rate, such as the items specific to the current period discussed above.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
During 2016, we generated operating cash ﬂows of $1.12 billion. These operating cash ﬂows related primarily to net
income of $536.1 million, adjusted for, among other things, non-cash charges, depreciation and amortization expenses of
$249.0 million and stock-based compensation expense of $184.8 million. Also contributing to these cash inﬂows was a change
in operating assets and liabilities of $149.1 million, net of effects of acquisitions. The change in our net operating assets and
liabilities was primarily a result of changes in deferred revenue of $144.4 million, and changes in income taxes, net of $49.8
million mostly due to a decrease in prepaid taxes and an increase in income taxes payable. These inﬂows are partially offset by
an outﬂow in accounts receivable of $60.6 million driven by an increase in the receivable balance due to higher bookings. Our
investing activities used $484.2 million of cash consisting primarily of cash paid for net purchases of investments of $311.6
million, cash paid for the purchase of property and equipment of $134.2 million, cash paid for licensing agreements and
technology of $26.3 million, and cash paid for acquisitions of $13.2 million. Our financing activities used cash of $38.0 million
primarily due to cash paid for tax withholding on vested stock awards of $66.6 million and stock repurchases of $28.7 million.
This financing cash outﬂow was partially offset by proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock-
based compensation plans of $41 .2 million and excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation $16.0 million.
During 2015, we generated operating cash ﬂows of $1.03 billion. These operating cash ﬂows related primarily to net
income of $319.4 million, adjusted for, among other things, non-cash charges including depreciation, amortization and
impairment expenses of $392.9 million and stock-based compensation expense of $147.4 million. Also contributing to these
cash inﬂows was a change in operating assets and liabilities of $212.0 million, net of eﬁects of acquisitions. The change in our
net operating assets and liabilities was primarily a result of changes in deferred revenue of $107.2 million, changes in income
taxes, net of $52.0 million mostly due to a decrease in prepaid taxes, and changes in accrued expenses and other liabilities
$49.6 million. Our investing activities used $224.4 million of cash consisting primarily of cash paid for acquisitions of $256.9
million and cash paid for the purchase of property and equipment of $160.8 million. This investing outﬂow was partially offset
by net proceeds from investments of $199.5 million. Our financing activities used cash of $691.5 million primarily due to stock
repurchases of $755.7 million and cash paid for tax withholding on vested stock awards of $46.3 million. This financing cash
outﬂow was partially oﬁset by proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock-based compensation
plans of $112.3 million.
46