CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Operating Sublease
Leases "‘ Income
: (In thdusands) :
Years ending December 31,
2017 $ 55,097 $ 218
2018 48,952 204
2019 46,934 —
2020 39,959 —
2021 35,035 —
Thereafter 141,659 —
Total $ 367,636 $ 422
* Citrix will remain liable to the lessor for the duration of certain GoTo Business leases of approximately $6.8 million.
The future operating lease obligation in the table above excludes approximately $16.6 million related to the GoTo
Business, since Citrix completed the separation of the GoTo Business on January 31, 2017.
Liabilities for Loss on Lease Obligations
The Company recognizes liabilities for costs that will continue to be incurred under operating lease obligations for their
remaining terms without economic beneﬁt to the Company. The liabilities are measured and recorded at their fair values as of
the cease-use date (the date the Company vacates the leased space and no longer derives economic benefit from the leases). The
liabilities are included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities and Other long-term liabilities in the consolidated
balance sheets and the related expense is included in Restructuring expenses in the consolidated statements of income.
The fair values of the liabilities are determined by discounting certain future cash ﬂows related to the leases using a
credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate as of the cease-use date (Level 3). The future cash ﬂows that are discounted include the
remaining base rentals due under the leases, reduced by the estimated sublease rentals that could be reasonably obtained for the
properties even if the Company has no intention to enter into a sublease. The estimate of sublease rentals may change, which
would require future changes to the liabilities for loss on lease obligations.
As of December 31, 2016, the Company's liabilities for loss on lease obligations total approximately $38.1 million, of
which approximately $33.2 million relates to the Company's Santa Clara Office. The calculation of these liabilities requires
judgment in estimating the timing of securing subleases for the vacant space, as well as the terms of possible subleases,
including the length of the sublease periods, sublease rentals, rent concessions and other tenant incentives. While the Company
believes that the assumptions used in the calculation of these liabilities are reasonable, due to the inherent uncertainties related
to such assumptions, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to secure such subleases within the timing
assumed in its calculations, or at all, and with terms consistent with the assumptions used. In the Company's Santa Clara office,
if the price per square foot assumption were to change by $0.50, it would impact the estimate of sublease rentals, which would
result in a change of $8.6 million to the liabilities for loss on lease obligation.
Legal Matters
The Company accrues a liability for legal contingencies when it believes that it is both probable that a liability has been
incurred and that it can reasonably estimate the amount of the loss. The Company reviews these accruals and adjusts them to
reﬂect ongoing negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel and other relevant information. To the extent new
information is obtained and the Company's views on the probable outcomes of claims, suits, assessments, investigations or legal
proceedings change, changes in the Company's accrued liabilities would be recorded in the period in which such determination
is made. For the Other Matters referenced below, the amount of liability is not probable or the amount cannot be reasonably
estimated; and, therefore, accruals have not been made. In addition, in accordance with the relevant authoritative guidance, for
matters in which the likelihood of material loss is at least reasonably possible, the Company provides disclosure of the possible
loss or range of loss. If a reasonable estimate cannot be made, however, the Company will provide disclosure to that effect.
Due to the nature of the Company's business, the Company is subject to patent infringement claims, including current
suits against it or one or more of its wholly-owned subsidiaries alleging infringement by various Company products and
services. The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to the allegations made in its pending cases and intends to
vigorously defend these lawsuits; however, it is unable currently to determine the ultimate outcome of these or similar matters
or the potential exposure to loss, if any. In addition, the Company is a defendant in various litigation matters generally arising
out of the normal course of business. Although it is difficult to predict the ultimate outcomes of these cases, the Company
F-26