ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
Our operating results and financial condition have varied in the past and could in the future vary significantly depending
on a number of factors. From time to time, information provided by us or statements made by our employees contain “forward-
looking” information that involves risks and uncertainties. In particular, statements contained in this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, and in the documents incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, that are not historical facts, including, but not limited to, statements concerning
new products, product development and offerings of products and services, market positioning, distribution and sales channels,
our partners and other strategic or technology relationships, financial information and results of operations for future periods,
product and price competition, strategy, operational and growth initiatives, seasonal factors, natural disasters, stock-based
compensation, licensing and subscription renewal programs, international operations and expansion, investment transactions
and valuations of investments and derivative instruments, reinvestment or repatriation of foreign earnings, ﬂuctuations in
foreign exchange rates, tax matters, acquisitions, stock repurchases, our debt, changes in accounting rules or guidance, changes
in domestic and foreign economic conditions, delays or reductions in technology purchases, liquidity, litigation matters and
intellectual property matters, constitute forward-looking statements and are made under the safe harbor provisions of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
These statements are neither promises nor guarantees. Our actual results of operations and financial condition could vary
materially from those stated in any forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results
to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2016, in the documents incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or presented
elsewhere by our management from time to time. Such factors, among others, could have a material adverse effect upon our
business, results of operations and financial condition. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements, which only speak as of the date made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to
reﬂect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made.
RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY
A significant portion of our revenues has historically come from ourApplication Virtualization and VDI solutions, and
decreases in sales for certain of these products could adversely aﬂect our results of operations and ﬁnancial condition
A significant portion of our revenues has historically come from our Application Virtualization and VDI solutions. We
continue to anticipate that sales of our Application Virtualization and VDI solutions and related enhancements and upgrades
will constitute a majority of our revenue for the foreseeable future; and with the completion of the spinoﬁ of the GoTo
Business, our business will be further dependent upon sales of these products. Declines and variability in sales of certain of our
Application Virtualization and VDI solutions could occur as a result of:
0 new competitive product releases and updates to existing products, especially cloud-based products;
0 industry trend to focus on the secure delivery of applications on mobile devices;
- introduction of new or alternative technologies, products or service offerings by third parties;
- termination or reduction of our product offerings and enhancements;
° potential market saturation;
- failure to enter new markets;
0 price and product competition resulting from rapid and frequent technological changes and customer needs;
0 general economic conditions;
° complexities and cost in implementation;
0 failure to deliver satisfactory technical support;
0 dissatisfied customers; or
0 lack of commercial success of our technology relationships.
In addition, we have experienced increased competition in the Application Virtualization and VDI business from directly
competing products, alternative products and products on new platforms. For example, Amazon Web Services provides
Amazon WorkSpaces and VMWare provides Horizon, both of which compete with our XenApp product oﬁerings. Also, there
continues to be an increase in the number of alternatives to Windows operating system powered desktops, in particular mobile
devices such as smartphones and tablet computers. Users may increasingly turn to these devices to perform functions that
would have been traditionally performed on desktops and laptops, which in turn may reduce the market for our Application
Virtualization and VDI solutions. Further, increased use of certain SaaS applications may result in customers relying less on
Windows applications. If sales of our Application Virtualization and VDI solutions decline as a result of these or other factors,
our revenue would decrease and our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. In addition,
modifications to certain of our Application Virtualization and VDI solutions may cause variability in our Application
Virtualization and VDI revenue, and make it difficult to predict our revenue growth and trends, as our customers adjust their
purchasing decisions in response to such events.
1 3