VSOE as our selling price. When we are unable to establish selling price using VSOE for our support and services, we use ESP
in our allocation of arrangement consideration.
The GoTo Business and Cloud Services products are considered hosted service arrangements per the authoritative
guidance; accordingly, fees related to online service agreements are recognized ratably over the contract term. In addition, SaaS
revenues may also include set-up fees, which are recognized ratably over the contract term or the expected customer life,
whichever is longer. Generally, GoTo Business products were sold separately and not bundled with Enterprise and Service
Provider products and services. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-
K for the year ended December 31, 2016 for further information on our revenue recognition.
Valuation and Classification of Investments
The authoritative guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). Our available-for-sale
investments are measured to fair value on a recurring basis. In addition, we hold investments that are accounted for based on
the cost method. These investments are periodically reviewed for impairment and when indicators of impairment exist, are
measured to fair value as appropriate on a non-recurring basis. In determining the fair value of our investments we are
sometimes required to use various alternative valuation techniques. The authoritative guidance establishes a hierarchy for
inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs
by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available.
The authoritative guidance establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair
value as follows: Level 1, observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, Level 2,
inputs, other than quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly, and Level 3, unobservable
inputs in which there is little or no market data, which requires us to develop our own assumptions. Observable inputs are those
that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability that are based on market data obtained from independent
sources, such as market quoted prices. When Level 1 observable inputs for our investments are not available to determine their
fair value, we must then use other inputs which may include indicative pricing for securities from the same issuer with similar
terms, yield curve information, benchmark data, prepayment speeds and credit quality or unobservable inputs that reﬂect our
estimates of the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the investments based on the best information available
in the circumstances. When valuation techniques, other than those described as Level 1 are utilized, management must make
estimations and judgments in determining the fair value for its investments. The degree to which management’s estimation and
judgment is required is generally dependent upon the market pricing available for the investments, the availability of
observable inputs, the frequency of trading in the investments and the investment’s complexity. If we make diﬁerent judgments
regarding unobservable inputs we could potentially reach different conclusions regarding the fair value of our investments.
After we have determined the fair value of our investments, for those that are in an unrealized loss position, we must then
determine if the investment is other-than-temporarily impaired. We review our investments quarterly for indicators of other-
than—temporary impairment. This determination requires significant judgment and if different judgments are used the
classification of the losses related to our investments could differ. In making this judgment, we employ a systematic
methodology that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment of our
investments. If the carrying value of an available-for—sale investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other factors,
general market conditions, the duration and extent to which the fair value is less than carrying value our intent to retain or sell
the investment and whether it is more likely than not that we will not be required to sell the investment before the recovery of
its amortized cost basis, which may not be until maturity. We also consider specific adverse conditions related to the financial
health of and business outlook for the issuer, including industry and sector performance, rating agency actions and changes in
credit default swap levels. For our cost method investments, our quarterly review of impairment indicators encompasses the
analysis of specific criteria of the entity, such as cash position, financing needs, operational performance, management changes,
competition and turnaround potential. If any of the above impairment indicators are present, we further evaluate whether an
other-than-temporary impairment should be recorded. Once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, an
impairment charge is recorded and a new cost basis in the investment is established. See Notes 4 and 5 to our consolidated
financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and “Liquidity and
Capital Resources” for more information on our investments and fair value measurements.
Intangible Assets
We have acquired product related technology assets and other intangible assets from acquisitions and other third party
agreements. We allocate the purchase price of acquired intangible assets acquired through third party agreements based on their
estimated relative fair values. We allocate a portion of purchase price of acquired companies to the product related technology
assets and other intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. We typically engage third party appraisal firms
34