incurred from our hedging contracts. There is a risk that there will be ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates beyond
the one year timeframe for which we hedge our risk and there is no guarantee that we will accurately forecast the expenses we
are hedging. Further, a substantial portion of our overseas assets and liabilities are denominated in local currencies. To protect
against ﬂuctuations in earnings caused by changes in currency exchange rates when remeasuring our balance sheet, we utilize
foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge our exposure to this potential volatility. There is no assurance that our hedging
strategies will be eﬁective. In addition, as a result of entering into these contracts with counterparties who are unrelated to us,
the risk of a counterparty default exists in fulfilling the hedge contract. Should there be a counterparty default, we could be
unable to recover anticipated net gains from the transactions.
A significant portion of our cash and cash equivalents are held overseas. If we are not able to generate sufficient cash
domestically in order to fund our US. operations, stock repurchases and strategic opportunities, and to service our debt, we
may incur a significant tax liability in order to repatriate the overseas cash balances, or we may need to raise additional
capital in the future.
As of December 31, 2016, $2.08 billion of our cash, cash equivalents and investments were held in foreign countries.
These amounts are not freely available for dividend repatriation to the US. without triggering significant adverse tax
consequences in the US. As a result, if the cash generated by our domestic operations is not suﬁicient to fund our domestic
operations, our broader corporate initiatives such as stock repurchases, acquisitions, and other strategic opportunities, and to
service our outstanding indebtedness, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings,
or we may need to obtain new credit facilities to the extent we choose not to repatriate our overseas cash. Such additional
financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all, and any new equity financings or offerings would dilute our
current stockholders’ ownership. Furthermore, lenders may not agree to extend us new, additional or continuing credit. If
adequate funds are not available, or are not available on acceptable terms, we may be forced to repatriate our foreign sources of
liquidity and incur a significant tax expense or we may not be able to take advantage of strategic opportunities, develop new
products, respond to competitive pressures, repurchase outstanding stock or repay our outstanding indebtedness. In any such
case, our business, operating results or financial condition could be adversely impacted. For further information, please refer to
“Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Liquidity and Capital Resources.”
RISKS RELATED TO THE SEPARATION OF THE GOTO BUSINESS
We may not realize the intended beneﬁts of the separation of the Go To Business.
We may not be able to achieve some or all of the anticipated strategic, financial, operational, marketing or other benefits
expected to result from the separation of the GoTo Business, or such benefits may be delayed. Following the separation of the
GoTo Business in January 2017, Citrix became a smaller, less diversified company with a focus on the secure delivery of apps
and data; and, as a result, we may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions, which could materially and adversely
affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The separation of the businesses may also eliminate or reduce
certain synergies that existed between our various businesses prior to the separation. In addition, as a result of the separation of
the GoTo Business, we may be limited in our ability to engage in significant stock repurchases or issuances.
The separation of the Go To Business and the subsequent merger of GetGo, Inc. could result in substantial tax liability.
On January 31, 2017, we closed the divestiture of the GoTo Business via a “Reverse Morris Trust” transaction pursuant to
which a wholly-owned subsidiary of the LogMeIn, Inc. merged with and into GetGo, Inc., with GetGo, Inc. surviving the
merger and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of LogMeIn, Inc. The Reverse Morris Trust transaction was structured to
qualify as tax-free to Citrix and its shareholders. We obtained an opinion of outside counsel that, for US. federal income tax
purposes, the separation of the GoTo Business qualified, for both the company and our stockholders, as tax-free, and the
subsequent merger of GetGo, Inc. with a wholly-owned subsidiary of LogMeIn, Inc. would not render the separation of the
GoTo Business taxable to Citrix and its shareholders. The opinion of outside counsel was based, among other things, on various
factual assumptions we have authorized and representations we, GetGo, Inc. and LogMeIn, Inc. have made to outside counsel.
If any of these assumptions or representations are, or become, inaccurate or incomplete, reliance on the opinion may be
affected. An opinion of outside counsel represents their legal judgment but is not binding on the IRS or any court. Accordingly,
there can be no assurance that the IRS will not challenge the conclusions reﬂected in the opinions or that a court would not
sustain such a challenge. If the separation or certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the separation are
determined to be taxable for US. federal income tax purposes, we and/or our stockholders that are subject to US. federal
income tax could incur significant US. federal income tax liabilities.
20