contribute to a decline in our customers’ spending on our products and services. Additionally, in response to sustained
economic uncertainty, many governmental organizations outside the US. that are current or prospective customers for our
products and services continue to make significant spending cutbacks, which may continue to reduce the amount of
government spending on IT and demand for our products and services from government organizations. Adverse economic
conditions also may negatively impact our ability to obtain payment for outstanding debts owed to us by our customers or other
parties with whom we do business.
Industry volatility and consolidation may result in increased competition.
The industry has been volatile and there has been a trend toward industry consolidation in our markets for several years.
We expect this trend to continue as companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving and volatile
industry and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue operations. For example, some of our competitors have made
acquisitions or entered into partnerships or other strategic relationships to offer a more comprehensive solution than they had
previously offered. Further, some companies are making plans or may be under pressure by stockholders to divest businesses
and such divestitures may result in stronger competition. Additionally, as IT companies attempt to strengthen or maintain their
market positions in the evolving Workspace Services, Delivery Networking and electronic file sync and sharing markets, these
companies continue to seek to deliver comprehensive IT solutions to end users and combine enterprise-level hardware and
software solutions that may compete with our Workspace Services and Delivery Networking and Cloud Services
solutions. These consolidators or potential consolidators may have significantly greater financial, technical and other resources
and brand loyalty than we do, and may be better positioned to acquire and oﬁer complementary products and services. The
companies resulting from these possible combinations may create more compelling product and service offerings and be able to
offer greater pricing ﬂexibility or sales and marketing support for such offerings than we can. These heightened competitive
pressures could result in a loss of customers or a reduction in our revenues or revenue growth rates, all of which could
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products and services or cyberattacks on our networks could have a
material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and ﬁnancial condition.
Use of our products and services may involve the transmission and/or storage of data, including in certain instances
customers' business and personally identifiable information. Thus, maintaining the security of products, computer networks and
data storage resources is important as security breaches could result in product or service vulnerabilities and loss of and/or
unauthorized access to confidential information. We devote significant resources to addressing security vulnerabilities in our
products and services through our efforts to engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability
features in our products and services, deploy security updates to address security vulnerabilities and seek to respond to known
security incidents in sufficient time to minimize any potential adverse impact. Despite our eﬁorts, from time to time, we
experience attacks and other cyber-threats. Generally speaking, unauthorized parties may attempt to misappropriate or
compromise our confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions, product or service vulnerabilities or
cause shutdowns. These perpetrators of cyberattacks also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, malware and
other malicious software programs that directly or indirectly, for example, through a vendor or other third-party, attack our
products, services or networks, or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of our products, services and networks.
Because techniques used by these perpetrators to sabotage or obtain unauthorized access to our systems change frequently and
generally are not recognized until long after being launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or
to implement adequate preventative measures. We can make no assurance that we will be able to detect, prevent, timely and
adequately address, or mitigate the negative effects of cyberattacks or other security breaches.
A breach of our security measures as a result of third-party action, malware, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise
could result in (among other consequences):
- harm to our reputation or brand, which could lead some customers to seek to cancel subscriptions, stop using certain
of our products or services, reduce or delay future purchases of our products or services, or use competing products
or services;
- individual and/or class action lawsuits, which could result in financial judgments against us or the payment of
settlement amounts, which would cause us to incur legal fees and costs,
° state or federal enforcement action, which could result in fines and/or penalties or other sanctions and which would
cause us to incur legal fees and costs; and/or
- in the event that we or one of our customers were the victim of a cyberattack or other security breach, additional
costs associated with responding to such breach, such as investigative and remediation costs, and the costs of
providing data owners or others with notice of the breach, legal fees, costs of any additional fraud detection
activities required by such customers' credit card issuers, and costs incurred by credit card issuers associated with
the compromise and additional monitoring of systems for further fraudulent activity.
1 6