Cash, Cash Equivalents and Investments
7 December 31, 7 2016
2016 2015 (30%ng to
7 7 7 (In thousands) 7 7 7
Cash, cash equivalents and investments $ 2,664,171 $ 1,763,334 $ 900,837
The increase in cash, cash equivalents and investments at December 31, 2016 as compared to December 31, 2015, is
primarily due to cash provided by our operating activities of $1.12 billion and proceeds from the issuance of common stock
under our employee stock-based compensation plans of $41.2 million, partially offset by purchases of property and equipment
of $134.2 million, cash paid for tax withholding on vested stock awards of $66.6 million, cash paid for stock repurchases of
$28.7 million, cash paid for licensing agreements and technology of $26.3 million, and cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash
acquired, of $13.2 million. As of December 31, 2016, $2.08 billion of the $2.66 billion of cash, cash equivalents and
investments was held by our foreign subsidiaries. If these funds are needed for our operations in the United States, we would be
required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes to repatriate these funds. Our current plans are not expected to require repatriation of cash
and investments to fund our US. operations and, as a result, we intend to permanently reinvest our foreign earnings. See “—
Liquidity and Capital Resources.” We generally invest our cash and cash equivalents in investment grade, highly liquid
securities to allow for ﬂexibility in the event of immediate cash needs. Our short-term and long-term investments primarily
consist of interest-bearing securities.
Fair Value Measurements
The authoritative guidance defines fair value as an exit price, representing the amount that would either be received to
sell an asset or be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a
market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an/
asset or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, the guidance establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which
prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:
0 Level 1. Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
- Level 2. Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and
0 Level 3. Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop
its own assumptions.
Available-for—sale securities included in Level 2 are valued utilizing inputs obtained from an independent pricing service,
or the Service, which uses quoted market prices for identical or comparable instruments rather than direct observations of
quoted prices in active markets. The Service gathers observable inputs for all of our fixed income securities from a variety of
industry data providers including, for example, large custodial institutions and other third-party sources. Once the observable
inputs are gathered by the Service, all data points are considered and an average price is determined. The Service’s providers
utilize a variety of inputs to determine their quoted prices. These inputs may include interest rates, known historical trades,
yield curve information, benchmark data, prepayment speeds, credit quality and broker/dealer quotes. Substantially all of our
available-for-sale investments are valued utilizing inputs obtained from the Service and accordingly are categorized as Level 2
in the table below. We periodically independently assess the pricing obtained from the Service and historically have not
adjusted the Service's pricing as a result of this assessment. Available-for—sale securities are included in Level 3 when relevant
observable inputs for a security are not available.
Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect
the classification of assets and liabilities within the fair value hierarchy. In certain instances, the inputs used to measure fair
value may meet the definition of more than one level of the fair value hierarchy. The input with the lowest level priority is used
to determine the applicable level in the fair value hierarchy.
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
Our fixed income available-for-sale security portfolio generally consists of high quality, investment grade securities from
diverse issuers with a minimum credit rating of A-/A3 and a minimum weighted-average credit rating of AA—/Aa3. We values
these securities based on pricing from the Service, whose sources may use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
(Level 1 inputs) or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly (Level 2 inputs) in
determining fair value, and accordingly, we classify all of our fixed income available-for-sale securities as Level 2. See Note 4
to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016
for more information regarding our available-for-sale investments.
48