Changes in our tax rates or our exposure to additional income tax liabilities could aﬂect our operating results and ﬁnancial
condition.
Our future effective tax rates could be favorably or unfavorably affected by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax
assets and liabilities, the geographic mix of our revenue, or by changes in tax laws or their interpretation. Significant judgment
is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination
of our income tax returns by tax authorities, including the Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS. We regularly assess the
likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes.
There can be no assurance, however, that the outcomes from these continuous examinations will not have an adverse effect on
our operating results and financial condition. Additionally, due to the evolving nature of tax rules combined with the large
number of jurisdictions in which we operate, it is possible that our estimates of our tax liability and the realizability of our
deferred tax assets could change in the future, which may result in additional tax liabilities and adversely aﬁect our results of
operations, financial condition and cash ﬂows.
Our stock price could be volatile, particularly during times of economic uncertainty and volatility in domestic and
international stock markets, and you could lose the value of your investment.
Our stock price has been volatile and has ﬂuctuated significantly in the past. The trading price of our stock is likely to
continue to be volatile and subject to ﬂuctuations in the future. Your investment in our stock could lose some or all of its value.
Some of the factors that could significantly aﬁect the market price of our stock include:
0 actual or anticipated variations in operating and financial results, analyst reports or recommendations,
- rumors, announcements, or press articles regarding our or our competitors” operations, management, organization,
financial condition, or financial statements; and
° other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control.
The stock market in general, The NASDAQ Global Select Market, and the market for software companies and
technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume ﬂuctuations. These ﬂuctuations have often
been unrelated or disproportionate to operating performance. These ﬂuctuations may continue in the future and this could
materially and adversely affect the market price of our stock, regardless of operating performance.
Changes or modiﬁcations in ﬁnancial accounting standards may have a material adverse impact on our reported results of
operations or ﬁnancial condition.
A change or modification in accounting policies can have a significant eﬁect on our reported results and may even affect
our reporting of transactions completed before the change is effective, including the potential impact of the adoption and
implementation of the accounting standard update on revenue recognition issued in May 2014 by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board. New pronouncements and varying interpretations of existing pronouncements have occurred with frequency
and may occur in the future. Changes to existing rules, or changes to the interpretations of existing rules, could lead to changes
in our accounting practices, and such changes could materially adversely affect our reported financial results or the way we
conduct our business.
26