CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
which is intended to be tax-free to the Company and its stockholders for US federal income tax purposes, was completed on
January 31, 2017. See Note 20 for more information on the Company's separation of its GoTo Business.
The Company has incurred significant costs in connection with the separation of its GoTo Business. These costs relate
primarily to third-party advisory and consulting services, retention payments to certain employees, incremental stock-based
compensation and other costs directly related to the separation of the GoTo Business. Costs related to employee retention or
stock-based compensation are classified on a basis consistent with their regular compensation charges and included within Cost
of net revenues, Research and development, Sales, marketing and services, or General and administrative expense in the
consolidated statements of income as applicable. Costs other than those related to employees are included within Separation
expense in the consolidated statements of income. During the years ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the
Company incurred approximately $56.6 million and $6.4 million related to separation costs, respectively. The Company
expects to incur additional separation costs in 2017, the majority of which will be incurred during the first quarter of 20 17. The
Company currently expects to incur, in the aggregate, approximately $120.0 million to $130.0 million in separation costs,
although that estimate is subject to a number of assumptions and uncertainties and the actual amount of separation costs could
differ materially from this estimate. These estimates do not include potential tax related charges or potential capital
expenditures which may be incurred related to the transaction. These additional costs could be significant.
19. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
In January 2017 , the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an accounting standard update on the accounting for
business combinations by clarifying the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with
evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions or disposals of assets or businesses. The new guidance
is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017 . The Company is currently evaluating the
potential impact of this standard on its financial position and results of operations.
In October 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an accounting standard update on the accounting for
income taxes, which requires entities to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than
inventory when the transaction occurs as opposed to deferring tax consequences and amortizing them into future periods. This
update is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15 , 2017 , with early adoption permitted. A
modified retrospective approach with a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings at the beginning of the period
of adoption is required. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on its
consolidated financial position or results of operations.
In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an accounting standard update on the accounting of
stock-based compensation. The guidance requires the recognition of the income tax effects of awards in the income statement
when the awards vest or are settled, thus eliminating additional paid in capital pools. The guidance also allows for the employer
to repurchase more of an employee’s shares for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting. In addition,
the guidance allows for a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur rather than on an estimated basis. The new
guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15 , 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The
Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this standard on its financial position and results of operations.
In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an accounting standard update on the accounting of
leases. The new guidance requires that lessees in a leasing arrangement recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for
most leases (other than leases that meet the definition of a short-term lease). The liability will be equal to the present value of
lease payments. The asset will be based on the liability, subject to adjustment, such as for initial direct costs. The new guidance
is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The new standard
must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition, and provides for certain practical expedients. Transition will require
application of the new guidance at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented. The Company is currently
evaluating the potential impact of this standard on its financial position and results of operations.
In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an accounting standard update on the presentation of debt
issuance costs. The new guidance requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the
balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The Company
adopted this standard effective January 1, 2016 and retroactively adjusted the long-term debt liability presented as of December
31, 2015 by reducing the long-term debt liability by the amount of the deferred financing costs of $13.9 million and reducing
the deferred financing costs asset included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets by a corresponding amount. The
adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations
and cash ﬂows.
F-40