CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
distributions of capital stock, indebtedness, or assets, the payment of cash dividends and certain issuer tender or exchange
offers.
The Company may not redeem the Convertible Notes prior to the maturity date and no “sinking fund” is provided for the
Convertible Notes, which means that the Company is not required to periodically redeem or retire the Convertible Notes. Upon
the occurrence of certain fundamental changes involving the Company, holders of the Convertible Notes may require the
Company to repurchase for cash all or part of their Convertible Notes in principal amounts of $1,000 or an integral multiple
thereof at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued
and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date.
In accounting for the issuance of the Convertible Notes, the Company separated the Convertible Notes into liability and
equity components. The carrying amount of the liability component was calculated by measuring the estimated fair value of a
similar liability that does not have an associated convertible feature. The carrying amount of the equity component representing
the conversion option was determined by deducting the fair value of the liability component from the face value of the
Convertible Notes as a whole. The excess of the principal amount of the liability component over its carrying amount ("debt
discount") is amortized to interest expense over the term of the Convertible Notes using the eﬁective interest method with an
effective interest rate of 3.0 percent per annum. The equity component is not remeasured as long as it continues to meet the
conditions for equity classification.
In accounting for the transaction costs related to the Convertible Note issuance, the Company allocated the total amount
incurred to the liability and equity components based on their relative values. Issuance costs attributable to the $1.3 billion
liability component are being amortized to expense over the term of the Convertible Notes, and issuance costs attributable to
the equity component are included along with the equity component in stockholders' equity. Additionally, a deferred tax
liability of $8.2 million related to a portion of the equity component transaction costs which are deductible for tax purposes is
included in Other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
As a result of the structure of the Reverse Morris Trust (RMT) transaction with LogMeIn, Inc., and the notification on
October 10, 2016 to noteholders in accordance with the Indenture, the Convertible Notes became convertible until the earlier of
(1) the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the ex—dividend date for the distribution of the outstanding
shares of GetGo common stock to the Company’s stockholders by way of a pro rata dividend, and (2) the Company’s
announcement that such distribution will not take place, even though the Convertible Notes were not otherwise convertible at
December 31, 2016. The conversion rate for the Convertible Notes, Convertible Note Hedge and Warrant Transactions was also
subject to adjustment as of the opening of business on the ex—dividend date for the distribution. The $1.44 billion Convertible
Notes became convertible with the notice to noteholders. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2016, the carrying amount of the
Convertible Notes of $1.3 billion was reclassified from Other liabilities to Current liabilities and the difference between the
face value and carrying value of $79.5 million was reclassified from stockholders’ equity to temporary equity in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. See Note 18 and Note 20 for more information on the Company's separation of its
GoTo Business.
The Convertible Notes consist of the following (in thousands):
December 31, December 31,
2016 2015
Liability component
Principal $ 1,437,500 $ 1,437,500
Less: note discount and issuance costs (89,344) (112,508)
Net carrying amount $ 1,348,156 $ 1,324,992
Equity component
Temporary Equity $ 79,495 $ —
Additional paid-in—capital 83,374 162,869
Total equity (including temporary equity) $ 162,869 $ 162,869
The following table includes total interest expense recognized related to the Convertible Notes (in thousands):
F-33