Perpetual license software products come primarily in electronic-based forms and, in selected markets. We also offer
subscription licenses to service providers through the Citrix Service Provider program, which are invoiced on a monthly basis
or based on reported license usage. Our Cloud Services and GoTo Business products are accessed over the Internet for usage
during the subscription period. Our hardware appliances come pre-loaded with software for which customers can purchase
perpetual licenses and annual support and maintenance.
Technology Relationships
We have a number of technology relationships in place to accelerate the development of existing and future products and
our go-to-market initiatives. These relationships include cross-licensing, OEM, resell, joint reference architectures, and other
arrangements that result in better solutions for our customers.
Microsoft
For over 25 years, Citrix and Microsoft have maintained a very strategic partnership spanning product development, go-
to-market initiatives and partner development, with the goal of helping customers to enable secure delivery of applications and
data on any device, wherever they go. Over the past year, the two companies have expanded that collaboration to help our joint
customers make the transition from delivering apps and desktops from an on-premises IT infrastructure approach to a hybrid
and cloud IT infrastructure model. Citrix and Microsoft are oﬁering services that enable customers to deploy Windows 10
desktops on the Microsoft Azure cloud platform, services to deploy apps directly on Azure, and smart tools to simplify the
deployment of new workspaces. In addition, the partnership is extending to Citrix mobility and network management products
and services that complement Microsoft Enterprise Mobility + Security (EMS) and provide comprehensive security and value
for Citrix and Microsoft customers. This next-generation model encompasses not just the Microsoft platform but extends to
enable customers to leverage other platforms to deliver the best experiences through Microsoft and Citrix technologies.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE)
Citrix and HPE have a 20—year alliance that has been marked by innovation in response to changes that occur across
industries and organizations, often fueled by dynamic technology trends. Through the Citrix and HPE alliance we are extending
our leadership in the secure delivery of apps and data by building innovative solutions and services that leverage the full Citrix
software stack and Citrix Cloud. The most recent example is the HPE Edgeline EL4000 Intelligent Edge Workspace, a solution
that combines Atlantis USX software-defined storage with Citrix XenApp and XenDesktop Service.
Google
Together, Google and Citrix offer today’s enterprise a new approach to end user computing. The two companies continue
working to optimize Citrix Receiver for Chrome to enable organizations to easily provision, centrally manage and deliver
enterprise apps and data with high security over any network on any Chrome OS device. Our mobility technology collaboration
ensures that XenMobile offers complete enterprise mobility management support for Android in the enterprise. Google and
Citrix have extended our technical collaboration to encompass workﬂow and connectors that enable enterprise cloud
computing, including ShareFile support for Google G—Suite and Drive, in addition to Citrix Cloud services running in the
Google Cloud Platform. NetScaler CPX development is utilizing Kubernetes to lead the move to container based software
defined networking.
Additional Relationships
Our partners continue to expand their focus on the broad range of Citrix products. Some examples include IBM and
Fujitsu which have multiple offerings in the market with our Workspace Services solutions and Delivery Networking products.
We also have established relationships with Intel, SAP, Samsung, and NVIDIA that complement the benefits provided by Citrix
products. Citrix and Nutanix have a joint secure and scalable hyper-converged infrastructure solution that delivers a strong user
experience and value while reducing infrastructure complexity and an industry-leading VDI solution.
Through our Citrix Ready program, more than 30,000 products have been verified to work with Citrix technologies. The
program is trusted by customers, providing them choice and confidence when identifying Citrix verified partner products
critical to their solution deployment. In addition, numerous partners proactively incorporate Citrix products and technologies
such as Receiver, XenDesktop, XenApp, NetScaler ADC, and HDX (ICA) technologies into their customer oﬁerings. Our
HDX and Receiver technologies are often included with or offered for thin clients, industry-standard servers and mobile
devices, such as Apple's iPhone and iPad, Windows Mobile and Google Android devices. Licensees include Dell, Samsung,
Fujitsu and HPE, among others.
8