CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)
During 2016, certain cost method investments with a combined carrying value of $1.2 million were determined to be
impaired and written down to their fair values of $0.1 million, resulting in impairment charges of $1.1 million. During 2015,
certain cost method investments with a combined carrying value of $3.4 million were determined to be impaired and have been
written down to their fair values of $0.1 million resulting in impairment charges of $3.3 million. The impairment charges are
included in Other expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2016
and 2015. In determining the fair value of cost method investments, the Company considers many factors including but not
limited to operating performance of the investee, the amount of cash that the investee has on—hand, the ability to obtain
additional ﬁnancing and the overall market conditions in which the investee operates. The fair value of the cost method
investments represent a Level 3 valuation as the assumptions used in valuing these investments were not directly or indirectly
observable. See Note 4 for more information regarding cost method investments.
For certain intangible assets where the unamortized balances exceeded the undiscounted future net cash ﬂows, the
Company measures the amount of the impairment by calculating the amount by which the carrying values exceed the estimated
fair values, which are based on projected discounted future net cash ﬂows. These non-recurring fair value measurements are
categorized as Level 3 signiﬁcant unobservable inputs. See Note 2 to the Company's consolidated financial statements for
detailed information related to Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.
In connection with the change in segment composition, during the first quarter of 2016 the Company performed an
assessment of its goodwill reporting units and determined that the recent Cloud Services reorganization resulted in the
identification of three goodwill reporting units. The identification of these reporting units triggered a reallocation of goodwill as
of January 1, 2016 based on the relative fair value approach. The fair value of each reporting unit was determined using a
combination of the market approach and the income approach. Under the market approach, fair value is based on revenue and
earnings multiples for guideline public companies and guideline transactions in the reporting unit's peer group. Specific to the
income approach, key assumptions used include forecasts of revenue and expenses over an extended period of time, tax rates,
long term growth rates and estimated costs of debt and equity capital to discount the projected cash ﬂows. This non-recurring
fair value measurement was categorized as Level 3, as significant unobservable inputs were used in the valuation analysis.
Certain of these assumptions involve significant judgment, are based on management’s estimate of current and forecasted
market conditions and are sensitive and susceptible to change. For Level 3 measurements, significant increases or decreases in
long-term growth rates or discount rates in isolation or in combination could result in a significantly lower or higher fair value
measurement. See Note 2 to the Company's consolidated financial statements for detailed information related to Goodwill and
Other Intangible Assets.
Additional Disclosures Regarding Fair Value Measurements
The carrying value of accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair value due to the
short maturity of these items.
As of December 31, 2016, the fair value of the Convertible Notes, which was determined based on inputs that are
observable in the market (Level 2) based on the closing trading price per $100 as of the last day of trading for the year ended
December 31, 2016, and carrying value of debt instruments (carrying value excludes the equity component of the Company ’s
Convertible Notes classified in equity) was as follows (in thousands):
7 Fair Value Carrying Value 7
Convertible Senior Notes 733 1,674,688 $ 1,348,156 7
See Note 12 for more information on the Convertible Notes.
6. ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
Accrued expenses consist of the following:
7 December 31, 7
7 2016 7 7 2015 7
I (In thousands) I
Accrued compensation and employee benefits 55 170,219 $ 184,286
Other accrued expenses 132,668 133,182
Total 77$ 302,887 7 77$ 317,468 7
F-20