Competition
We sell our products in intensely competitive markets. Some of our competitors and potential competitors have
significantly greater financial, technical, sales and marketing and other resources than we do. As the markets for our products
and services continue to develop, additional companies, including those with significant market presence in the computer
appliances, software, cloud services and networking industries, could enter the markets in which we compete and further
intensify competition. In addition, we believe price competition could become a more significant competitive factor in the
future. As a result, we may not be able to maintain our historic prices and margins, which could adversely affect our business,
results of operations and financial condition. See “Technology Relationships” and Part I-Item lA entitled “Risk Factors”
included in this Annual Report on Form lO—K for the year ended December 31, 2016.
Workspace Services
Our Application Virtualization and VDI solutions are based on an alternative technology platform the success of which
will depend on organizations and customers perceiving technological, operational and security benefits and cost savings
associated with adopting desktop and application Virtualization solutions. We differentiate from basic Virtualization solutions
with robust security, ﬂexibility and end user experience to enable IT to deliver Windows apps and desktops for better business
outcomes. Our primary competition in this market is the existing IT desktop management practice of manually configuring
physical desktops, which is time-consuming, expensive and subject to inconsistency. We also face numerous competitors that
provide automation of these processes and alternative approaches, including VMware's Horizon product and the emergence of
virtual applications and desktop delivery from public and private cloud services, including Amazon Web Service’s product
Amazon WorkSpaces. Also, there continues to be an increase in the number of alternatives to Windows-based applications and
Windows operating system powered desktops, in particular SaaS-delivered applications and mobile devices such as
smartphones and tablet computers. We believe XenApp and XenDesktop give us a competitive advantage by providing
customers multiple ways to virtualize and deliver desktops and/or apps with one, integrated Virtualization system and delivering
a higher performance user experience, more robust security and the ﬂexibility for people to use any device and IT to use any
infrastructure - public or private clouds, hyper-converged, traditional servers and storage, or combinations of each. No other
competitor can currently match this level of ﬂexibility and choice in VDI and app Virtualization solutions.
Our Enterprise Mobility Management product line, XenMobile, competes with AirWatch by VMware, MobileIron, Good
Technology by BlackBerry and many other smaller competitors. We believe we differentiate ourselves from these competitors
by providing the most complete solution on the market, with MDM, MAM and superior core mobile productivity applications,
including secure mobile email, calendar, browser, notes and more along with integration with Microsoft's mobility management
platform, EMS. Our apps feature unique workﬂow integrations designed to make people work better, a significant advantage
over competitors that do not focus on the end user experience and either have basic applications or rely on third parties for their
mobile apps and can drive similar integrations.
We also see competition from competitors that are combining mobile and desktop technologies. We believe our solution,
Citrix Workspace Suite, is the best solution available today that can securely deliver a secure digital workspace - with any
Windows, Web, SaaS and native mobile applications, data and virtual desktops - to any device, anywhere. For example,
VMware offers the VMware Workspace Suite and more recently introduced VMware Workspace ONE. We expect other
vendors to follow suit. We offer market-leading technologies for every component of the Citrix Workspace Suite. Further, we
believe that our end-user experience is a competitive edge when compared to the alternative solutions due to the integration,
intuitiveness and self-service features of our oﬁerings.
Delivery Networking
Our NetScaler ADC products compete against other established competitors, including, F5 Networks, Inc., or F5, and to a
lesser extent, Radware, AlO Networks and Amazon Web Services. The ADC segment also includes a number of emerging start-
up and open source-based competitors. The companies compete with us for traditional enterprise sales opportunities, while F5
is our principal competitor in the Internet-centric market segment. We continue to enhance NetScaler ADC's feature capability
and invest in go-to-market resources to market NetScaler ADC to our existing customer base and new potential customers as
well as expanding into telco and cloud provider markets. NetScaler ADC’s integration with XenApp and XenDesktop provides
a major competitive advantage with customers who are already using these products.
Our NetScaler SD—WAN product competes against both traditional WAN optimization and infrastructure vendors, such as
Riverbed, Cisco, Silver Peak and Blue Coat, and managed service providers.
1 l