Annual Report 2016 Citrix Systems, Inc.
Management uses these non—GAAP measures for internal reporting ° The Company has engaged in various restructuring activities over
and forecasting purposes, when publicly providing its business the past several years that have resulted in costs associated with
outlook, to evaluate the Company’s performance and to evaluate and reductions in headcount, consolidation of leased facilities and
compensate the Company’s executives. The Company has provided related costs. Each restructuring activity has been a discrete event
these non—GAAP ﬁnancial measures in addition to GAAP ﬁnancial based on a unique set of business objectives or circumstances,
results because it believes that these non—GAAP ﬁnancial measures and each has differed from the others in terms of its operational
provide useful information to certain investors and ﬁnancial analysts implementation, business impact and scope. The Company does
for comparison across accounting periods not inﬂuenced by certain not engage in restructuring activities in the ordinary course of
non—cash items that are not used by managementwhen evaluating business. While the Company’s operations previously beneﬁted
the Company’s historical and prospective ﬁnancial performance. from the employees and facilities covered by the various
In addition, the Company has historically provided this or similar restructuring charges, these employees and facilities have beneﬁted
information and understands that some investors and ﬁnancial different parts of the Company’s business in different ways, and
analysts ﬁnd this information helpful in analyzing the Company’s the amount ofthese charges has varied signiﬁcantly from period
operating margins, operating expenses and net income and to period. The Company, therefore, believes that the exclusion
comparing the Company’s ﬁnancial performance to that of its peer ofthese charges will better help investors and ﬁnancial analysts
companies and competitors. understand the Company’s operating results and underlying
operational trends as compared to prior periods.
Management typically excludes the amounts described above when
evaluating the Company’s operating performance and believes that ° Charges or beneﬁts related to signiﬁcant litigation are not
the resulting non—GAAP measures are useful to investors and ﬁnancial anticipated to be ongoing costs; and, thus, are outside ofthe
analysts in assessing the Company’s operating performance due to normal operations ofthe Company’s business. These charges or
the following factors: beneﬁts are recorded in the period when it is probable a liability had
been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated
. The Company does notacouiie businesseS on a predictable even though the subject matter ofthe underlying dispute may relate
cycle. The Company, therefore, believes that the presentation of to mU'tiP'e 0t ditteteht pehOdS- As such the company believes
non-GAAP measures that adjust forthe impact of amortization of that these expenses d0 hOt accurately FEﬂECt the underlying
intangible assets and stock—based compensation expenses and Performance Of COhtihUthg Operations forthe PeriOd in WhiCh they
the related tax effects that are primarily related to acquisitions, are incurred-
provide investors and ﬁnancial analysts with a consistent basis
for comparison across accounting periods and, therefore, are ° Separation costs represent transaction and transition costs
useful to investors and ﬁnancial analysts in helping them to better associated with preparing businesses for independent operations
understand the Company’s operating results and underlying consisting primarily ofﬁnancial advisory fees, legal fees, accounting
operational trends. fees, tax services and information systems infrastructure
duplication.These charges are not anticipated to be ongoing costs;
° Amortization of intangible assets and the related tax effects are and, thus, are OUtStde Of the normal Operations 0t the compahY’S
ﬁxed at the time of an acquisition, are then amortized over a period bUStheSS- As such the compahy believes that these expenses do
ofseveral years afterthe acquisition anci oeneiaiiy cannot be not accurately reﬂect the underlying performance of continuing
changed or inﬂuenced by management afterthe acquisition. Operations forthe pettOd th WhtCh they are incurred-
. Aitnouon Stoci<_baseci compensation iS an important aspect of These non—GAAP ﬁnancial measures are not prepared in accordance
the compensation of the Company’s empioyeeS anci executives, with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
stock—based compensation expense is generally ﬁxed at the time of ("GAAP") ahd may dittetttom the hOh‘GAAP ihtormatteh used by
giant, tnen amortized over a period of Severai years atteitne orant other companies. There are signiﬁcant limitations associated with
of the stock—based instrument, and generally cannot be changed or the use Of hOh‘GAAP hhahda' meaSUteS- The addittOha' heh‘
inﬂuenced by management afterthe orant GAAP ﬁnancial information presented here should be considered
in conjunction with, and not as a substitute for or superiorto, the
. Under GAAP’ certain convertible debt instruments tnet may ﬁnancial informationpresented in accordance with GAAP (such as
be settled in cash on conversion are required to be accounted mat Income and eammgs pereheret and ShOUId nOt be conglderecj
. .. . . . measures of the Company’s liqUIdity. Furthermore, the Company
for as separate liability (debt) and eqUIty (conver5ion option) _ _ _ ,
. . , . in the future may exclude amortization related to newly achIred
components in a mannerthat reﬂects the issuer s non—convertible , _ , , ,
debt borrowing rate. The difference between the imputed interest tntanglble 85535 and Clem dtscgunt’ actdttlohal Charges related to
. . its restructuring programs, Signiﬁcant litigation charges or beneﬁts,
expense and the coupon interest expense, net of the interest _ _
. . . , separation costs and the related tax effects from ﬁnanCIal measures
amount capitalized, is excluded from management 5 assessment , , ,
et tne cemeenye eeemtine nettetmenee because management that it releases, and the Company expects to continue to incur stock—
believes that the exclusion ofthese charges will better help based compensatlon'
investors and ﬁnancial analysts understand the Company’s
operating results and underlying operational trends.