CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. ORGANIZATION
CitriX Systems, Inc. ("CitriX" or the "Company"), is a Delaware corporation founded on April 17, 1989. Citrix delivers
solutions to make applications secure and easy to access, anywhere, anytime and on any device or network.
CitriX markets and licenses its products directly to customers, over the Web, and through systems integrators ("81s"), in
addition to indirectly through value-added resellers ("VARs"), value-added distributors ("VADs"), original equipment
manufacturers ("OEMs"), and service providers.
The Company's revenues are derived from sales of Enterprise and Service Provider products which include Workspace
Services solutions, Delivery Networking products, Cloud Services products and related License updates and maintenance and
Professional services and sales of the GoTo Business service oﬁerings, which are delivered as cloud-based SaaS, and include
Communications Cloud and Workﬂow Cloud service offerings. The Enterprise and Service Provider and the GoTo Business
segment (formerly Mobility Apps) constitute the Company's two reportable segments. See Note 11 for more information on the
Company's segments.
As part of the Company's continued transformation, effective January 1, 2016, the Company reorganized a part of its
business by creating a new Cloud Services product grouping that primarily includes the ShareFile product line. Prior to 2016,
the ShareFile product line was included within the Company's Workﬂow Cloud products under the GoTo Business segment.
The Company's management has changed how it views the business primarily due to operational initiatives announced in 2015,
which include increased emphasis and investments in core enterprise products for secure and reliable application and data
delivery. As a result, the Company realigned its Cloud Services products and services to be included in the Enterprise and
Service Provider segment effective January 1, 2016 in contemplation of the strategic shift and the separation of the GoTo
Business. See Note 18 for more information on the Company's separation of its GoTo Business.
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Consolidation Policy
The consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of its wholly-owned subsidiaries in the
Americas, Europe, the Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”) and Asia-Pacific. All significant transactions and balances between
the Company and its subsidiaries have been eliminated in consolidation.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2016 and 2015 include marketable securities, which are primarily money
market funds, commercial paper, agency, and government securities, municipal securities and corporate securities with initial or
remaining contractual maturities when purchased of three months or less.
Available-for—sale Investments
Short-term and long-term investments at December 31, 2016 and 2015 primarily consist of agency securities, corporate
securities, municipal securities and government securities. Investments classified as available-for—sale are stated at fair value
with unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, reported in Accumulated other comprehensive loss. The Company classiﬁes its
available-for—sale investments as current and non-current based on their actual remaining time to maturity. The Company does
not recognize changes in the fair value of its available-for—sale investments in income unless a decline in value is considered
other-than-temporary in accordance with the authoritative guidance.
The Company’s investment policy is designed to limit exposure to any one issuer depending on credit quality. The
Company uses information provided by third parties to adjust the carrying value of certain of its investments to fair value at the
end of each period. P air values are based on a variety of inputs and may include interest rates, known historical trades, yield
curve information, benchmark data, prepayment speeds, credit quality and broker/dealer quotes. See Note 4 for investment
information.
Accounts Receivable
The Company’s accounts receivable are attributable primarily to direct sales to end customers via the Web or through
independent software vendors, or ISVs, in addition to indirectly through value-added resellers, or VARs, value-added
distributors, or VADs, systems integrators, or SIs, original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs and service providers. Collateral
is generally not required. The Company also maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the
inability of the Company’s customers to make payments which includes both general and specific reserves. The Company
F-8