PART I
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward—looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Actual results
could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Certain factors that might cause such
actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these forward-looking statements are included in Part I,
Item 1A “Risk Factors” beginning on page 13.
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Business Overview
Citrix is a Delaware corporation founded on April 17, 1989. We deliver solutions to make applications and data secure
and easy to access, anywhere, anytime and on any device or network.
The world is in a new era where physical and digital worlds are converging, and where everything is connected. The pace
of change is exponential and the possibilities for improving how we work and live are limitless.
Digital transformation is occurring in every industry and is being fueled by unprecedented adoption and convergence of
mobile, cloud, big data analytics and the Internet of Things (IoT). At the same time, organizations are struggling with
technological complexity, heterogeneity and information overload.
Businesses have spent years building unique operating models, investing in countless systems, platforms, and devices
and then deeply customizing it all. Yet these legacy systems are making it difficult to adopt new innovations, devices and
platforms needed to move forward. It is also creating new challenges for IT departments that must manage and secure it all.
Further, an increasing number of workloads are becoming mobile.
Finally, concerns about security are top of mind for every organization today. And the pressures of the multitude of
devices, endpoints and networks are straining the limits of existing infrastructures and calling into question traditional device-
or network-centric security approaches, which cannot keep pace with the new devices, application platforms and networks
being introduced.
Our mission is to power a world where people, organizations and things are securely connected and accessible. We aim to
accomplish this by building the world’s best integrated technology services for secure delivery of apps and data anytime,
anywhere.
We market and license our products directly to customers, over the Web, and through independent software vendors, or
ISVs, in addition to indirectly through systems integrators, or 815, value-added resellers, or VARs, value-added distributors, or
VADs, original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs and service providers.
Separation ofGoTo Business
On January 31, 2017, we completed the separation and subsequent merger of the GoTo family of service offerings of our
wholly-owned subsidiary, GetGo, to LogMeIn pursuant to a pro rata distribution to our stockholders of 100% of the shares of
common stock of GetGo, pursuant to a Reverse Morris Trust (RMT) transaction. The GoTo family of service offerings consists
of GoToMeeting, GoToWebinar, GoToTraining, GoToMyPC, GoToAssist, Grasshopper and OpenVoice, or the GoTo Business,
and had historically been part of our GoTo Business segment (formerly the Mobility Apps segment). As a result, in 2017, we
will report the GoTo Business as discontinued operations.
Products and Services
We are enabling the future of work by delivering the industry’s most comprehensive and integrated platform for secure
app and data delivery and network functionality as a cloud-based service through technology leadership in application
Virtualization, VDI, mobility, networking and cloud. Our products and services target customers of all sizes, from small
businesses to large global enterprises. Through three functional centers of excellence we administer the research and
development, marketing and product management for our oﬁerings.
Workspace Services
Application Virtualization and VDI
Our Application Virtualization and VDI solutions give employees the freedom to work from anywhere while cutting IT
costs, securely delivering Windows, Linux, Web and SaaS apps, plus full Virtual desktops to any device.
3