° certain of our new product initiatives have a subscription model, and we may not be able to accurately predict
subscription renewal rates or their impact on our results of operations;
0 if customers do not adopt our new product or service offerings, we may be unable to recoup or realize a reasonable
return on our investment in these new products and services;
° sales of existing products and service offerings may be delayed while customers are investigating our new offerings;
° competitive product and service offerings in emerging IT sectors may gain broad adoption before our products and
services, and it may be diﬁicult for us to displace such offerings regardless of the comparative technical merit, eﬁicacy
or cost of our products and services;
° we may not be able to develop and implement effective go-to-market strategies and train our sales team and channel
partners in order to eﬁectively market offerings in product categories in which we have less experience than our
competitors;
° we may not be able to develop effective pricing strategies for our new products and services;
0 hardware, software and cloud hosting vendors may not be able to ensure interoperability with our products and oﬁer
compatible products and services to end users;
° our new initiatives may be hosted by third parties whom we do not control but whose failure to prevent service
disruptions, or other failures or breaches may require us to compensate, indemnify or otherwise be liable to customers
or third parties for business interruptions or damages that may occur; and
° our operating margins in our new initiatives may be lower than those we have achieved in our more mature products
and services markets.
Recent changes in our support oﬂerings could adversely impact our business.
We recently redefined our support offerings with the introduction of Citrix Customer Success Services and our customers
began migrating to this new service offering. While this offering provides greater benefits to our customers, it results in a price
increase. If customers do not adopt Customer Success Services, we may be unable to recoup or realize a reasonable return on
our investment in this new service, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Our Delivery Networking business has a concentrated number of customers.
Our Delivery Networking business has generated a substantial portion of its revenues from a limited number of
customers. As a result, if our Delivery Networking business loses certain customers or one or more such customers
significantly decreases its orders, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
In order to be successful, we must attract, engage, retain and integrate key employees and have adequate succession plans
in place, and failure to do so could have an adverse eﬂect on our ability to manage our business.
Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract, engage, retain, and integrate qualified executives and other
key employees throughout all areas of our business. Identifying, developing internally or hiring externally, training and
retaining highly-skilled managerial, technical, sales and services, finance and marketing personnel are critical to our future, and
competition for experienced employees can be intense. In order to attract and retain executives and other key employees in a
competitive marketplace, we must provide a competitive compensation package, including cash— and equity-based
compensation. If we do not obtain the stockholder approval needed to continue granting equity compensation in a competitive
manner, our ability to attract, retain, and motivate executives and key employees could be weakened. Failure to successfully
hire executives and key employees or the loss of any executives and key employees could have a significant impact on our
operations. Competition for qualified personnel in our industry is intense because of the limited number of people available
with the necessary technical skills and understanding of products in our industry. The loss of services of any key personnel, the
inability to retain and attract qualified personnel in the future or delays in hiring may harm our business and results of
operations.
Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge
and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. Further, changes in our
management team may be disruptive to our business and any failure to successfully integrate key new hires or promoted
employees could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
Adverse changes in general global economic conditions could adversely aﬂect our operating results.
As a globally operated company, we are subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in global economic and market
conditions. Continued economic uncertainty across all our significant geographic locations may adversely affect sales of our
products and services and may result in longer sales cycles, slower adoption of technologies and increased price competition.
For example, if the US. or China were to experience an economic downturn, these adverse economic conditions could
1 5