Report of Independent Registered Certiﬁed Public Accounting Firm
The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Citrix Systems, Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Citrix Systems, Inc. as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and
the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2016. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a). These
financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated ﬁnancial position
of Citrix Systems, Inc. at December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash ﬂows for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with US. generally accepted accounting principles. Also,
in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a
whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Citrix
Systems Inc's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control-
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework)
and our report dated February 16, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
/S/ Ernst & Young LLP
Boca Raton, Florida
February 16, 2017
F-2