Any of these actions could materially adversely impact our business and results of operations.
Regulation of privacy and data security may adversely aﬂect sales of our products and result in increased compliance costs.
We believe increased regulation is likely with respect to the solicitation, collection, processing or use of personal,
financial and consumer information as regulatory authorities around the world are considering a number of legislative and
regulatory proposals concerning data protection, privacy and data security. This includes the Global Data Protection
Regulation, which is expected to take effect in 2018. In addition, the interpretation and application of consumer and data
protection laws and industry standards in the United States, Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and in ﬂux. The
application of existing laws to cloud-based solutions is particularly uncertain and cloud-based solutions may be subject to
further regulation, the impact of which cannot be fully understood at this time. Moreover, it is possible that these laws may be
interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data and privacy practices. If so, in addition to the possibility
of fines, this could result in an order requiring that we change our data and privacy practices, which could have an adverse
effect on our business and results of operations. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or
require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. Also, any new regulation, or interpretation of
existing regulation, imposing greater fees or taxes or restricting information exchange over the Web, could result in a decline in
the use and adversely aﬁect sales of our products and our results of operations.
Our products could contain errors that could delay the release of new products or that may not be detected until after our
products are shipped
Despite significant testing by us and by current and potential customers, our products, especially new products or releases
or acquired products, could contain errors. In some cases, these errors may not be discovered until after commercial shipments
have been made. Errors in our products could delay the development or release of new products and could adversely affect
market acceptance of our products. Additionally, our products depend on third-party products, which could contain defects and
could reduce the performance of our products or render them useless. Because our products are often used in mission-critical
applications, errors in our products or the products of third parties upon which our products rely could give rise to warranty or
other claims by our customers, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.
Certain of our oﬂerings have sales cycles which are long and/or unpredictable which could cause significant variability and
unpredictability in our revenue and operating results for any particular period
Generally, a substantial portion of our large and medium-sized customers implement our Workspace Services solutions
on a departmental or enterprise-wide basis. We have a long sales cycle for these departmental or enterprise-wide sales because:
° our sales force generally needs to explain and demonstrate the benefits of a large-scale deployment of our product
to potential and existing customers prior to sale;
° our service personnel typically spend a significant amount of time assisting potential customers in their testing and
evaluation of our products and services;
° our customers are typically large and medium size organizations that carefully research their technology needs and
the many potential projects prior to making capital expenditures for software infrastructure; and
° before making a purchase, our potential customers usually must get approvals from various levels of decision
makers within their organizations, and this process can be lengthy.
Our long sales cycle for these products makes it difficult to predict when these sales will occur, and we may not be able
to sustain these sales on a predictable basis. In addition, the long sales cycle for these products makes it difficult to predict the
quarter in which sales will occur. Delays in sales could cause significant variability in our revenue and operating results for any
particular period, and large projects with significant IT components may fail to meet our customers’ business requirements or
be canceled before delivery, which likewise could adversely aﬁect our revenue and operating results for any particular period.
Overall, the timing of our revenue is difficult to predict. Our quarterly sales have historically reﬂected an uneven pattern
in which a disproportionate percentage of a quarter’s total sales occur in the last month, weeks and days of each quarter. In
addition, our business is subject to seasonal ﬂuctuations and such ﬂuctuations are generally most significant in our fourth fiscal
quarter, which we believe is due to the impact on revenue from the availability (or lack thereof) in our customers’ fiscal year
budgets and an increase in expenses resulting from amounts paid pursuant to our sales compensation plans as performance
milestones are often triggered in the fourth quarter. We believe that these seasonal factors are common within our industry. In
addition, our European operations generally generate lower revenues in the summer months because of the generally reduced
economic activity in Europe during the summer.
17