RISKS RELATED TO ACQUISITIONS, STRATEGIC RELATIONSHIPS AND DIVESTITURES
Acquisitions and divestitures present many risks, and we may not realize the ﬁnancial and strategic goals we anticipate.
In recent years, we have addressed the development of new products and services and enhancements to existing products
and services through acquisitions of other companies, product lines and/or technologies. However, acquisitions, including those
of high-technology companies, are inherently risky. We cannot provide any assurance that any of our acquisitions or future
acquisitions will be successful in helping us reach our financial and strategic goals. The risks we commonly encounter in
undertaking, managing and integrating acquisitions are:
- an uncertain revenue and earnings stream from the acquired company, which could dilute our earnings;
- difficulties and delays integrating the personnel, operations, technologies, products and systems of the acquired
companies;
0 undetected errors or unauthorized use of a third-party’s code in products of the acquired companies;
° our ongoing business may be disrupted and our management’s attention may be diverted by acquisition, transition
or integration activities;
0 challenges with implementing adequate and appropriate controls, procedures and policies in the acquired business;
- difficulties managing or integrating an acquired company’s technologies or lines of business;
0 potential diﬁiculties in completing projects associated with purchased in-process research and development;
0 entry into markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors have stronger
market positions and which are highly competitive;
0 the potential loss of key employees of the acquired company;
0 potential diﬁiculties integrating the acquired products and services into our sales channel;
° assuming pre-existing contractual relationships of an acquired company that we would not have otherwise entered
into, the termination or modification of which may be costly or disruptive to our business;
° being subject to unfavorable revenue recognition or other accounting treatment as a result of an acquired
company’s practices; and
- intellectual property claims or disputes.
Our failure to successfully integrate acquired companies due to these or other factors could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Any future divestitures we make may also involve risks and uncertainties. Any such divestitures could result in disruption
to other parts of our business, potential loss of employees or customers, exposure to unanticipated liabilities or result in
ongoing obligations and liabilities to us following any such divestiture. For example, in connection with a divestiture, we may
enter into transition services agreements or other strategic relationships, including long-term research and development
arrangements, sales arrangements or agree to provide certain indemnities to the purchaser in any such transaction, which may
result in additional expense. Further, if we do not realize the expected benefits or synergies of such transactions, our operating
results and financial conditions could be adversely aﬁected.
If we determine that any of our goodwill or intangible assets, including technology purchased in acquisitions, are impaired,
we would be required to take a charge to earnings, which could have a material adverse eﬂect on our results of operations.
We have a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets, such as product related intangible assets, from our
acquisitions. We do not amortize goodwill and intangible assets that are deemed to have indefinite lives. However, we do
amortize certain product related technologies, trademarks, patents and other intangibles and we periodically evaluate them for
impairment. We review goodwill for impairment annually, or sooner if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount could exceed fair value, at the reporting unit level, which for us also represents our operating segments.
Significant judgments are required to estimate the fair value of our goodwill and intangible assets, including estimating future
cash ﬂows, determining appropriate discount rates, estimating the applicable tax rates, foreign exchange rates and interest rates,
projecting the future industry trends and market conditions, and making other assumptions. Although we believe the
assumptions, judgments and estimates we have made have been reasonable and appropriate, different assumptions, judgments
and estimates, materially affect our results of operations. Changes in these estimates and assumptions, including changes in our
reporting structure, could materially affect our determinations of fair value. In addition, due to uncertain market conditions and
potential changes in our strategy and product portfolio, it is possible that the forecasts we use to support our goodwill and other
intangible assets could change in the future, which could result in non-cash charges that would adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition. Also, we may make divestitures of businesses in the future. If we determine that any of the
intangible assets associated with our acquisitions is impaired or goodwill is impaired, then we would be required to reduce the
value of those assets or to write them off completely by taking a charge to current earnings. If we are required to write down or
2 1