Our business depends on maintaining and protecting the strength of our collection of brands.
The Citrix product and service brands that we have developed have significantly contributed to the success of our
business. Maintaining and enhancing the Citrix product and service brands is critical to expanding our base of customers and
partners. We may be subject to reputational risks and our brand loyalty may decline if others adopt the same or conﬁssingly
similar marks in an effort to misappropriate and profit on our brand name and do not provide the same level of quality as is
delivered by our products and services. Additionally, we may be unable to use some of our brands in certain countries or unable
to secure trademark rights in certain jurisdictions where we do business. In order to police, maintain, enhance and protect our
brands, we may be required to make substantial investments that may not be successful. If we fail to police, maintain, enhance
and protect the Citrix brands, if we incur excessive expenses in this effort or if customers or potential customers are confused
by others’ trademarks, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.
RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK, OUR DEBT AND EXTERNAL FACTORS
Natural disasters or other unanticipated catastrophes that result in a disruption of our operations could negatively impact
our results of operations.
Our worldwide operations are dependent on our network infrastructure, internal technology systems and website.
Significant portions of our computer equipment, intellectual property resources and personnel, including critical resources
dedicated to research and development and administrative support functions are presently located at our corporate headquarters
in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, an area of the country that is particularly prone to hurricanes, and at our various locations in
California, an area of the country that is particularly prone to earthquakes. We also have operations in various domestic and
international locations that expose us to additional diverse risks. The occurrence of natural disasters, such as hurricanes, ﬂoods
or earthquakes, or other unanticipated catastrophes, such as telecommunications failures, cyber-attacks, fires or terrorist attacks,
at any of the locations in which we or our key partners, suppliers and customers do business, could cause interruptions in our
operations. For example, hurricanes have passed through southern Florida causing extensive damage to the region. In addition,
even in the absence of direct damage to our operations, large disasters, terrorist attacks or other casualty events could have a
significant impact on our partners’, suppliers’ and customers’ businesses, which in turn could result in a negative impact on our
results of operations. Extensive or multiple disruptions in our operations, or our partners’, suppliers’ or customers’ businesses,
due to natural disasters or other unanticipated catastrophes could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
Servicing our debt will require a significant amount of cash, which could adversely aﬂect our business, ﬁnancial condition
and results of operations.
We have aggregate indebtedness of approximately $1.4 billion that we have incurred in connection with the issuance of
our Convertible Notes and under our Credit Agreement, and we may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our ability to
make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our future indebtedness, depends on our future
performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not
generate cash ﬂow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures. If we
are unable to generate such cash ﬂow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets,
restructuring debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to
refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to
engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt
obligations. See “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates” and Notes 12 and 13 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 for information regarding our Convertible Notes and our Credit Facility.
In addition, holders of the Convertible Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase their Convertible Notes upon
the occurrence of a fundamental change at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the
Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. Further, upon conversion of the Convertible
Notes, we will be required to make cash payments for each $1,000 in principal amount of Convertible Notes converted of at
least the lesser of $1,000 and the sum of the daily conversion values thereunder. However, we may not have enough available
cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of Convertible Notes surrendered therefor
or Convertible Notes being converted. In addition, our ability to repurchase the Convertible Notes or to pay cash upon
conversions of the Convertible Notes may be limited by law, by regulatory authority or by agreements governing our future
indebtedness. Our failure to repurchase Convertible Notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the indenture or to pay
any cash payable on future conversions of the Convertible Notes as required by the indenture would constitute a default under
the indenture. A default under the indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under our Credit
Agreements or agreements governing our future indebtedness. If the repayment of the related indebtedness were to be
accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and
repurchase the Convertible Notes or make cash payments upon conversions of the Convertible Notes.
24