ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISA GREEMEN TS WIT H A CCOUN TAN TS ON A CCOUN TIN G AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE
There have been no changes in or disagreements with our independent registered public accountants on accounting or
financial disclosure matters during our two most recent fiscal years.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
As of December 31, 2016, our management, with the participation of our President and Chief Executive Officer and our
Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or
the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our President and Chief Executive Oﬁicer and our Executive Vice President,
Chief Operating Oﬁicer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2016, our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective in ensuring that material information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and
Exchange Commission’s rules and forms, including ensuring that such material information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Executive Vice President, Chief Operating
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
During the quarter ended December 31, 2016, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as
such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a —- 15(f). Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable
assurance to our management and the Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial
statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems
determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2016. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013, or the COSO criteria. Based on our
assessment we believe that, as of December 31, 2016, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those
criteria. The eﬁectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 has been audited by Ernst &
Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears below.
53