to assist us in determining the fair values and useful lives of product related technology assets and other intangible assets
acquired. Such valuations and useful life determinations require us to make significant estimates and assumptions. These
estimates are based on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are
inherently uncertain. Critical estimates in determining the fair value and useful lives of the product related technology assets
include but are not limited to future expected cash ﬂows earned from the product related technology and discount rates applied
in determining the present value of those cash flows. Critical estimates in valuing certain other intangible assets include but are
not limited to future expected cash ﬂows from customer contracts, customer lists, distribution agreements, patents, brand
awareness and market position, as well as discount rates.
Management's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable. Unanticipated events and
circumstances may occur which may aﬁect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results.
We monitor acquired intangible assets for impairment on a periodic basis by reviewing for indicators of impairment. If an
indicator exists we compare the estimated net realizable value to the unamortized cost of the intangible asset. The
recoverability of the intangible assets is primarily dependent upon our ability to commercialize products utilizing the acquired
technologies, retain existing customers and customer contracts, and maintain brand awareness. The estimated net realizable
value of the acquired intangible assets is based on the estimated undiscounted future cash flows derived from such intangible
assets. Our assumptions about future revenues and expenses require significant judgment associated with the forecast of the
performance of our products, customer retention rates and ability to secure and maintain our market position. Actual revenues
and costs could vary significantly from these forecasted amounts. If these products are not ultimately accepted by our
customers and distributors, and there is no alternative future use for the technology; or if we fail to retain acquired customers or
successfully market acquired brands, we could determine that some or all of the remaining $228.0 million carrying value of our
acquired intangible assets is impaired. In the event of impairment, we would record an impairment charge to earnings that
could have a material adverse eﬁect on our results of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2015, we tested certain
intangible assets for recoverability due to changes in facts and circumstances associated with the shift in strategic focus and
reduced profitability expectations. As a result, we identified certain definite-lived intangible assets that were impaired within
our Enterprise and Service Provider segment, primarily customer relationships and product technologies from the acquisition of
ByteMobile, and recorded non-cash impairment charges of $123.0 million to write down the intangible assets to their estimated
fair value of $26.8 million. Of the impairment charge, $67.1 million is included in Impairment of other intangible assets and
$55.9 million is included in Impairment of product related intangible assets in the accompanying consolidated statements of
income.
Goodwill
The excess of the fair value of purchase price over the fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities from our
acquisitions is recorded as goodwill. At December 31, 2016, we had $1.97 billion in goodwill related to our acquisitions. Our
revenues are derived from sales of our Enterprise and Service Provider segment's products, which include our Workspace
Services solutions, Delivery Networking products, and related license updates and maintenance, and our Cloud Services
offerings, as well as from sales of the GoTo Business segment’s Communications Cloud and Workﬂow Cloud products. As part
of our continued transformation, effective January 1, 2016, we reorganized a part of our business by creating a new Cloud
Services product grouping, which resulted in a change in segment composition. In connection with this change, during the first
quarter of 20 16, we performed an assessment of our goodwill reporting units and determined that the Cloud Services
reorganization resulted in the identification of three goodwill reporting units (Enterprise and Service Provider excluding Cloud
Services, Cloud Services and GoTo Business). The identification of these reporting units triggered a reallocation of goodwill as
of January 1, 2016 based on the relative fair value approach, however no further quantitative impairment test was deemed
necessary. Our reportable segments remain unchanged. We evaluate goodwill between our reportable segments, which are the
Enterprise and Services Provider segment and the GoTo Business segment. Additionally, on January 31, 2017, we completed
the separation and subsequent merger of the GoTo Business to LogMeIn. As a result, we are reevaluating our operating
segments in the first quarter of 20 17. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 for additional information regarding our reportable segments.
We account for goodwill in accordance with FASB’s authoritative guidance, which requires that goodwill and certain
intangible assets are not amortized, but are subject to an annual impairment test. We complete our goodwill and certain
intangible assets impairment test on an annual basis, during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or more frequently, if changes
in facts and circumstances indicate that an impairment in the value of goodwill and certain intangible assets recorded on our
balance sheet may exist.
In the fourth quarter of 2016, we performed a qualitative assessment to determine whether further quantitative
impairment testing for goodwill and certain intangible assets is necessary, which we refer to this assessment as the Qualitative
Screen. In performing the Qualitative Screen, we are required to make assumptions and judgments including but not limited to
35