The increase in our Product and licenses revenue was primarily driven by higher overall sales of our Workspace Services
solutions and Delivery Networking products, partially oﬁset by lower sales of our non-core products. Our Software as a service
revenues increased due to increased sales of GoTo Business products and Cloud Services products. The increase in License
updates and maintenance revenue was primarily due to increased sales of maintenance revenues across our Workspace Services
and Delivery Networking products, partially offset by a decrease in our Subscription Advantage product and our technical and
premier support as customers continue to migrate to our new software maintenance solutions. The decrease in Professional
services revenue was primarily due to decreased implementation services and product training and certification related to our
Workspace Services solutions. We currently expect total revenue, excluding the GoTo Business, to increase when comparing
the first quarter of 20 17 to the first quarter of 2016. In addition, when comparing the 2017 fiscal year to the 2016 fiscal year, we
currently expect total revenue, excluding the GoTo Business, to increase. The increase in 2016 gross margin as a percentage of
net revenue was primarily due to 2015 including the impairment of certain product related intangible assets. The increase in
operating income and diluted earnings per share when comparing 2016 to 2015 was primarily due to an increase in revenues
and gross margin, as well as a reduction in operating expenses as a result of our operational initiatives. Also contributing to the
increase in diluted earnings per share was the impact of share repurchases during 2015, which reduced our weighted-average
shares outstanding, partially offset by an increase in our effective tax rate.
Our preliminary outlook for the 2017 fiscal year is for net revenues and expenses to decrease overall compared to the
2016 fiscal year as a result of the separation of the GoTo Business, which was completed on January 31, 2017. In addition, we
currently expect operating income to improve when comparing the 2017 fiscal year to the 2016 fiscal year. In 2017, the GoTo
Business will be accounted for as a discontinued operation for all periods presented.
2016 Business Combination
On September 7, 2016, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding securities of a privately held company. The
acquisition provides a software solution that cuts the cost of desktop and application virtualization and delivers workspace
performance by accelerating desktop logon and application response times for any Microsoft Windows-based environment. The
acquired company became part of our Enterprise and Service Provider segment. The total cash consideration for this transaction
was approximately $11.5 million, net of $0.8 million cash acquired. Transaction costs of $0.4 million are presented within
General and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The assets related to this
acquisition relate primarily to $8.2 million of product technology identifiable intangible assets with a 4 year life and goodwill
of $4.7 million.
We have included the effects of this business acquired in 2016 in our results of operations prospectively from the date of
the acquisition.
201 6 AsseiAcquisiiion
On January 8, 2016, we acquired certain monitoring technology assets from a privately-held company for total cash
consideration of $23.6 million. The acquisition provides a monitoring solution for Citrix's products as it relates to Microsoft
Windows applications and desktop delivery. The identifiable intangible assets acquired related primarily to product
technologies.
2016 Divesiiture
On February 29, 2016, we sold our CloudPlatform and CloudPortal Business Manager products to Persistent Telecom
Solutions, Inc. The agreement included contingent consideration in the form of an earnout provision based on revenue for a
period of five years following the closing date. Any income associated with the contingent consideration will be recognized if
the earnout provisions are met.
2015 Acquisitions
Sanbolic
On January 8, 2015, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding securities of Sanbolic, Inc., or Sanbolic. We expected
the Sanbolic technology would reduce the complexity of Microsoft Windows application delivery and desktop virtualization
deployments. Sanbolic became part of our Enterprise and Service Provider segment. The total cash consideration for this
transaction was approximately $89.4 million, net of $0.2 million cash acquired. Transaction costs associated with the
acquisition were $0.5 million, of which we expensed $0.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2015 and are included
in General and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. In addition, in connection with
the acquisition, we assumed non-vested stock units which were converted into the right to receive, in the aggregate, up to
37,057 shares of our common stock, for which the vesting period began on the closing of the transaction. During the fourth
3 1