CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
the revenue recognition guidance. The selling price hierarchy for a deliverable is based on its VSOE if available, third-party
evidence of selling price ("TPE") if VSOE is not available, or estimated selling price ("ESP") if neither VSOE nor TPE is
available. The Company then recognizes revenue on each deliverable in accordance with its policies for product and service
revenue recognition. VSOE of selling price is based on the price charged when the element is sold separately. In determining
VSOE, the Company requires that a substantial majority of the selling prices fall within a reasonable range based on historical
discounting trends for specific products and services. TPE of selling price is established by evaluating competitor products or
services in stand-alone sales to similarly situated customers. However, as the Company’s products contain a significant element
of proprietary technology and its solutions offer substantially diﬁerent features and functionality, the comparable pricing of
products with similar functionality typically cannot be obtained. Additionally, as the Company is unable to reliably determine
what competitors products” selling prices are on a stand-alone basis, the Company is not typically able to determine TPE. The
estimate of selling price is established considering multiple factors including, but not limited to, pricing practices in different
geographies and through different sales channels and competitor pricing strategies.
The Citrix Service Provider ("CSP") program provides subscription-based services in which the CSP partners host
software services to their end users. The fees from the CSP program are recognized based on usage and as the CSP services are
provided to their end users.
For the Company’s non-software transactions, it allocates the arrangement consideration based on the relative selling price
of the deliverables. For the Company’s hardware appliances, it uses ESP as its selling price. For the Company ’s support and
services, it generally uses VSOE as its selling price. When the Company is unable to establish selling price using VSOE for its
support and services, the Company uses ESP in its allocation of arrangement consideration.
The Company ’s GoTo Business products and a majority of the Company's Cloud Services oﬁerings are considered hosted
service arrangements per the authoritative guidance, or SaaS. Generally, the Company’s GoTo Business products are sold
separately and not bundled with the Enterprise and Service Provider segment’s products and services.
In the normal course of business, the Company is not obligated to accept product returns from its distributors under any
conditions, unless the product item is defective in manufacture. The Company establishes provisions for estimated returns, as
well as other sales allowances, concurrently with the recognition of revenue. The provisions are established based upon
consideration of a variety of factors, including, among other things, recent and historical return rates for both specific products
and distributors and the impact of any new product releases and projected economic conditions. Product returns are provided
for in the consolidated financial statements and have historically been within management’s expectations. Allowances for
estimated product returns amounted to approximately $2.0 million and $1.4 million at December 31, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively. The Company also records estimated reductions to revenue for customer programs and incentive oﬁerings
including volume-based incentives. The Company could take actions to increase its customer incentive oﬁerings, which could
result in an incremental reduction to revenue at the time the incentive is offered.
Product Concentration
The Company derives a substantial portion of its revenues from its Workspace Services solutions, which include its
XenDesktop and XenApp products and related services, and anticipates that these products and future derivative products and
product lines based upon this technology will continue to constitute a majority of its revenue. The Company could experience
declines in demand for its Workspace Services solutions and other products, whether as a result of general economic
conditions, the delay or reduction in technology purchases, new competitive product releases, price competition, lack of
success of its strategic partners, technological change or other factors. Additionally, the Company's Delivery Networking
products generate revenues from a limited number of customers. As a result, if the Delivery Networking product grouping loses
certain customers or one or more such customers significantly decreases its orders, the Company's business, results of
operations and financial condition could be adversely aﬁected.
Cost of Net Revenues
Cost of product and license revenues consists primarily of hardware, shipping expense, royalties, product media and
duplication, manuals and packaging materials. In addition, the Company is a party to licensing agreements with various
entities, which give the Company the right to use certain software code in its products or in the development of future products
in exchange for the payment of fixed fees or amounts based upon the sales of the related product. The licensing agreements
generally have terms ranging from one to five years, and generally include renewal options. However, some agreements are
perpetual unless expressly terminated. Royalties and other costs related to these agreements are also included in Cost of net
revenues.
Cost of services and maintenance revenues consists primarily of compensation and other personnel-related costs of
providing technical support and consulting, as well as the costs related to providing the Company's software as a service
F-13