Credit F acility
On January 7, 2015, we entered into a credit agreement, or Credit Agreement with Bank of America, NA, as
Administrative Agent, and the other lenders party thereto from time to time collectively, the Lenders. The Credit Agreement
provides for a $25 0 million unsecured revolving credit facility for a term of five years, of which we have drawn and repaid
$95.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2015. As of December 31, 2016, there were no outstanding borrowings
under this Credit Agreement and the entire $250 million credit line remains available for borrowing. We may elect to increase
the revolving credit facility by up to $250 million if existing or new lenders provide additional revolving commitments in
accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement. The proceeds of borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be used for
working capital and general corporate purposes, including acquisitions. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement will bear
interest at a rate equal to either (a) a customary London interbank offered rate formula or (b) a customary base rate formula,
plus the applicable margin with respect thereto, in each case as set forth in the Credit Agreement.
The Credit Agreement requires us to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio of not more than 3.5: 1.0 and a consolidated
interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.0: 1.0. The Credit Agreement includes customary events of default, with corresponding
grace periods in certain circumstances, including, without limitation, payment defaults, cross-defaults, the occurrence of a
change of control and bankruptcy-related defaults. The Lenders are entitled to accelerate repayment of the loans under the
Credit Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the events of default. In addition, the Credit Agreement contains customary
affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that limit or restrict our ability to grant liens, merge or consolidate,
dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, change our business and incur subsidiary indebtedness, in each case subject to
customary exceptions for a credit facility of this size and type. In addition, the Credit Agreement contains customary
representations and warranties. Please see Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 for additional details on our Credit Agreement.
Convertible Senior Notes
In April 2014, we completed a private placement of $1.44 billion principal amount of 0.500% Convertible Senior Notes
due 2019, or the Convertible Notes. The net proceeds from this offering were approximately $1.42 billion (including the
proceeds from the Over-Allotment Option), after deducting the initial purchasers’ discounts and commissions and the offering
expenses payable by us. We used approximately $82.6 million of the net proceeds to pay the cost of certain bond hedges
entered into in connection with the oﬁering (after such cost was partially oﬁset by the proceeds to us from certain warrant
transactions). Please see Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2016 for additional details on the Convertible Notes offering and the related bond hedges and warrant
transactions.
We used the remainder of the net proceeds from the offering and a portion of our existing cash and investments to
purchase an aggregate of approximately $1.5 billion of our common stock under our share repurchase program. We used
approximately $101.0 million to purchase shares of our common stock from certain purchasers of the Convertible Notes in
privately negotiated transactions concurrently with the closing of the offering, and the remaining $1.4 billion to purchase
additional shares of our common stock through an accelerated share repurchase transaction, or the ASR, which we entered into
with Citibank, NA, or Citibank, on April 25, 2014, and which is discussed in further detail in Note 8 to our consolidated
financial statements.
The conversion period for the Convertible Notes that commenced on October 10, 2016 in connection with the structure of
the RMT transaction with LogMeIn, terminated as of the close of business on January 31, 2017. As a result, the Convertible
Notes were reclassified to Other liabilities from Current liabilities and the amount previously recorded as Temporary equity
was reclassified to permanent equity as of January 31, 2017. The Distribution also resulted in an adjustment to the conversion
rate for the Convertible Notes under the terms of the Indenture. As a result of this adjustment, the conversion rate for the
Convertible Notes in effect as of the opening of business on February 1, 2017 is 13.9061 shares of the Company’s common
stock per $1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes, which corresponds to a conversion price of approximately $71.91 per
share of common stock. Corresponding adjustments were made to the conversion rates for the Convertible Note Hedge and
Warrant Transactions as of the opening of business on February 1, 2017.
Historically, significant portions of our cash inﬂows were generated by our operations. We currently expect this trend to
continue throughout 2017. We believe that our existing cash and investments together with cash ﬂows expected from
operations will be sufficient to meet expected operating and capital expenditure requirements for the next 12 months. We
continue to search for suitable acquisition candidates and could acquire or make investments in companies we believe are
related to our strategic objectives. We could from time to time continue to seek to raise additional funds through the issuance of
debt or equity securities for larger acquisitions, potential redemption of our Convertible Notes and for general corporate
purposes.
47