CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
In April 2015, Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an accounting standard update on customer's accounting for
fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement. The amendments in this update provide guidance about whether a cloud
computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the
customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with other software licenses. If a cloud
computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service
contract. The Company adopted this standard effective January 1, 2016 on a prospective basis. Adoption of this standard did not
have a material impact on the Company's financial position and results of operations.
In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an accounting standard update on revenue recognition.
The new guidance creates a single, principle-based model for revenue recognition and expands and improves disclosures about
revenue. In July 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an accounting standard update that defers the effective
date of the new revenue recognition standard by one year. The new guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning
on or after December 15, 2017, and must be adopted using either a full retrospective approach for all periods presented in the
period of adoption or a modified retrospective approach. The Company has completed its assessment of its information
technology systems, data and processes related to the implementation of this accounting standard. Additionally, the Company
has substantially completed its information technology system design and solution development, and will commence
implementation of the solution in the first quarter of ﬁscal 2017. The Company expects to adopt the accounting standard update
on a modified retrospective basis in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, and is currently evaluating the potential impact of this
standard on its financial position and results of operations. Under the new standard the Company expects to capitalize and
amortize certain commissions over the expected customer life rather than expensing them as incurred. Additionally, under the
new standard, the Company would be required to recognize term license revenues upfront at time of delivery rather than ratably
over the related contract period. The Company expects revenue recognition related to perpetual software, hardware, cloud
offerings and professional services to remain substantially unchanged.
20. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
On July 26, 2016, the Company entered into definitive agreements with GetGo, Inc., its wholly-owned subsidiary
(“GetGo”), and LogMeIn, Inc. (“LogMeIn”), with respect to a Reverse Morris Trust transaction. Subject to the terms and
conditions of those agreements, the Company transferred its GoTo Business to GetGo, and after the close of business on
January 31, 2017, the Company distributed approximately 26.9 million shares of GetGo common stock to the Company’s
stockholders of record as of the close of business on January 20, 2017 (the “Record Date”). Immediately following the
Distribution, Lithium Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of LogMeIn, merged with and into GetGo, with GetGo as
the surviving corporation (the “Merger”). In connection with the Merger, GetGo became a wholly-owned subsidiary of
LogMeIn, and each share of GetGo common stock was converted into the right to receive one share of LogMeIn common
stock. As a result of these transactions, the Company’s stockholders received approximately 26.9 million shares of LogMeIn
common stock in the aggregate, or 0.171844291 of a share of LogMeIn common stock for each share of the Company’s
common stock held of record by such stockholders on the Record Date. No fractional shares of LogMeIn were issued, and the
Company’s stockholders instead received cash in lieu of any fractional shares.
The conversion period for the Convertible Notes that commenced on October 10, 2016 in connection with the
Distribution terminated as of the close of business on January 31, 2017. As a result, the Convertible Notes were reclassiﬁed to
Other liabilities from Current liabilities and the amount previously recorded as Temporary equity was reclassified to permanent
equity as of January 31, 2017. The Distribution also resulted in an adjustment to the conversion rate for the Convertible Notes
under the terms of the Indenture. As a result of this adjustment, the conversion rate for the Convertible Notes in effect as of the
opening of business on February 1, 2017 is 13.9061 shares of the Company’s common stock per $1,000 principal amount of
Convertible Notes, which corresponds to a conversion price of approximately $71.91 per share of common stock.
Corresponding adjustments were made to the conversion rates for the Convertible Note Hedge and Warrant Transactions as of
the opening of business on February 1, 2017.
In connection with the Distribution, the Company made certain adjustments to outstanding restricted stock unit and stock
option awards with the intention of preserving the intrinsic value of the awards prior to the Distribution. There was no change
to the vesting terms of these awards. As a result of these adjustments, the Company currently expects to incur incremental
expense in the first quarter of 20 17.
As a result of the separation of the GoTo Business, the Company has evaluated its existing tax attributes to reﬂect the
continuing operations of the Company. The Company expects to record a $45.2 million charge to income tax expense in the
first quarter of 2017 as a result of changes in its expectations of realizability of state R&D credits due directly to the separation
of the GoTo Business. The Company will have less income subject to taxation in California, and therefore, the R&D credits
will not be able to be utilized.
F-41