Increase in the cost, disruption of supply or shortage of energy or fuels could aﬂect our profitability.
Our Company-owned or -controlled bottlers operate a large ﬂeet of trucks and other motor vehicles to distribute and deliver
beverage products to customers. In addition, we use a significant amount of electricity, natural gas and other energy sources to
operate our concentrate, syrup and juice production plants and the bottling plants and distribution facilities operated by our
Company-owned or -controlled bottlers. An increase in the price, disruption of supply or shortage of fuel and other energy
sources in countries in which we have concentrate plants, or in any of the major markets in which our Company-owned or
-controlled bottlers operate, that may be caused by increasing demand or by events such as natural disasters, power outages, or
the like could increase our operating costs and negatively impact our profitability.
Our independent bottling partners also operate large ﬂeets of trucks and other motor vehicles to distribute and deliver beverage
products to their own customers and use a significant amount of electricity, natural gas and other energy sources to operate their
own bottling plants and distribution facilities. An increase in the price, disruption of supply or shortage of fuel and other energy
sources in any of the major markets in which our independent bottling partners operate could increase the aﬁected independent
bottling partners' operating costs and thus indirectly negatively impact our results of operations.
Increase in the cost, disruption of supply or shortage of ingredients, other raw materials or packaging materials could harm
our business.
We and our bottling partners use various ingredients in our business, including HFCS, sucrose, aspartame, acesulfame
potassium, sucralose, saccharin, cyclamate, steviol glycosides, ascorbic acid, citric acid, phosphoric acid, caffeine and caramel
color; other raw materials such as orange and other fruit juice and juice concentrates; and packaging materials such as PET for
bottles and aluminum for cans. The prices for these ingredients, other raw materials and packaging materials ﬂuctuate
depending on market conditions. Substantial increases in the prices of our or our bottling partners' ingredients, other raw
materials and packaging materials, to the extent they cannot be recouped through increases in the prices of ﬁnished beverage
products, would increase our and our bottling partners' operating costs and could reduce our profitability. Increases in the prices
of our ﬁnished products resulting from a higher cost of ingredients, other raw materials and packaging materials could affect
affordability in some markets and reduce Coca-Cola system sales. In addition, some of our ingredients, such as aspartame,
acesulfame potassium, sucralose, saccharin and ascorbic acid, as well as some packaging containers, such as aluminum cans,
are available from a limited number of suppliers, and certain other ingredients are available from only one source each.
Furthermore, some of our suppliers are located in countries experiencing political or other risks. We cannot assure you that we
and our bottling partners will be able to maintain favorable arrangements and relationships with these suppliers or that our
contingency plans will be effective in preventing disruptions that may arise from shortages of any ingredient that is available
from a limited number of suppliers or from only one source.
The citrus industry is impacted by the variability of weather conditions and by greening disease, which affect the supply of
orange juice and orange juice concentrate, which are important raw materials for our business. In particular, freezing weather or
hurricanes in central Florida may result in shortages and higher prices for orange juice and orange juice concentrate throughout
the industry. In addition, greening disease is reducing the number of citrus trees and increasing grower costs and prices.
Adverse weather conditions may affect the supply of other agricultural commodities from which key ingredients for our
products are derived. For example, drought conditions in certain parts of the United States may negatively affect the supply of
corn, which in turn may result in shortages of and higher prices for HFCS.
An increase in the cost, a sustained interruption in the supply, or a shortage of some of these ingredients, other raw materials,
packaging materials or cans and other containers that may be caused by a deterioration of our or our bottling partners'
relationships with suppliers; by supplier quality and reliability issues, or by events such as natural disasters, power outages,
labor strikes, political uncertainties or governmental instability, or the like could negatively impact our net operating revenues
and profits.
Changes in laws and regulations relating to beverage containers and packaging could increase our costs and reduce
demand for our products.
We and our bottlers currently oﬁer nonreflllable recyclable containers in the United States and in various other markets around
the world. Legal requirements have been enacted in various jurisdictions in the United States and overseas requiring that
deposits or certain ecotaxes or fees be charged in connection with the sale, marketing and use of certain beverage containers.
Other proposals relating to beverage container deposits, recycling, ecotax and/or product stewardship have been introduced in
various jurisdictions in the United States and overseas, and we anticipate that similar legislation or regulations may be proposed
in the future at local, state and federal levels, both in the United States and elsewhere. Consumers' increased concerns and
changing attitudes about solid waste streams and environmental responsibility and the related publicity could result in the
adoption of such legislation or regulations. If these types of requirements are adopted and implemented on a large scale in any
of the major markets in which we operate, they could affect our costs or require changes in our distribution model, which could
reduce our net operating revenues and profitability.
l4