THE COCA-COLA COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 1: BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Description of Business
The Coca-Cola Company is the world's largest beverage company. We own or license and market more than 500 nonalcoholic
beverage brands including sparkling beverages and a variety of still beverages such as waters, ﬂavored waters and enhanced
waters, juices and juice drinks, ready-to-drink teas and coﬂees, sports drinks, dairy, and energy drinks. We own and market four
of the world's top five nonalcoholic sparkling beverage brands: Coca-Cola, Diet Coke, F anta and Sprite. Finished beverage
products bearing our trademarks, sold in the United States since 1886, are now sold in more than 200 countries.
We make our branded beverage products available to consumers throughout the world through our network of Company-owned
or -controlled bottling and distribution operations, as well as independent bottling partners, distributors, wholesalers and
retailers — the world’s largest beverage distribution system. Beverages bearing trademarks owned by or licensed to us account
for more than 1.9 billion of the approximately 59 billion servings of all beverages consumed worldwide every day.
Our Company markets, manufactures and sells:
° beverage concentrates, sometimes referred to as "beverage bases," and syrups, including fountain syrups (we refer to this
part of our business as our "concentrate business" or "concentrate operations"); and
- finished sparkling and still beverages (we refer to this part of our business as our "finished product business" or "ﬁnished
product operations").
Generally, finished product operations generate higher net operating revenues but lower gross profit margins than concentrate
operations.
In our concentrate operations, we typically generate net operating revenues by selling concentrates and syrups to authorized
bottling and canning operations (to which we typically refer as our "bottlers" or our "bottling partners"). Our bottling partners
either combine the concentrates with sweeteners (depending on the product), still water and/or sparkling water, or combine the
syrups with sparkling water to produce finished beverages. The finished beverages are packaged in authorized containers —
such as cans and refillable and nonrefillable glass and plastic bottles — bearing our trademarks or trademarks licensed to us
and are then sold to retailers directly or, in some cases, through wholesalers or other bottlers. Outside the United States, we also
sell concentrates for fountain beverages to our bottling partners who are typically authorized to manufacture fountain syrups,
which they sell to fountain retailers such as restaurants and convenience stores which use the fountain syrups to produce
beverages for immediate consumption, or to authorized fountain wholesalers who in turn sell and distribute the fountain syrups
to fountain retailers.
Our finished product operations consist primarily of Company-owned or -controlled bottling, sales and distribution operations,
including Coca-Cola Refreshments' ("CCR") bottling and associated supply chain operations in the United States and Canada,
and are included in our Bottling Investments operating segment. Our finished product operations generate net operating
revenues by selling sparkling beverages and a variety of still beverages, such as juices and juice drinks, energy and sports
drinks, ready-to-drink teas and coffees, and certain water products, to retailers or to distributors, wholesalers and bottling
partners who distribute them to retailers. In addition, in the United States, we manufacture fountain syrups and sell them to
fountain retailers, such as restaurants and convenience stores who use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate
consumption, or to authorized fountain wholesalers or bottling partners who resell the fountain syrups to fountain retailers.
These fountain syrup sales are included in our North America operating segment. We authorize these wholesalers to resell our
fountain syrups through nonexclusive appointments that neither restrict us in setting the prices at which we sell fountain syrups
to the wholesalers nor restrict the territories in which the wholesalers may resell in the United States.
Summary 0fSigniﬁcantAccounting Policies
Basis of Presentation
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States ("US GAAP"). The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Although these estimates are based on our
knowledge of current events and actions we may undertake in the future, actual results may ultimately diﬁer from these
78