The principal non-nutritive sweeteners we use in our business are aspartame, acesulfame potassium, sucralose, saccharin,
cyclamate and steviol glycoside. Generally, these raw materials are readily available from numerous sources. However, our
Company purchases aspartame, an important non-nutritive sweetener that is used alone or in combination with other important
non-nutritive sweeteners such as saccharin or acesulfame potassium in our low- and no-calorie sparkling beverage products,
primarily from Ajinomoto Co., Inc. and SinoSweet Co., Ltd., which we consider to be our primary sources for the supply of
this product. In addition, we purchase sucralose, which we consider a critical raw material, from a limited number of suppliers
in the United States and China. We work closely with our primary sucralose suppliers to maintain continuity of supply.
However, global demand for sucralose has increased in recent years as consumer products companies are reformulating food
and beverages to replace high-intensity sweeteners with non-nutritive sweeteners, primarily sucralose. In addition, the Chinese
sucralose industry has been impacted by the imposition of stringent environmental requirements that have reduced or closed
production. To mitigate the impact of the increase in demand and tightening of supply of sucralose, we are working with our
existing suppliers to secure additional volume and are expanding our sucralose supplier base as well as assessing additional
internal contingency plans to address any potential shortages. Our Company generally has not experienced major diﬁiculties in
obtaining its requirements for non-nutritive sweeteners and we do not anticipate such difficulties in the future.
Juice and juice concentrate from various fruits, particularly orange juice and orange juice concentrate, are the principal raw
materials for our juice and juice drink products. We source our orange juice and orange juice concentrate primarily from
Florida and the Southern Hemisphere (particularly Brazil). We work closely with Cutrale Citrus Juices U.S.A., Inc., our
primary supplier of orange juice from Florida and Brazil, to ensure an adequate supply of orange juice and orange juice
concentrate that meets our Company's standards. However, the citrus industry is impacted by greening disease and the
variability of weather conditions. In particular, freezing weather or hurricanes in central Florida may result in shortages and
higher prices for orange juice and orange juice concentrate throughout the industry. In addition, greening disease is reducing the
number of trees and increasing grower costs and prices.
Our Company-owned or consolidated bottling and canning operations and our finished product business also purchase various
other raw materials including, but not limited to, polyethylene terephthalate ("PET") resin, preforms and bottles; glass and
aluminum bottles; aluminum and steel cans; plastic closures; aseptic fiber packaging; labels; cartons; cases; postmix packaging;
and carbon dioxide. We generally purchase these raw materials from multiple suppliers and historically have not experienced
signiﬁcant shortages.
Patents, Copyrights, Trade Secrets and Trademarks
Our Company owns numerous patents, copyrights and trade secrets, as well as substantial know-how and technology, which we
collectively refer to in this report as "technology." This technology generally relates to our Company's products and the
processes for their production; the packages used for our products; the design and operation of various processes and
equipment used in our business; and certain quality assurance software. Some of the technology is licensed to suppliers and
other parties. Our sparkling beverage and other beverage formulae are among the important trade secrets of our Company.
We own numerous trademarks that are very important to our business. Depending upon the jurisdiction, trademarks are valid as
long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained. Pursuant to our bottler's agreements, we authorize our
bottlers to use applicable Company trademarks in connection with their manufacture, sale and distribution of Company
products. In addition, we grant licenses to third parties from time to time to use certain of our trademarks in conjunction with
certain merchandise and food products.
Governmental Regulation
Our Company is required to comply, and it is our policy to comply, with all applicable laws in the numerous countries
throughout the world in which we do business. In many jurisdictions, compliance with competition laws is of special
importance to us, and our operations may come under special scrutiny by competition law authorities due to our competitive
position in those jurisdictions.
In the United States, the safety, production, transportation, distribution, advertising, labeling and sale of our Company's
products and their ingredients are subject to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; the Federal Trade Commission Act; the
Lanham Act; state consumer protection laws; competition laws; federal, state and local workplace health and safety laws;
various federal, state and local environmental protection laws; and various other federal, state and local statutes and
regulations. Outside the United States, our business is subject to numerous similar statutes and regulations, as well as other
legal and regulatory requirements.
8