In 2014, the Company incurred other operating charges of $1,183 million. These charges primarily consisted of $601 million
due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program and $208 million due to the integration of our German bottling
operations. In addition, the Company incurred a charge of $3 14 million due to a write-down we recorded related to receivables
from our bottling partner in Venezuela and an impairment of a Venezuelan trademark primarily due to higher exchange rates.
The write-down was recorded as a result of our revised assessment of the US. dollar value we expect to realize upon the
conversion of the Venezuelan bolivar into US. dollars by our bottling partner to pay our concentrate sales receivables. The
Company also recorded a loss of $36 million as a result of the restructuring and transition of the Company's Russian juice
operations to an existing joint venture with an unconsolidated bottling partner. Refer to Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements and see below for additional information on our productivity and reinvestment program as well as the
Company's other productivity, integration and restructuring initiatives. Refer to Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information on the Venezuelan currency rate change. Refer to Note 19 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for the impact these charges had on our operating segments.
Productivity and Reinvestment Program
In February 2012, the Company announced a four-year productivity and reinvestment program designed to further enable our
efforts to strengthen our brands and reinvest our resources to drive long-term profitable growth. This program is focused on the
following initiatives: global supply chain optimization; global marketing and innovation eﬁectiveness, operating
expense leverage and operational excellence; data and information technology systems standardization; and the integration
of Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc.'s ("Old CCE") former North America business.
In February 2014, the Company announced the expansion of our productivity and reinvestment program to drive incremental
productivity by 2016 that will primarily be redirected into increased media investments. Our incremental productivity goal
consists of two relatively equal components. First, we will expand savings through global supply chain optimization, data and
information technology systems standardization, and resource and cost reallocation. Second, we will increase the effectiveness
of our marketing investments by transforming our marketing and commercial model to redeploy resources into more consumer—
facing marketing investments to accelerate growth.
In October 2014, the Company announced that we were further expanding our productivity and reinvestment program and
extending it through 2019. The expansion of the productivity initiatives will focus on four key areas: restructuring the
Company's global supply chain; implementing zero-based work, an evolution of zero-based budget principles, across the
organization; streamlining and simplifying the Company's operating model; and further driving increased discipline and
efficiency in direct marketing investments. The Company expects that the expanded productivity initiatives will generate an
incremental $2 billion in annualized productivity. This productivity will enable the Company to fund marketing initiatives and
innovation required to deliver sustainable net revenue growth and will also support margin expansion and increased returns on
invested capital over time. We expect to achieve total annualized productivity of approximately $3.6 billion by 2019 from the
initiatives implemented under this program since it began in 2012 and have incurred total pretax expenses of $2,408 million
since the program commenced. Refer to Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Integration of Our German Bottling Operations
In 2008, the Company began the integration of our German bottling operations acquired in 2007. Since the integration
commenced, the Company has incurred total pretax expenses of $1,367 million primarily related to involuntary terminations.
During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company deconsolidated our German bottling operations. Refer to Note 2 and
Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Operating Income and Operating Margin
Information about our operating income contribution by operating segment on a percentage basis is as follows:
iYear Ended December 31, 2016 2015 2014 7
Europe, Middle East & Africa 42.6% 44.4% 40.6%
Latin America 22.6 24.9 23.8
North America 30.0 27.1 23.1
Asia Pacific 25.8 25.1 25.2
Bottling Investments (1.6) 1.4 2.2
Corporate (19.4) (22.9) (14.9)
Total 100.0% 100.0% 100.0%,
53