Changes in, or failure to comply with, the laws and regulations applicable to our products or our business operations could
increase our costs or reduce our net operating revenues.
Our Company's business is subject to various laws and regulations in the numerous countries throughout the world in which we
do business, including laws and regulations relating to competition, product safety, advertising and labeling, container deposits,
recycling and product stewardship, the protection of the environment, and employment and labor practices. In the United
States, the safety, production, transportation, distribution, advertising, labeling and sale of our products and their ingredients are
subject to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; the Federal Trade Commission Act; the Lanham Act; state consumer
protection laws; competition laws; federal, state and local workplace health and safety laws; various federal, state and local
environmental protection laws; and various other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. Outside the United States, our
business is subject to numerous similar statutes and regulations, as well as other legal and regulatory requirements. Changes in
applicable laws or regulations or evolving interpretations thereof, including increased government regulations to limit carbon
dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions as a result of concern over climate change, or regulations to limit or eliminate the
use of EPA, or regulations to limit or impose additional costs on commercial water use due to local water scarcity concerns,
may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures and other financial obligations for us and our bottling partners,
which could affect our profitability, or may impede the production, distribution, marketing and sale of our products, which
could affect our net operating revenues. In addition, failure to comply with environmental, health or safety requirements, US.
trade sanctions, the US. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable laws or regulations could result in the assessment
of damages, the imposition of penalties, suspension of production or distribution, costly changes to equipment or processes due
to required corrective action, or a cessation or interruption of operations at our or our bottling partners' facilities, as well as
damage to our or our bottling partners' image and reputation, all of which could harm our or our bottling partners' profitability.
Changes in accounting standards could affect our reported financial results.
New accounting standards or pronouncements that may become applicable to our Company from time to time, or changes in
the interpretation of existing standards and pronouncements, could have a significant effect on our reported financial results for
the affected periods.
If we are not able to achieve our overall long-term growth objectives, the value of an investment in our Company could be
negatively ajfected.
We have established and publicly announced certain long-term growth objectives. These objectives were based on, among other
things, our evaluation of our growth prospects, which are generally driven by the sales potential of our many beverage
products, some of which are more profitable than others, and on an assessment of the potential price and product mix. There
can be no assurance that we will realize the sales potential and the price and product mix necessary to achieve our long-term
growth objectives.
If global credit market conditions deteriorate, our ﬁnancial performance could be adversely affected
The cost and availability of credit vary by market and are subject to changes in the global or regional economic environment. If
conditions in major credit markets deteriorate, our and our bottling partners' ability to obtain debt financing on favorable terms
may be negatively aﬁected, which could affect our and our bottling partners' profitability as well as our share of the income of
bottling partners in which we have equity method investments. A decrease in availability of consumer credit resulting from
unfavorable credit market conditions, as well as general unfavorable economic conditions, may also cause consumers to reduce
their discretionary spending, which could reduce the demand for our beverages and negatively affect our and our bottling
partners' financial performance.
Default by or failure of one or more of our counterparty ﬁnancial institutions could cause us to incur significant losses.
As part of our hedging activities, we enter into transactions involving derivative financial instruments, including forward
contracts, commodity futures contracts, option contracts, collars and swaps, with various financial institutions. In addition, we
have signiﬁcant amounts of cash, cash equivalents and other investments on deposit or in accounts with banks or other
ﬁnancial institutions in the United States and abroad. As a result, we are exposed to the risk of default by or failure of
counterparty financial institutions. The risk of counterparty default or failure may be heightened during economic downturns
and periods of uncertainty in the financial markets. If one of our counterparties were to become insolvent or file for bankruptcy,
our ability to recover losses incurred as a result of default or to retrieve our assets that are deposited or held in accounts with
such counterparty may be limited by the counterparty's liquidity or the applicable laws governing the insolvency or bankruptcy
proceedings. In the event of default by or failure of one or more of our counterparties, we could incur significant losses, which
could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
18