Consumer demand determines the optimal menu of Company product offerings. Consumer demand can vary from one market
to another and can change over time within a single market. Employing our business strategy, our Company seeks to further
build its existing brands and, at the same time, to broaden its portfolio of brands, products and services in order to create and
satisfy consumer demand in every market.
We measure the volume of Company beverage products sold in two ways: (1) unit cases of finished products and
(2) concentrate sales. As used in this report, "unit case" means a unit of measurement equal to 192 US. ﬂuid ounces of ﬁnished
beverage (24 eight-ounce servings), and "unit case volume" means the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of
Company beverage products directly or indirectly sold by the Company and its bottling partners ("Coca-Cola system") to
customers. Unit case volume primarily consists of beverage products bearing Company trademarks. Also included in unit case
volume are certain products licensed to, or distributed by, our Company, and brands owned by Coca-Cola system bottlers for
which our Company provides marketing support and from the sale of which we derive economic benefit. In addition, unit case
volume includes sales by certain joint ventures in which the Company has an equity interest. We believe unit case volume is
one of the measures of the underlying strength of the Coca-Cola system because it measures trends at the consumer level. The
unit case volume numbers used in this report are derived based on estimates received by the Company from its bottling partners
and distributors. Concentrate sales volume represents the amount of concentrates and syrups (in all instances expressed in
equivalent unit cases) sold by, or used in finished beverages sold by, the Company to its bottling partners or other customers.
Unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates are not necessarily equal during any given period. Factors such as
seasonality, bottlers' inventory practices, supply point changes, timing of price increases, new product introductions and
changes in product mix can impact unit case volume and concentrate sales volume and can create differences between unit case
volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates. In addition to the items mentioned above, the impact of unit case volume
from certain joint ventures in which the Company has an equity interest but to which the Company does not sell concentrates or
syrups may give rise to diﬁerences between unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates.
Distribution System
We make our branded beverage products available to consumers in more than 200 countries through our network of Company-
owned or -controlled bottling and distribution operations, independent bottling partners, distributors, wholesalers and
retailers — the world’s largest beverage distribution system. Consumers enjoy finished beverage products bearing trademarks
owned by or licensed to us at a rate of more than 1.9 billion servings each day. We continue to expand our marketing presence
in an eﬁort to increase our unit case volume and net operating revenues in developed, developing and emerging markets. Our
strong and stable bottling and distribution system helps us to capture growth by manufacturing, distributing and marketing
existing, enhanced and new innovative products to our consumers throughout the world.
The Coca-Cola system sold 29.3 billion, 29.2 billion and 28.6 billion unit cases of our products in 2016, 2015 and 20 14,
respectively. Sparkling beverages represented 72 percent, 73 percent and 73 percent of our worldwide unit case volume for
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Trademark Coca-Cola accounted for 45 percent, 46 percent and 46 percent of our
worldwide unit case volume for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
In 2016, unit case volume in the United States represented 19 percent of the Company's worldwide unit case volume. Of the
US. unit case volume, 66 percent was attributable to sparkling beverages and 34 percent to still beverages. Trademark
Coca-Cola accounted for 42 percent of US. unit case volume. Unit case volume outside the United States represented
81 percent of the Company's worldwide unit case volume for 2016. The countries outside the United States in which our unit
case volumes were the largest were Mexico, China, Brazil and Japan, which together accounted for 31 percent of our
worldwide unit case volume. Of the non-US. unit case volume, 73 percent was attributable to sparkling beverages and
27 percent to still beverages. Trademark Coca-Cola accounted for 46 percent of non-US. unit case volume.
Our five largest independent bottling partners based on unit case volume in 2016 were:
- Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de CV. ("Coca-Cola FEMSA"), which has bottling and distribution operations in Mexico
(a substantial part of central Mexico, including Mexico City, as well as southeast and northeast Mexico), Guatemala
(Guatemala City and surrounding areas), Nicaragua (nationwide), Costa Rica (nationwide), Panama (nationwide),
Colombia (most of the country), Venezuela (nationwide), Brazil (greater Sﬁo Paulo, Campiﬁas, Santos, the state of
Mato Grosso do Sul, the state of Parana, the state of Santa Catarina, part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, part of the
state of Goias, part of the state of Rio de Janeiro and part of the state of Minas Gerais), Argentina (federal capital of
Buenos Aires and surrounding areas) and the Philippines (nationwide);
- Coca-Cola European Partners plc ("CCEP"), which has bottling and distribution operations in Andorra, Belgium,
France, Germany, Great Britain, Iceland, Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain and
Sweden;
4