An analysis of our deferred tax asset valuation allowances is as follows (in millions):
iYear Ended December 31, 2016 2015 2014 7
Balance at beginning of year $ 477 SB 649 $ 586
Additions 68 42 104
Decrease due to reclassification to assets held for sale (9) (163) —
:Deductions (6) (5 1) (41):
Balance at end of year $ 530 $ 477 $ 649 r
The Company's deferred tax asset valuation allowances are primarily the result of uncertainties regarding the future realization
of recorded tax benefits on tax loss carryforwards from operations in various jurisdictions. Current evidence does not suggest
we will realize sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character within the carryforward period to allow us to realize these
deferred tax benefits. If we were to identify and implement tax planning strategies to recover these deferred tax assets or
generate sufficient income of the appropriate character in these jurisdictions in the future, it could lead to the reversal of these
valuation allowances and a reduction of income tax expense. The Company believes that it will generate suﬁicient future
taxable income to realize the tax benefits related to the remaining net deferred tax assets in our consolidated balance sheets.
In 2016, the Company recognized a net increase of $53 million in its valuation allowances. This increase was primarily due to
the increase in non-deductible expenses incurred during the normal course of business operations.
In 2015, the Company recognized a net decrease of $172 million in its valuation allowances. As a result of our German bottling
operations meeting the criteria to be classified as held for sale, the Company was required to present the related assets and
liabilities as separate line items in our consolidated balance sheets. In addition, the changes in net operating losses during the
normal course of business and changes in deferred tax assets and related valuation allowances on certain equity investments
also contributed to a decrease in the valuation allowances. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in the valuation
allowances primarily due to the impact of currency devaluations in Venezuela on certain receivables.
In 2014, the Company recognized a net increase of $63 million in its valuation allowances. This increase was primarily due to
the increase in net operating losses during the normal course of business operations and due to the remeasurement of the net
monetary assets of our local Venezuelan subsidiary into US. dollars using the SICAD 2 exchange rate. The Company
recognized a reduction in the valuation allowances primarily due to changes in deferred tax assets and related valuation
allowances on certain equity investments and decreases in net operating losses during the normal course of business operations.
NOTE 15: OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
AOCI attributable to shareowners of The Coca-Cola Company is separately presented in our consolidated balance sheets as a
component of The Coca-Cola Company's shareowners' equity, which also includes our proportionate share of equity method
investees' AOCI. OCI attributable to noncontrolling interests is allocated to, and included in, our balance sheets as part of the
line item equity attributable to noncontrolling interests.
AOCI attributable to shareowners of The Coca-Cola Company consisted of the following, net of tax (in millions):
iDecember 31, 2016 2015 7
Foreign currency translation adjustments $ (9,780) $ (9,167)
Accumulated derivative net gains (losses) 314 696
Unrealized net gains (losses) on available-for—sale securities 305 288
Adjustments to pension and other benefit liabilities (2,044) (1,991)
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) $ (11,205) $ (10,174)
123