North America Reﬁanchising
In conjunction with implementing a new beverage partnership model in North America, the Company refranchised bottling
territories that were previously managed by CCR to certain of our unconsolidated bottling partners. These territories generally
border these bottlers' existing territories, allowing each bottler to better service local customers and provide more eﬁicient
execution. By entering into comprehensive beverage agreements ("CBAs") with each of the bottlers, we granted certain
exclusive territory rights for the distribution, promotion, marketing and sale of Company-owned and licensed beverage
products as defined by the CBA. In some cases, the Company has entered into, or agreed to enter into, manufacturing
agreements that authorize certain bottlers that have executed a CBA to manufacture certain beverage products. If a bottler has
not entered into a specific manufacturing agreement, then under the CBA for these territories, CCR retains the rights to produce
these beverage products and the bottlers will purchase from CCR (or other Company-authorized manufacturing bottlers)
substantially all of the related finished products needed in order to service the customers in these territories.
Each CBA generally has a term of 10 years and is renewable, in most cases by the bottler and in some cases by the Company,
indefinitely for successive additional terms of 10 years each. Under the CBA, the bottlers will make ongoing quarterly
payments to the Company based on their gross profit in the refranchised territories throughout the term of the CBA, including
renewals, in exchange for the grant of the exclusive territory rights.
Contemporaneously with the grant of these rights, the Company sold the distribution assets, certain working capital items, and
the exclusive rights to distribute certain beverage brands not owned by the Company, but distributed by CCR, in each of these
territories to the respective bottlers in exchange for cash. These rights include, where applicable, the distribution rights acquired
from Monster in 2015 for the respective territories.
In 2016, the Company formed a new National Product Supply System ("NPSS") to facilitate optimal operation of the US.
product supply system. Under the NPSS, the Company and several of its existing independent producing bottlers administer
key national product supply activities for these bottlers. Additionally, we have sold or are in the process of selling certain
production facilities from CCR to these independent producing bottlers in exchange for cash.
During the years ended December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, cash proceeds from these sales
totaled $1,017 million, $362 million and $143 million, respectively. Included in the cash proceeds for the years ended
December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 was $279 million, $83 million and $42 million, respectively,
from Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated ("CCBCC"), an equity method investee.
Under the applicable accounting guidance, we were required to derecognize all of the tangible assets sold as well as the
intangible assets transferred, including distribution rights, customer relationships and an allocated portion of goodwill related to
these territories. We recognized losses of $2,456 million, $1,006 million and $799 million during the years ended December 31,
2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively. These losses primarily related to the derecognition of the
intangible assets transferred or reclassified as held for sale and were included in the line item other income (loss) — net in our
consolidated statements of income. See further discussion of assets and liabilities held for sale below. We expect to recover the
value of the intangible assets transferred to the bottlers under the CBAs through the future quarterly payments; however, as the
payments for the territory rights are dependent on the bottlers' future gross profit in these territories, they are considered a form
of contingent consideration.
There is diversity in practice as it relates to the accounting for contingent consideration by the seller. The seller can account for
the future contingent payments received as a gain contingency, recognizing the amounts in the income statement only after the
related contingencies are resolved and the gain is realized, which in this arrangement will be quarterly as the bottlers earn gross
profit in the transferred territories. Alternatively, the seller can record a receivable for the contingent consideration at fair value
on the date of sale and record any future differences between the payments received and this receivable in the income statement
as they occur. We elected the gain contingency treatment since the quarterly payments will be received throughout the terms of
the CBAs, including all subsequent renewals, regardless of the cumulative amount received as compared to the value of the
intangible assets transferred.
During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company incurred $31 million of expense related to payments made to certain
of our unconsolidated bottling partners in order to convert the bottling agreements for their legacy territories and any
previously refranchised territories to a single form of CBA with additional requirements. The additional requirements generally
include a binding national governance model, mandatory incidence pricing and additional core performance requirements,
among other things. As a result of these conversions, the legacy territories and any previously refranchised territories for each
of the related bottling partners will be governed under similar CBAs, which will provide consistency across each such bottler’s
respective territory, and consistency with other US. bottlers that have been granted or converted to this form of CBA. The
expense related to these payments was included in the line item other income (loss) — net in our consolidated statement of
income during the year ended December 31, 2016.
90