Investments in Equity and Debt Securities
The carrying values of our investments in equity securities are determined using the equity method, the cost method or the fair
value method. We account for investments in companies that we do not control or account for under the equity method either at
fair value or under the cost method, as applicable. Investments in equity securities, other than investments accounted for under
the equity method, are carried at fair value if the fair value of the security is readily determinable. Equity investments carried at
fair value are classified as either trading or available-for—sale securities. Realized and unrealized gains and losses on trading
securities and realized gains and losses on available-for—sale securities are included in net income. Unrealized gains and losses,
net of deferred taxes, on available-for—sale securities are included in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI"), except for the change in fair value attributable to the currency risk
being hedged, if applicable, which is included in net income. Trading securities are reported as either marketable securities or
other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. Securities classiﬁed as available-for—sale are reported as either marketable
securities or other investments in our consolidated balance sheets, depending on the length of time we intend to hold the
investment. Investments in equity securities that do not qualify for fair value accounting or equity method accounting are
accounted for under the cost method. In accordance with the cost method, our initial investment is recorded at cost and we
record dividend income when applicable dividends are declared. Cost method investments are reported as other investments in
our consolidated balance sheets.
Our investments in debt securities are carried at either amortized cost or fair value. Investments in debt securities that the
Company has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity are carried at amortized cost and classified as held-to-maturity.
Investments in debt securities that are not classified as held-to-maturity are carried at fair value and classified as either trading
or available-for-sale.
The following table presents the carrying values of our investments in equity and debt securities (in millions):
Percentage
Carrying of Total
December 31, 2016 Value Assets1
Equity method investments 38 16,260 19%
Securities classified as available-for-sale 6,413 7
Securities classified as trading 384 *
Cost method investments 140 *
Total $ 23,197 27%?
* Accounts for less than 1 percent of the Company's total assets.
1 The total percentage does not add due to rounding.
Investments classified as trading securities are not assessed for impairment, since they are carried at fair value with the change
in fair value included in net income. We review our investments in equity and debt securities that are accounted for using the
equity method or cost method or that are classified as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity each reporting period to determine
whether a significant event or change in circumstances has occurred that may have an adverse effect on the fair value of each
investment. When such events or changes occur, we evaluate the fair value compared to our cost basis in the investment. We
also perform this evaluation every reporting period for each investment for which our cost basis has exceeded the fair value.
The fair values of most of our Company's investments in publicly traded companies are often readily available based on quoted
market prices. For investments in nonpublicly traded companies, management's assessment of fair value is based on valuation
methodologies including discounted cash ﬂows, estimates of sales proceeds and appraisals, as appropriate. We consider the
assumptions that we believe hypothetical marketplace participants would use in evaluating estimated future cash ﬂows when
employing the discounted cash ﬂow or estimates of sales proceeds valuation methodologies. The ability to accurately predict
future cash ﬂows, especially in emerging and developing markets, may impact the determination of fair value.
In the event the fair value of an investment declines below our cost basis, management is required to determine if the decline in
fair value is other than temporary. If management determines the decline is other than temporary, an impairment charge is
recorded. Management's assessment as to the nature of a decline in fair value is based on, among other things, the length of
time and the extent to which the market value has been less than our cost basis, the financial condition and near-term prospects
of the issuer, and our intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated
recovery in market value.
36