Failure to adequately protect, or disputes relating to, trademarks, formulae and other intellectual property rights could
harm our business.
Our trademarks, formulae and other intellectual property rights (refer to the heading "Patents, Copyrights, Trade Secrets and
Trademarks" in "Item 1. Business" above) are essential to the success of our business. We cannot be certain that the legal steps
we are taking around the world are sufficient to protect our intellectual property rights or that, notwithstanding legal protection,
others do not or will not infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property rights. If we fail to adequately protect our
intellectual property rights, or if changes in laws diminish or remove the current legal protections available to them, the
competitiveness of our products may be eroded and our business could suffer. In addition, we could come into conﬂict with
third parties over intellectual property rights, which could result in disruptive and expensive litigation. Any of the foregoing
could harm our business.
Adverse weather conditions could reduce the demand for our products.
The sales of our products are inﬂuenced to some extent by weather conditions in the markets in which we operate. Unusually
cold or rainy weather during the summer months may have a temporary effect on the demand for our products and contribute to
lower sales, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations for such periods.
Climate change may have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
There is increasing concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures due to increased concentration of carbon
dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere will cause significant changes in weather patterns around the globe and
an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. Decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world
as a result of changing weather patterns may limit the availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities, such as
sugarcane, corn, sugar beets, citrus, coffee and tea, which are important sources of ingredients for our products, and could
impact the food security of communities around the world. Climate change may also exacerbate water scarcity and cause a
further deterioration of water quality in affected regions, which could limit water availability for the Coca-Cola system's
bottling operations. Increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities,
disrupt our supply chain or impact demand for our products. As a result, the effects of climate change could have a long-term
adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
If negative publicity, even if unwarranted, related to product safety or quality, human and workplace rights, obesity or other
issues damages our brand image and corporate reputation, our business may suffer:
Our success depends in large part on our ability to maintain the brand image of our existing products, build up brand image for
new products and brand extensions and maintain our corporate reputation. We cannot assure you, however, that our continuing
investment in advertising and marketing and our strong commitment to product safety and quality and human rights will have
the desired impact on our products' brand image and on consumer preferences. Product safety or quality issues, actual or
perceived, or allegations of product contamination, even when false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of the affected
brands and may cause consumers to choose other products. In some emerging markets, the production and sale of counterfeit or
"spurious" products, which we and our bottling partners may not be able to fully combat, may damage the image and reputation
of our products. In addition, from time to time, we and our executives engage in public policy endeavors that are either directly
related to our products and packaging or to our business operations and the general economic climate affecting the Company.
These engagements in public policy debates can occasionally be the subject of backlash from advocacy groups that have a
differing point of view and could result in adverse media and consumer reaction, including product boycotts. Similarly, our
sponsorship relationships could subject us to negative publicity as a result of actual or alleged misconduct by individuals or
entities associated with organizations we sponsor or support financially or through in—kind contributions. Likewise, campaigns
by activists connecting us, or our bottling system or supply chain, with human and workplace rights issues could adversely
impact our corporate image and reputation. Furthermore, in June 2011, the United Nations Human Rights Council endorsed the
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, which outlines how businesses should implement the corporate
responsibility to respect human rights principles included in the United Nations "Protect, Respect and Remedy" framework on
human rights. Through our Human Rights Policy, Code of Business Conduct and Supplier Guiding Principles, and our
participation in the United Nations Global Compact, as well as our active participation in the Global Business Initiative on
Human Rights, we made a number of commitments to respect all human rights. Allegations, even if untrue, that we are not
respecting one or more of the 30 human rights found in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights; actual or
perceived failure by our suppliers or other business partners to comply with applicable labor and workplace rights laws,
including child labor laws, or their actual or perceived abuse or misuse of migrant workers; and adverse publicity surrounding
obesity and health concerns related to our products, water usage, environmental impact, labor relations or the like could
negatively affect our Company's overall reputation and brand image, which in turn could have a negative impact on our
products’ acceptance by consumers. In addition, if we fail to protect our associates’ and our supply chain employees” human
rights, or inadvertently discriminate against any group of associates or hiring prospects, our ability to hire and retain the best
talent will be diminished, which could have an adverse impact on our overall business.
17