Gross realized and unrealized gains and losses on Level 3 assets and liabilities were not signiﬁcant for the years ended
December 31, 2016 and 2015.
The Company recognizes transfers between levels within the hierarchy as of the beginning of the reporting period. Gross
transfers between levels within the hierarchy were not significant for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015.
Nonreeurring Fair Value Measurements
In addition to assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, the Company records assets and liabilities
at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Generally,
assets are recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as a result of impairment charges.
The gains or losses on assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis are summarized in the table below (in millions):
7 Gains (Losses) 7
iDecember 31, 2016 2015 7
Assets held for sale1 $ (2,264) $ (980)
Intangible assets (153) 2 (473) 3
Investment in formerly unconsolidated subsidiary — (19) 4
Valuation of shares in equity method investee — (6) 5
Total $ (2,417) $ (1,478)
1 The Company is required to record assets and liabilities that are held for sale at the lower of carrying value or fair value less any costs to
sell based on the agreed-upon sale price. These losses related to refranchising activities in North America. The charges were calculated
based on Level 3 inputs. Refer to Note 2.
2 The Company recognized losses of $153 million during the year ended December 31, 2016 due to impairment charges on certain intangible
assets. The charges incurred during 2016 included $143 million related to the impairment of certain U.S. bottlers' franchise rights. This
charge was related to a number of factors, primarily as a result of lower operating performance compared to previously modeled results as
well as a revision in management's view of the proceeds that may be ultimately received upon refranchising the territory. The 2016 losses
also included a $10 million goodwill impairment charge, primarily the result of management's revised outlook on market conditions. The
charges were determined by comparing the fair value of the assets to the current carrying value. The fair value of the assets was derived
using discounted cash ﬂow analyses based on Level 3 inputs. Refer to Note 17.
3 The Company recognized losses of $473 million during the year ended December 31, 2015 due to impairment charges on certain intangible
assets. The charges incurred during 2015 included $418 million of impairment charges primarily due to the discontinuation of the energy
products in the glace’au portfolio as a result of the Monster Transaction and a $55 million impairment charge on a Venezuelan trademark.
The charges were determined by comparing the fair value of the assets to the current carrying value. The fair value of the assets was
derived using discounted cash ﬂow analyses based on Level 3 inputs. Refer to Note 1, Note 2 and Note 17.
4 The Company recognized a loss of $19 million on our previously held investment in a South African bottler, which had been accounted for
under the equity method of accounting prior to our acquisition of the bottler in February 2015. US. GAAP requires the acquirer to
remeasure its previously held noncontrolling equity interest in the acquired entity to fair value as of the acquisition date and recognize any
gains or losses in earnings. The Company remeasured our equity interest in the South African bottler based on Level 3 inputs. Refer to
Note 2.
5 In 2014, the Company recognized an estimated loss of $32 million as a result of the owners of the majority interest in a Brazilian bottling
entity exercising their option to acquire from us a 10 percent interest in the entity's outstanding shares. The exercise price was lower than
our carrying value. The transaction closed in January 2015, and the Company recorded an additional loss of $6 million during the year
ended December 31, 2015, calculated based on the final option price. These losses were determined using Level 3 inputs. Refer to Note 2
and Note 17.
Fair Value Measurements for Pension and Other Postretirement Beneﬁt Plans
The fair value hierarchy discussed above is not only applicable to assets and liabilities that are included in our consolidated
balance sheets but is also applied to certain other assets that indirectly impact our consolidated financial statements. For
example, our Company sponsors and/or contributes to a number of pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Assets
contributed by the Company become the property of the individual plans. Even though the Company no longer has control over
these assets, we are indirectly impacted by subsequent fair value adjustments to these assets. The actual return on these assets
impacts the Company's future net periodic benefit cost, as well as amounts recognized in our consolidated balance sheets. Refer
to Note 13. The Company uses the fair value hierarchy to measure the fair value of assets held by our various pension and other
postretirement benefit plans.
129