Net operating revenue growth rates are impacted by sales volume; acquisitions and divestitures; price, product and geographic
mix; and foreign currency ﬂuctuations. The size and timing of acquisitions and divestitures are not consistent from period to
period. The Company currently expects acquisitions and divestitures to have an 18 percent to 19 percent unfavorable impact on
full year 2017 net operating revenues. Based on current spot rates and our hedging coverage in place, we expect currencies will
continue to have an unfavorable impact on our full year 2017 net operating revenues.
Year Ended December 31, 2015 versus Year Ended December 31, 2014
The Company's net operating revenues decreased $1,704 million, or 4 percent.
The following table illustrates, on a percentage basis, the estimated impact of key factors resulting in the increase (decrease) in
net operating revenues for each of our operating segments:
7 Percent Change 2015 vs. 2014 7
7 Acquisitions & Price, Product & Currency 7
Volume1 Divestitures Geographic Mix Fluctuations Total
Consolidated 1% —% 2% (7)% (4) %7
Europe, Middle East & Africa 2% (1)% 1% (10)% (8)%
Latin America 1 — 9 (23) (13)
North America 1 1 5 (1) 6
Asia Pacific 2 — (3) (8) (9)
Bottling Investments 2 (1) — (3) (2)
Corporate * * * * * 7
* Calculation is not meaningful.
1 Represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in concentrate sales volume for our
geographic operating segments (expressed in equivalent unit cases) after considering the impact of structural changes. For our Bottling
Investments operating segment, this represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in unit
case volume after considering the impact of structural changes. Our Bottling Investments operating segment data reﬂects unit case volume
growth for consolidated bottlers only. Refer to the heading "Beverage Volume" above.
Refer to the heading "Beverage Volume" above for additional information related to changes in our unit case and concentrate
sales volumes.
"Acquisitions and Divestitures" refers to acquisitions and divestitures of brands or businesses, some of which the Company
considers to be structural changes. Refer to the heading "Structural Changes, Acquired Brands and Newly Licensed Brands"
above for additional information related to the structural changes. The acquisitions and divestitures percent change for 2015
versus 2014 in the table above consisted entirely of structural changes.
Price, product and geographic mix had a favorable 2 percent impact on our consolidated net operating revenues. Price, product
and geographic mix was impacted by a variety of factors and events including, but not limited to, the following:
- Europe, Middle East and Africa — favorable price mix in most of the segment's business units, partially oﬂ“set by
unfavorable geographic mix;
- Latin America — favorable price mix in all four of the segment's business units and the impact of inﬂationary
environments in certain markets;
° North America — favorably impacted as a result of price increases and package mix; and
- Asia Pacific — unfavorable product and channel mix as well as unfavorable geographic mix.
The unfavorable impact of foreign currency ﬂuctuations decreased our consolidated net operating revenues by 7 percent. This
unfavorable impact was primarily due to a stronger US. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the South
African rand, euro, UK. pound sterling, Brazilian real, Mexican peso, Australian dollar and Japanese yen, which had an
unfavorable impact on our Europe, Middle East and Africa, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Bottling Investments operating
segments. Refer to the heading "Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial Position — Foreign Exchange" below.
49