Shipping and Handling Costs
Shipping and handling costs related to the movement of finished goods from manufacturing locations to our sales distribution
centers are included in the line item cost of goods sold in our consolidated statements of income. Shipping and handling costs
incurred to move finished goods from our sales distribution centers to customer locations are included in the line item selling,
general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income. During the years ended December 31, 2016,
2015 and 2014, the Company recorded shipping and handling costs of $2.0 billion, $2.5 billion and $2.7 billion, respectively, in
the line item selling, general and administrative expenses. Our customers do not pay us separately for shipping and handling
costs related to finished goods.
Net Income Per Share
Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares
outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted net income per share is computed similarly to basic net income per share,
except that it includes the potential dilution that could occur if dilutive securities were exercised. Approximately 51 million,
27 million and 38 million stock option awards were excluded from the computations of diluted net income per share in 2016,
2015 and 2014, respectively, because the awards would have been antidilutive for the years presented.
Cash Equivalents
We classify time deposits and other investments that are highly liquid and have maturities of three months or less at the date of
purchase as cash equivalents. We manage our exposure to counterparty credit risk through speciﬁc minimum credit standards,
diversification of counterparties and procedures to monitor our credit risk concentrations.
Short-Term Investments
We classify time deposits and other investments that have maturities of greater than three months but less than one year as
short-term investments.
Investments in Equity and Debt Securities
We use the equity method to account for our investments in equity securities if our investment gives us the ability to exercise
signiﬁcant inﬂuence over operating and financial policies of the investee. We include our proportionate share of earnings and/
or losses of our equity method investees in equity income (loss) — net in our consolidated statements of income. The carrying
value of our equity investments is reported in equity method investments in our consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note 6.
We account for investments in companies that we do not control or account for under the equity method either at fair value or
under the cost method, as applicable. Investments in equity securities, other than investments accounted for under the equity
method, are carried at fair value if the fair value of the security is readily determinable. Equity investments carried at fair value
are classified as either trading or available-for—sale securities with their cost basis determined by the specific identification
method. Realized and unrealized gains and losses on trading securities and realized gains and losses on available-for-sale
securities are included in other income (loss) — net in our consolidated statements of income. Unrealized gains and losses, net
of deferred taxes, on available-for—sale securities are included in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI"), except for the change in fair value attributable to the currency risk
being hedged, if applicable, which is included in other income (loss) — net in our consolidated statements of income. Trading
securities are reported as either marketable securities or other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. Securities classified as
available-for—sale are reported as either marketable securities, other investments or other assets in our consolidated balance
sheets, depending on the length of time we intend to hold the investment. Refer to Note 3.
Investments in equity securities that we do not control or account for under the equity method and do not have readily
determinable fair values for are accounted for under the cost method. Cost method investments are originally recorded at cost,
and we record dividend income when applicable dividends are declared. Cost method investments are reported as other
investments in our consolidated balance sheets, and dividend income from cost method investments is reported in the line item
other income (loss) — net in our consolidated statements of income.
Our investments in debt securities are carried at either amortized cost or fair value. Investments in debt securities that the
Company has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity are carried at amortized cost and classified as held-to-maturity.
Investments in debt securities that are not classified as held-to-maturity are carried at fair value and classified as either trading
or available-for—sale.
81