During 2015, our Company's acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled
$2,491 million, which primarily related to our strategic partnership with Monster Beverage Corporation ("Monster") and an
investment in a bottling partner in Indonesia that is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The bottling partner
in Indonesia is a subsidiary of Coca-Cola Amatil Limited, an equity method investee. We also acquired the remaining
outstanding shares of a bottling partner in South Africa ("South African bottler"), which was previously accounted for as an
equity method investment. We remeasured our previously held equity interest in the South African bottler to fair value upon the
close of the transaction and recorded a loss on the remeasurement of $19 million during the year ended December 31, 2015.
This bottler was deconsolidated in conjunction with the Coca-Cola Beverages Africa Proprietary Limited transaction discussed
further below.
During 2014, our Company's acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled
$389 million, and primarily included a joint investment with one of our bottling partners in a dairy company in Ecuador, which
is accounted for under the equity method of accounting.
Monster Beverage Corporation
On August 14, 2014, the Company and Monster entered into definitive agreements for a long-term strategic relationship in the
global energy drink category. The transaction contemplated under these agreements ("Monster Transaction") closed on June 12,
2015. As a result of the Monster Transaction, (1) the Company purchased newly issued shares of Monster common stock
representing approximately 17 percent of the outstanding shares of Monster common stock (after giving eﬁect to the new
issuance), (2) the Company sold its global energy drink business (including NOS, Full Throttle, Burn, Mother, Play and Power
Play, and Relentless) to Monster, and the Company acquired Monster's non-energy drink business (including Hansen's Natural
Sodas, Peace Tea, Hubert's Lemonade and Hansen's Juice Products); and (3) the parties amended their distribution coordination
agreements to expand distribution of Monster products into additional territories pursuant to long-term agreements with the
Company's existing network of Company-owned or -controlled bottling operations and independent distribution partners. The
Company and its bottling partners ("Coca-Cola system") also became Monster's preferred global distribution partner. The
Company made a net cash payment of $2,150 million to Monster, of which $125 million was being held in escrow, subject to
release upon achievement of milestones relating to the transfer of Monster's domestic distribution rights to our distribution
network. The escrow was released in June 2016 upon the expiration of the escrow term as certain milestones relating to the
transfer of Monster's domestic distribution rights to our distribution network had not been achieved. However, due to the
probability that these milestones will be achieved at a future date, the Company has accrued $125 million related to these future
payments to Monster.
The Monster Transaction consisted of multiple elements including the purchase of common stock, the acquisition and
divestiture of businesses and the expansion of distribution territories. When consideration transferred is not solely in the form
of cash, measurement is based on either the cost to the acquiring entity (the fair value of the assets given) or the fair value of
the assets acquired, whichever is more clearly evident and, thus, more reliably measurable. As the majority of the consideration
transferred was cash, we believe the fair value of the consideration transferred is more reliably measurable. The consideration
transferred consists of $2,150 million of cash (including $125 million initially held in escrow) and the fair value of our global
energy business of $2,046 million, which we determined using discounted cash ﬂow analyses, resulting in total consideration
transferred of $4,196 million.
As such, we have allocated the total consideration transferred to the individual assets and business acquired based on a relative
fair value basis, using the closing date fair values of each element, as follows (in millions):
June 12,
20 15
iEquity investment in Monster $ 3,066 7
Expansion of distribution territories 1,035
:Monster non-energy drink business 95 :
Total assets and business acquired $ 4,196 7
In addition to our ownership interest in Monster's outstanding common stock, the Company is represented by two directors on
Monster's 10 member Board of Directors. Based on our equity ownership percentage, the significance that our expanded
distribution and coordination agreements have on Monster's operations, and our representation on Monster's Board of
Directors, the Company is accounting for its interest in Monster as an equity method investment.
88