Like most major corporations, the Company's information systems are a target of attacks. Although the incidents that we have
experienced to date have not had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, there can be no
assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect on us in the future. In order to address risks to our
information systems, we continue to make investments in personnel, technologies, cyber insurance and training of Company
personnel. The Company maintains an information risk management program which is supervised by information technology
management and reviewed by a cross-functional committee. As part of this program, reports that include analysis of emerging
risks as well as the Company's plans and strategies to address them are regularly prepared and presented to senior management
and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
Unfavorable general economic conditions in the United States could negatively impact our financial performance.
In 2016, our net operating revenues in the United States were $19.9 billion, or 48 percent, of our total net operating revenues.
Unfavorable general economic conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown, in the United States could negatively
affect the affordability of, and consumer demand for, our beverages in our ﬂagship market. Under diﬁicult economic
conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending by forgoing purchases of our products or by shifting away
from our beverages to lower-priced products offered by other companies, including private label brands. Softer consumer
demand for our beverages in the United States could reduce our profitability and could negatively affect our overall financial
performance.
Unfavorable economic and political conditions in international markets could hurt our business.
We derive a significant portion of our net operating revenues from sales of our products in international markets. In 2016, our
operations outside the United States accounted for $22.0 billion, or 52 percent, of our total net operating revenues. Unfavorable
economic conditions and financial uncertainties in our major international markets, including uncertainties surrounding the
United Kingdom's impending withdrawal from the European Union, commonly referred to as "BreXit," and unstable political
conditions, including civil unrest and governmental changes, in certain of our other international markets could undermine
global consumer confidence and reduce consumers' purchasing power, thereby reducing demand for our products. Product
boycotts resulting from political activism could reduce demand for our products, while restrictions on our ability to transfer
earnings or capital across borders, price controls, limitation on profits, import authorization requirements and other restrictions
on business activities which have been or may be imposed or expanded as a result of political and economic instability or
otherwise, could impact our profitability. In addition, US. trade sanctions against countries designated by the US. government
as state sponsors of terrorism and/or financial institutions accepting transactions for commerce within such countries could
increase significantly, which could make it impossible for us to continue to make sales to bottlers in such countries. The
imposition of retaliatory sanctions against US. multinational corporations by countries that are or may become subject to US.
trade sanctions, or the delisting of our branded products by retailers in various countries in reaction to US. trade sanctions or
other governmental action or policy, could also negatively affect our business.
Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation.
We are party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including, but not limited to,
litigation claims and legal proceedings arising out of our advertising and marketing practices, product claims and labels,
intellectual property and commercial disputes, and environmental and employment matters. We evaluate these litigation claims
and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential
losses. Based on these assessments and estimates, we establish reserves and/or disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal
proceedings, as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time
and involve a significant amount of management judgment. We caution you that actual outcomes or losses may differ
materially from those envisioned by our current assessments and estimates. In addition, we have bottling and other business
operations in markets with high-risk legal compliance environments. Our policies and procedures require strict compliance by
our associates and agents with all United States and local laws and regulations and consent orders applicable to our business
operations, including those prohibiting improper payments to government officials. Nonetheless, we cannot assure you that our
policies, procedures and related training programs will always ensure full compliance by our associates and agents with all
applicable legal requirements. Improper conduct by our associates or agents could damage our reputation in the United States
and internationally or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial
monetary fines as well as disgorgement of profits.
l6