° Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by $100 million for Corporate as a result
of a cash contribution to The Coca-Cola Foundation. Refer to Note 17 .
- Income (loss) before income taxes was increased by $1,403 million for Corporate as a result of the Monster Transaction.
Refer to Note 2 and Note 17.
- Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by $1,006 million for Bottling Investments due to the refranchising of
certain bottling territories in North America. Refer to Note 2 and Note 17 .
- Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by $320 million for Corporate due to charges the Company recognized
on the early extinguishment of certain long-term debt. Refer to Note 10 and Note 17 .
- Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by $33 million for Latin America and $105 million for Corporate due to
the remeasurement of the net monetary assets of our local Venezuelan subsidiary into US. dollars using the SIMADI
exchange rate, an impairment of a Venezuelan trademark, and a write-down the Company recorded on receivables from
our bottling partner in Venezuela. Refer to Note 1 and Note 17 .
- Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by $19 million for Corporate as a result of the remeasurement of our
previously held equity interest in a South African bottler to fair value upon our acquisition of the bottling operations.
Refer to Note 2.
- Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by $6 million for Corporate as a result of a Brazilian bottling entity's
majority interest owners exercising their option to acquire from us an additional equity interest at an exercise price less
than that of our carrying value. Refer to Note 2 and Note 17 .
- Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by $4 million for Europe, Middle East and Africa and $83 million for
Bottling Investments due to the Company's proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded
by certain of our equity method investees. Refer to Note 17.
In 2014, the results of our operating segments were impacted by the following items:
° Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by $137 million for Europe, Middle East
and Africa, $20 million for Latin America, $157 million for North America, $36 million for Asia Pacific, $335 million
for Bottling Investments and $124 million for Corporate due to charges related to the Company's productivity and
reinvestment program as well as other restructuring initiatives. Refer to Note 18.
° Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by $42 million for Bottling Investments as
a result of the restructuring and transition of the Company's Russian juice operations to an existing joint venture with an
unconsolidated bottling partner. Refer to Note 17 .
- Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by $2 million for Europe, Middle East and Africa and $16 million for
Bottling Investments due to the Company's proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded
by certain of our equity method investees. Refer to Note 17.
- Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by $799 million for Bottling Investments due to the refranchising of
certain bottling territories in North America. Refer to Note 2 and Note 17 .
- Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by $275 million for Latin America and $411 million for Corporate due to
the remeasurement of the net monetary assets of our local Venezuelan subsidiary into US. dollars using the SICAD 2
exchange rate, an impairment of a Venezuelan trademark, and a write-down the Company recorded on the concentrate
sales receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela. Refer to Note 1 and Note 17 .
- Income (loss) before income taxes was increased by $25 million for Bottling Investments due to the elimination of
intercompany profits resulting from a write-down we recorded on the concentrate sales receivables from our bottling
partner in Venezuela, an equity method investee, partially oﬂset by our proportionate share of their remeasurement loss.
Refer to Note 1.
- Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by $32 million for Corporate as a result of a Brazilian bottling entity's
majority interest owners exercising their option to acquire from us an additional equity interest at an exercise price less
than that of our carrying value. Refer to Note 2 and Note 17 .
138