Under a California law known as Proposition 65, if the state has determined that a substance causes cancer or harms human
reproduction, a warning must be provided for any product sold in the state that exposes consumers to that substance. The state
maintains lists of these substances and periodically adds other substances to these lists. Proposition 65 exposes all food and
beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products in California because it does not provide
for any generally applicable quantitative threshold below which the presence of a listed substance is exempt from the warning
requirement. Consequently, the detection of even a trace amount of a listed substance can subject an affected product to the
requirement of a warning label. However, Proposition 65 does not require a warning if the manufacturer of a product can
demonstrate that the use of that product exposes consumers to a daily quantity of a listed substance that is:
° below a "safe harbor" threshold that may be established;
- naturally occurring;
- the result of necessary cooking; or
° subject to another applicable exemption.
One or more substances that are currently on the Proposition 65 lists, or that may be added in the future, can be detected in
certain Company products at low levels that are safe. With respect to substances that have not yet been listed under Proposition
65, the Company takes the position that listing is not scientifically justified. With respect to substances that are already listed,
the Company takes the position that the presence of each such substance in Company products is subject to an applicable
exemption from the warning requirement or that the product is otherwise in compliance with Proposition 65. The state of
California and other parties, however, have in the past taken a contrary position and may do so in the future.
Bottlers of our beverage products presently offer and use nonrefillable recyclable containers in the United States and various
other markets around the world. Some of these bottlers also offer and use refillable containers, which are also recyclable. Legal
requirements apply in various jurisdictions in the United States and overseas requiring that deposits or certain ecotaxes or fees
be charged in connection with the sale, marketing and use of certain beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed by
these measures vary. Other types of statutes and regulations relating to beverage container deposits, recycling, ecotaxes and/or
product stewardship also apply in various jurisdictions in the United States and overseas. We anticipate that additional such
legal requirements may be proposed or enacted in the future at local, state and federal levels, both in the United States and
elsewhere.
All of our Company's facilities and other operations in the United States and elsewhere around the world are subject to various
environmental protection statutes and regulations, including those relating to the use of water resources and the discharge of
wastewater. Our policy is to comply with all such legal requirements. Compliance with these provisions has not had, and we do
not expect such compliance to have, any material adverse effect on our Company's capital expenditures, net income or
competitive position.
Employees
As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, our Company had approximately 100,300 and 123,200 employees, respectively, of which
approximately 2,900 and 3,300, respectively, were employed by consolidated variable interest entities ("VIEs"). The decrease
in the total number of employees in 2016 was primarily due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories that were
previously managed by CCR to certain of the Company's unconsolidated bottling partners, as well as the deconsolidation of our
German and South African bottling operations. For more information about the North America refranchising transactions and
deconsolidation of our German and South African bottling operations, refer to Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements set forth in Part II, "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this report. As of December 31, 2016
and 2015, our Company had approximately 51,000 and 60,900 employees, respectively, located in the United States, of which
approximately 400 and 500, respectively, were employed by consolidated VIEs.
Our Company, through its divisions and subsidiaries, is a party to numerous collective bargaining agreements. As of
December 31, 2016, approximately 16,300 employees, excluding seasonal hires, in North America were covered by collective
bargaining agreements. These agreements typically have terms of three years to five years. We currently expect that we will be
able to renegotiate such agreements on satisfactory terms when they expire.
The Company believes that its relations with its employees are generally satisfactory.
9