We initially measure a long-lived asset or disposal group that is classified as held for sale at the lower of its carrying value or
fair value less any costs to sell. Any loss resulting from this measurement is recognized in the period in which the held-for—sale
criteria are met. Conversely, gains are not recognized on the sale of a long-lived asset or disposal group until the date of sale.
We assess the fair value of a long-lived asset or disposal group less any costs to sell each reporting period it remains classified
as held for sale and report any subsequent changes as an adjustment to the carrying value of the asset or disposal group, as long
as the new carrying value does not exceed the carrying value of the asset at the time it was initially classified as held for sale.
Upon determining that a long—lived asset or disposal group meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale, the Company
ceases depreciation and reports long—lived assets and/or the assets and liabilities of the disposal group, if material, in the line
items assets held for sale and liabilities held for sale, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheet. Refer to Note 2.
Revenue Recognition
Our Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of products has occurred, the
sales price charged is ﬁxed or determinable, and collectibility is reasonably assured. For our Company, this generally means
that we recognize revenue when title to our products is transferred to our bottling partners, resellers or other customers. In
particular, title usually transfers upon shipment to or receipt at our customers' locations, as determined by the specific sales
terms of the transactions. Our sales terms do not allow for a right of return except for matters related to any manufacturing
defects on our part.
Deductions ﬂom Revenue
Our customers can earn certain incentives including, but not limited to, cash discounts, funds for promotional and marketing
activities, volume-based incentive programs and support for infrastructure programs. The costs associated with these incentives
are included in deductions from revenue, a component of net operating revenues in our consolidated statements of income. For
customer incentives that must be earned, management must make estimates related to the contractual terms, customer
performance and sales volume to determine the total amounts earned and to be recorded in deductions from revenue. In making
these estimates, management considers past results. The actual amounts ultimately paid may be different from our estimates.
In some situations, the Company may determine it to be advantageous to make advance payments to specific customers to fund
certain marketing activities intended to generate profitable volume and/or invest in infrastructure programs with our bottlers
that are directed at strengthening our bottling system and increasing unit case volume. The Company also makes advance
payments to certain customers for distribution rights. The advance payments made to customers are initially capitalized and
included in our consolidated balance sheets in prepaid expenses and other assets and noncurrent other assets, depending on the
duration of the agreements. The assets are amortized over the applicable periods and included in deductions from revenue. The
duration of these agreements typically range up to 10 years.
Amortization expense for infrastructure programs was $45 million, $61 million and $72 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. The aggregate deductions from revenue recorded by the Company in relation to these programs, including
amortization expense on infrastructure programs, were $6.6 billion, $6.8 billion and $7.0 billion in 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively.
Advertising Costs
Our Company expenses production costs of print, radio, television and other advertisements as of the first date the
advertisements take place. All other marketing expenditures are expensed in the annual period in which the expenditure is
incurred. Advertising costs included in the line item selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements
of income were $4.0 billion in both 2016 and 2015 and $3.5 billion in 2014. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, advertising
and production costs of $113 million and $207 million, respectively, were primarily recorded in the line item prepaid expenses
and other assets in our consolidated balance sheets.
For interim reporting purposes, we allocate our estimated full year marketing expenditures that beneﬁt multiple interim periods
to each of our interim reporting periods. We use the proportion of each interim period's actual unit case volume to the estimated
full year unit case volume as the basis for the allocation. This methodology results in our marketing expenditures being
recognized at a standard rate per unit case. At the end of each interim reporting period, we review our estimated full year unit
case volume and our estimated full year marketing expenditures in order to evaluate if a change in estimate is necessary. The
impact of any changes in these full year estimates is recognized in the interim period in which the change in estimate occurs.
Our full year marketing expenditures are not impacted by this interim accounting policy.
80