In the second quarter of 2015, the Company recorded the following transactions which impacted results:
- A benefit of $1,402 million as a result of the Monster Transaction. Refer to Note 2 and Note 17.
- A charge of $380 million due to an impairment primarily related to the discontinuation of the energy products in the
glaceau portfolio as a result of the Monster Transaction. Refer to Note 2 and Note 17.
- Charges of $186 million due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program as well as other restructuring
initiatives. Refer to Note 17 and Note 18.
- A charge of $ 100 million as a result of a cash contribution to The Coca-Cola Foundation. Refer to Note 17.
- A charge of $12 million due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America. Refer to Note 2 and
Note 17.
In the third quarter of 2015, the Company recorded the following transactions which impacted results:
- A charge of $794 million due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America. Refer to Note 2 and
Note 17.
- Charges of $216 million due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program as well as other restructuring
initiatives. Refer to Note 17 and Note 18.
- A charge of $38 million related to an impairment on a trademark in the glacéau portfolio, primarily as a result of
foreign currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations that impacted the fair value of the asset. Refer to Note 2 and Note 17.
- A charge of $3 million related to an impairment charge on a Venezuelan trademark. Refer to Note 1.
The Company's fourth quarter 2015 results were impacted by six fewer days compared to the fourth quarter of 20 14.
Furthermore, the Company recorded the following transactions which impacted results:
- Charges of $456 million due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program as well as other restructuring
initiatives. Refer to Note 17 and Note 18.
- A charge of $179 million due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America. Refer to Note 2 and
Note 17.
- A benefit of $1 million as a result of the Monster Transaction. Refer to Note 2 and Note 17.
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE
Not applicable.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
The Company, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the Chief Executive Oﬁicer and
the Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the eﬁectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's "disclosure controls and
procedures" (as defined in Rule 13a—15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act")) as of the
end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Oﬁicer and the Chief Financial Officer
concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2016.
Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Attestation Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm
The report of management on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 and the attestation report of
our independent registered public accounting firm on our internal control over financial reporting are set forth in Part II,
"Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in this report.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31,
2016 that have materially aﬁected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial
reporting.
146