representing our maximum exposures to loss. The Company's investments, plus any loans and guarantees, related to these VIEs
were not significant to the Company's consolidated financial statements.
In addition, our Company holds interests in certain VIEs, primarily bottling and container manufacturing operations, for which
we were determined to be the primary beneficiary. As a result, we have consolidated these entities. Our Company's
investments, plus any loans and guarantees, related to these VIEs totaled $203 million and $221 million as of December 31,
2016 and 2015, respectively, representing our maximum exposures to loss. The assets and liabilities of VIEs for which we are
the primary beneﬁciary were not significant to the Company's consolidated financial statements.
Creditors of our VIEs do not have recourse against the general credit of the Company, regardless of whether they are accounted
for as consolidated entities.
We use the equity method to account for investments in companies if our investment provides us with the ability to exercise
signiﬁcant inﬂuence over operating and financial policies of the investee. Our consolidated net income includes our Company's
proportionate share of the net income or loss of these companies. Our judgment regarding the level of inﬂuence over each
equity method investee includes considering key factors such as our ownership interest, representation on the board of
directors, participation in policy-making decisions and material intercompany transactions.
We eliminate from our financial results all significant intercompany transactions, including the intercompany transactions with
consolidated VIEs and the intercompany portion of transactions with equity method investees.
Recovembility of Current and NoncurrentAssetS
Our Company faces many uncertainties and risks related to various economic, political and regulatory environments in the
countries in which we operate, particularly in developing and emerging markets. Refer to the heading "Our Business —
Challenges and Risks" above and "Item 1A. Risk F actors" in Part I of this report. As a result, management must make
numerous assumptions which involve a significant amount of judgment when completing recoverability and impairment tests
of current and noncurrent assets in various regions around the world.
We perform recoverability and impairment tests of current and noncurrent assets in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. For certain assets, recoverability and/or impairment tests are required only when
conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. For other assets, impairment tests are required at least
annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that an asset may be impaired.
Our equity method investees also perform such recoverability and/or impairment tests. If an impairment charge is recorded by
one of our equity method investees, the Company records its proportionate share of such charge as a reduction of equity income
(loss) — net in our consolidated statement of income. However, the actual amount we record with respect to our proportionate
share of such charges may be impacted by items such as basis differences, deferred taxes and deferred gains.
Management's assessments of the recoverability and impairment tests of noncurrent assets involve critical accounting estimates.
These estimates require significant management judgment, include inherent uncertainties and are often interdependent;
therefore, they do not change in isolation. Factors that management must estimate include, among others, the economic life of
the asset, sales volume, pricing, cost of raw materials, delivery costs, inﬂation, cost of capital, marketing spending, foreign
currency exchange rates, tax rates, capital spending and proceeds from the sale of assets. These factors are even more difficult
to predict when global financial markets are highly volatile. The estimates we use when assessing the recoverability of current
and noncurrent assets are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. When performing impairment tests, we estimate
the fair values of the assets using management's best assumptions, which we believe would be consistent with what a
hypothetical marketplace participant would use. Estimates and assumptions used in these tests are evaluated and updated as
appropriate. The variability of these factors depends on a number of conditions, including uncertainty about future events, and
thus our accounting estimates may change from period to period. If other assumptions and estimates had been used when these
tests were performed, impairment charges could have resulted. As mentioned above, these factors do not change in isolation
and, therefore, we do not believe it is practicable or meaningful to present the impact of changing a single factor. Furthermore,
if management uses different assumptions or if diﬁerent conditions occur in future periods, future impairment charges could
result. Refer to the heading "Operations Review" below for additional information related to our present business environment.
Certain factors discussed above are impacted by our current business environment and are discussed throughout this report, as
appropriate.
35