In December 2014, due to the continued lack of liquidity and increasing economic uncertainty, the Company reevaluated the
rate that should be used to remeasure the monetary assets and liabilities of our Venezuelan subsidiary. As of December 31,
2014, we determined that the SICAD 2 rate of 50 bolivars per US. dollar was the most appropriate legally available rate and
remeasured the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary, resulting in a charge of $146 million recorded in the line item
other income (loss) — net in our consolidated statement of income.
In February 2015, the Venezuelan government merged SICAD l and SICAD 2 into a single mechanism called SICAD and
introduced a new open market exchange rate system, SIMADI. As a result, management determined that the SIMADI rate was
the most appropriate legally available rate and remeasured the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary, resulting in a
charge of $27 million recorded in the line item other income (loss) — net in our consolidated statement of income.
We also have certain US. dollar denominated intangible assets associated with products sold in Venezuela. As a result of the
Company's revised expectations regarding the convertibility of the local currency, we recognized impairment charges of
$55 million and $18 million during the years ended December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively. These charges
were recorded in the line item other operating charges in our consolidated statement of income.
During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Venezuelan government devalued its currency and changed its official and most
preferential exchange rate, which should be used for purchases of certain essential goods, to 10 bolivars per US. dollar from
6.3. The official and most preferential rate is now known as DIPRO and the SICAD rate has been eliminated. The Venezuelan
government replaced the SIMADI rate with the DICOM rate, which is allowed to ﬂoat freely and is expected to ﬂuctuate based
on supply and demand. As a result, management determined that the DICOM rate was the most appropriate legally available
rate to remeasure the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary.
In addition to the foreign currency exchange exposure related to our Venezuelan subsidiary's net monetary assets, we also sell
concentrate to our bottling partner in Venezuela from outside the country. These sales are denominated in US. dollars. During
the years ended December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, as a result of the continued lack of liquidity
and our revised assessment of the US. dollar value we expect to realize upon the conversion of Venezuelan bolivars into US.
dollars by our bottling partner to pay our concentrate sales receivables, we recorded write-downs of $76 million, $56 million
and $296 million, respectively. These write-downs were recorded in the line item other operating charges in our consolidated
statements of income.
As of December 31, 2016, the combined carrying value of the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary, the receivables
from our bottling partner in Venezuela and the intangible assets associated with products sold in Venezuela was $84 million.
The Company's ability to pay dividends from Venezuela is restricted due to the low volume of US. dollars available for
conversion. As a result of the ﬂoating DICOM rate, the Company expects to continue to record losses on foreign currency
exchange, may incur additional write-downs of receivables or impairment charges and will continue to record our proportionate
share of any charges recorded by our equity method investee that has operations in Venezuela.
Impact of Inﬂation and Changing Prices
Inﬂation affects the way we operate in many markets around the world. In general, we believe that, over time, we will be able
to increase prices to counteract the majority of the inﬂationary effects of increasing costs and to generate sufficient cash ﬂows
to maintain our productive capability.
68