Credit Risk Associated with Derivatives
We have established strict counterparty credit guidelines and enter into transactions only with financial institutions of
investment grade or better. We monitor counterparty exposures regularly and review any downgrade in credit rating
immediately. If a downgrade in the credit rating of a counterparty were to occur, we have provisions requiring collateral for
substantially all of our transactions. To mitigate presettlement risk, minimum credit standards become more stringent as the
duration of the derivative financial instrument increases. In addition, the Company's master netting agreements reduce credit
risk by permitting the Company to net settle for transactions with the same counterparty. To minimize the concentration of
credit risk, we enter into derivative transactions with a portfolio of financial institutions. Based on these factors, we consider
the risk of counterparty default to be minimal.
Cash Flow Hedging Strategy
The Company uses cash ﬂow hedges to minimize the variability in cash ﬂows of assets or liabilities or forecasted transactions
caused by ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices or interest rates. The changes in the fair values of
derivatives designated as cash ﬂow hedges are recorded in AOCI and are reclassified into the line item in our consolidated
statement of income in which the hedged items are recorded in the same period the hedged items affect earnings. The changes
in fair values of hedges that are determined to be ineffective are immediately reclassified from AOCI into earnings. The
maximum length of time for which the Company hedges its exposure to the variability in future cash ﬂows is typically three
years.
The Company maintains a foreign currency cash ﬂow hedging program to reduce the risk that our eventual US. dollar net cash
inﬂows from sales outside the United States and US. dollar net cash outﬂows from procurement activities will be adversely
affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We enter into forward contracts and purchase foreign currency options
(principally euros and Japanese yen) and collars to hedge certain portions of forecasted cash ﬂows denominated in foreign
currencies. When the US. dollar strengthens against the foreign currencies, the decline in the present value of future foreign
currency cash ﬂows is partially offset by gains in the fair value of the derivative instruments. Conversely, when the US. dollar
weakens, the increase in the present value of future foreign currency cash ﬂows is partially offset by losses in the fair value of
the derivative instruments. The total notional values of derivatives that have been designated and qualify for the Company's
foreign currency cash ﬂow hedging program were $6,074 million and $10,383 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.
The Company uses cross-currency swaps to hedge the changes in cash ﬂows of certain of its foreign currency denominated
debt due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. For this hedging program, the Company records the change in carrying
value of the foreign currency denominated debt due to changes in exchange rates into earnings each period. The changes in fair
value of the cross-currency swap derivatives are recorded in AOCI with an immediate reclassification into earnings for the
change in fair value attributable to ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. During the year ended December 31, 2015,
the Company discontinued the cash ﬂow hedge relationships related to these swaps. Upon discontinuance, the Company
recognized a loss of $92 million in other comprehensive income, which will be reclassified from AOCI into interest expense
over the remaining life of the debt, a weighted-average period of approximately 10 years. The Company did not discontinue
any cash ﬂow hedging relationships during the year ended 2016. The total notional values of derivatives that have been
designated as cash ﬂow hedges for the Company's foreign currency denominated debt were $1,851 million and $566 million as
of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The Company has entered into commodity futures contracts and other derivative instruments on various commodities to
mitigate the price risk associated with forecasted purchases of materials used in our manufacturing process. These derivative
instruments have been designated and qualify as part of the Company's commodity cash ﬂow hedging program. The objective
of this hedging program is to reduce the variability of cash ﬂows associated with future purchases of certain commodities. The
total notional values of derivatives that have been designated and qualify for this program were $12 million and $8 million as
of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Our Company monitors our mix of short-term debt and long-term debt regularly. From time to time, we manage our risk to
interest rate ﬂuctuations through the use of derivative financial instruments. The Company has entered into interest rate swap
agreements and has designated these instruments as part of the Company's interest rate cash ﬂow hedging program. The
objective of this hedging program is to mitigate the risk of adverse changes in benchmark interest rates on the Company's
future interest payments. The total notional values of these interest rate swap agreements that were designated and qualified for
the Company's interest rate cash ﬂow hedging program were $1,500 million and $3,328 million as of December 31, 2016 and
2015, respectively.
98