Product safety and quality concerns could negatively affect our business.
Our success depends in large part on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of all of our
products. We have rigorous product safety and quality standards, which we expect our operations as well as our bottling
partners to meet. However, we cannot assure you that despite our strong commitment to product safety and quality we or all of
our bottling partners will always meet these standards, particularly as we expand our product offerings through innovation or
acquisitions of products, such as value-added dairy products, that are beyond our traditional range of beverage products. If we
or our bottling partners fail to comply with applicable product safety and quality standards, or if our beverage products taken to
the market are or become contaminated or adulterated by any means, we may be required to conduct costly product recalls and
may become subject to product liability claims and negative publicity, which could cause our business to suffer.
Public debate and concern about perceived negative health consequences of certain ingredients, such as non-nutritive
sweeteners and biotechnology-derived substances, and of other substances present in our beverage products or packaging
materials, may reduce demand for our beverage products.
Public debate and concern about perceived negative health consequences of certain ingredients in our beverage products, such
as non-nutritive sweeteners and biotechnology-derived substances; substances that are present in our beverage products
naturally or that occur as a result of the manufacturing process, such as 4-methylimidazole ("4-MEI," a chemical compound
that is formed during the manufacturing of certain types of caramel coloring used in cola-type beverages); or substances used in
packaging materials, such as bisphenol A ("BPA," an odorless, tasteless food-grade chemical commonly used in the food and
beverage industries as a component in the coating of the interior of cans), may affect consumers' preferences and cause them to
shift away from some of our beverage products. In addition, increasing public concern about actual or perceived health
consequences of the presence of such ingredients or substances in our beverage products or in packaging materials, whether or
not justified, could result in additional governmental regulations concerning the marketing, labeling or sale of our beverages;
possible new or increased taxes on our beverages by government entities; and negative publicity, or actual or threatened legal
actions against us or other companies in our industry, all of which could damage the reputation of, and may reduce demand for,
our beverage products.
If we are not successful in our innovation activities, our ﬁnancial results may be negatively affected
Achieving our business growth objectives depends in part on our ability to evolve and improve our existing beverage products
through innovation and to successfully develop, introduce and market new beverage products. The success of
our innovation activities in turn depends on our ability to correctly anticipate customer and consumer acceptance and trends,
obtain, maintain and enforce necessary intellectual property protections and avoid infringing on the intellectual property rights
of others. If we are not successful in our innovation activities, we may not be able to achieve our growth objectives, which may
have a negative impact on our financial results.
Increased demand for food products and decreased agricultural productivity may negatively ajfect our business.
We and our bottling partners use a number of key ingredients that are derived from agricultural commodities such as sugarcane,
corn, sugar beets, citrus, coffee and tea in the manufacture and packaging of our beverage products. Increased demand for food
products and decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns may
limit the availability or increase the cost of such agricultural commodities and could impact the food security of communities
around the world. If we are unable to implement programs focused on economic opportunity and environmental sustainability
to address these agricultural challenges and fail to make a strategic impact on food security through joint eﬁorts with bottlers,
farmers, communities, suppliers and key partners, as well as through our increased and continued investment in sustainable
agriculture, the affordability of our products and ultimately our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted.
Changes in the retail landscape or the loss of key retail or foodservice customers could adversely affect our financial
performance.
Our industry is being affected by the trend toward consolidation in the retail channel, particularly in Europe and the United
States. Larger retailers may seek lower prices from us and our bottling partners, may demand increased marketing or
promotional expenditures, and may be more likely to use their distribution networks to introduce and develop private label
brands, any of which could negatively affect the Coca-Cola system's profitability. In addition, in developed markets,
discounters and value stores, as well as the volume of transactions through e-commerce, are growing at a rapid pace. The
nonalcoholic beverage retail landscape is also very dynamic and constantly evolving in emerging and developing markets,
where modern trade is growing at a faster pace than traditional trade outlets. If we are unable to successfully adapt to the
rapidly changing environment and retail landscape, our share of sales, volume growth and overall financial results could be
negatively affected. In addition, our success depends in part on our ability to maintain good relationships with key retail and
foodservice customers. The loss of one or more of our key retail or foodservice customers could have an adverse effect on our
financial performance.
11