Each reporting period we review all of our investments in equity and debt securities, except for those classified as trading, to
determine whether a significant event or change in circumstances has occurred that may have an adverse effect on the fair value
of each investment. When such events or changes occur, we evaluate the fair value compared to our cost basis in the
investment. We also perform this evaluation every reporting period for each investment for which our cost basis exceeded the
fair value. The fair values of most of our investments in publicly traded companies are often readily available based on quoted
market prices. For investments in nonpublicly traded companies, management's assessment of fair value is based on valuation
methodologies including discounted cash ﬂows, estimates of sales proceeds, and appraisals, as appropriate. We consider the
assumptions that we believe hypothetical marketplace participants would use in evaluating estimated future cash ﬂows when
employing the discounted cash ﬂow or estimates of sales proceeds valuation methodologies.
In the event the fair value of an investment declines below our cost basis, management is required to determine if the decline in
fair value is other than temporary. If management determines the decline is other than temporary, an impairment charge is
recorded. Management's assessment as to the nature of a decline in fair value is based on, among other things, the length of
time and the extent to which the market value has been less than our cost basis; the financial condition and near-term prospects
of the issuer; and our intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufﬁcient to allow for any anticipated
recovery in market value.
Trade Accounts Receivable
We record trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated
uncollectible accounts to reﬂect any loss anticipated on the trade accounts receivable balances and charged to the provision for
doubtful accounts. We calculate this allowance based on our history of write-offs, the level of past-due accounts based on the
contractual terms of the receivables, and our relationships with, and the economic status of, our bottling partners and
customers. We believe our exposure to concentrations of credit risk is limited due to the diverse geographic areas covered by
our operations. Activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts was as follows (in millions):
iYear Ended December 31, 2016 2015 2014 7
Balance at beginning of year $ 352 $ 331 $ 61
Net charges to costs and expenses1 126 45 308
Write-offs (10) (10) (13)
iOtherz (2) (14) (25)
Balance at end of year $ 466 $ 352 $ 331 7
1 The increases in 2016 and 2014 were primarily related to concentrate sales receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela. See
Hyperinﬂationary Economies discussion below for additional information.
2 Other includes foreign currency translation adjustments and the impact of reclassifying certain assets to assets held for sale. See Note 2.
A significant portion of our net operating revenues and corresponding accounts receivable is derived from sales of our products
in international markets. Refer to Note 19. We also generate a significant portion of our net operating revenues by selling
concentrates and syrups to bottlers in which we have a noncontrolling interest, including Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de CV.
("Coca-Cola FEMSA"), Coca-Cola European Partners plc ("CCEP"), Coca-Cola HBC AG ("Coca-Cola Hellenic"), and
Coca-Cola Icecek A.S. ("Coca-Cola Icecek"). Refer to Note 6.
Inventories
Inventories consist primarily of raw materials and packaging (which includes ingredients and supplies) and finished goods
(which include concentrates and syrups in our concentrate operations and finished beverages in our finished product
operations). Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. We determine cost on the basis of the average cost or first-in,
ﬁrst-out methods. Refer to Note 4.
Derivative Instruments
Our Company, when deemed appropriate, uses derivatives as a risk management tool to mitigate the potential impact of certain
market risks. The primary market risks managed by the Company through the use of derivative instruments are foreign
currency exchange rate risk, commodity price risk and interest rate risk. All derivatives are carried at fair value in our
consolidated balance sheets in the following line items, as applicable: prepaid expenses and other assets; other assets, accounts
payable and accrued expenses, and other liabilities. The cash ﬂow impact of the Company's derivative instruments is primarily
included in our consolidated statements of cash ﬂows in net cash provided by operating activities. Refer to Note 5.
82