If we are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or we or our bottling partners experience
strikes, work stoppages or labor unrest, our business could suffer:
Many of our associates at our key manufacturing locations and bottling plants are covered by collective bargaining agreements.
While we generally have been able to renegotiate collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms when they expire and
regard our relations with associates and their representatives as generally satisfactory, negotiations may nevertheless be
challenging, as the Company must have competitive cost structures in each market while meeting the compensation and
benefits needs of our associates. If we are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, our labor
costs could increase, which could affect our profit margins. In addition, many of our bottling partners' employees are
represented by labor unions. Strikes, work stoppages or other forms of labor unrest at any of our major manufacturing facilities
or at our bottling operations' or our major bottlers' plants could impair our ability to supply concentrates and syrups to our
bottling partners or our bottlers' ability to supply finished beverages to customers, which could reduce our net operating
revenues and could expose us to customer claims. Furthermore, from time to time we and our bottling partners restructure
manufacturing and other operations to improve productivity. Restructuring activities and the announcement of plans for future
restructuring activities may result in a general increase in insecurity among some Company associates and some employees in
other parts of the Coca-Cola system, which may have negative implications on employee morale, work performance, escalation
of grievances and successful negotiation of collective bargaining agreements. If these labor relations are not effectively
managed at the local level, they could escalate in the form of corporate campaigns supported by the labor organizations and
could negatively affect our Company's overall reputation and brand image, which in turn could have a negative impact on our
products' acceptance by consumers.
We may be required to recognize impairment charges that could materially affect our ﬁnancial results.
We assess our trademarks, bottler franchise rights, goodwill and other intangible assets as well as our other long-lived assets as
and when required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States to determine whether they are impaired
and, if they are, we record appropriate impairment charges. Our equity method investees also perform impairment tests, and we
record our proportionate share of impairment charges recorded by them adjusted, as appropriate, for the impact of items such as
basis differences, deferred taxes and deferred gains. It is possible that we may be required to record signiﬁcant impairment
charges or our proportionate share of significant impairment charges recorded by equity method investees in the future and, if
we do so, our operating or equity income could be materially adversely affected.
We may incur multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liabilities in the future, which could negatively impact our ﬁnancial
performance.
We participate in certain multi-employer pension plans in the United States. Our US. multi-employer pension plan expense
totaled $41 million in 2016. The US. multi-employer pension plans in which we currently participate have contractual
arrangements that extend into 2021. If, in the future, we choose to withdraw from any of the multi-employer pension plans in
which we currently participate, we would need to record the appropriate withdrawal liabilities at that time, which could
negatively impact our financial performance in the applicable periods.
If we do not successfully integrate and manage our Company-owned or -controlled bottling operations or other acquired
businesses or brands, our results could suffer.
From time to time we acquire or take control of bottling operations, often in underperforming markets where we believe we can
use our resources and expertise to improve performance. In addition, we routinely evaluate opportunities to acquire other
businesses or brands to expand our beverage portfolio and capabilities. We may incur unforeseen liabilities and obligations in
connection with acquiring, taking control of or managing acquired bottling operations, other businesses or brands and may
encounter unexpected difficulties and costs in restructuring and integrating them into our Company's operating and internal
control structures. We may also experience delays in extending our Company's internal control over ﬁnancial reporting to
newly acquired or controlled bottling operations or other businesses, which may increase the risk of failure to prevent
misstatements in their financial records and in our consolidated financial statements. Our financial performance depends in
large part on how well we can manage and improve the performance of Company-owned or -controlled bottling operations and
other acquired businesses or brands. We cannot assure you, however, that we will be able to achieve our strategic and ﬁnancial
objectives for such bottling operations or other acquisitions. If we are unable to achieve such objectives, our consolidated
results could be negatively aﬁected.
l9