In 2016, other income (loss) — net was a loss of $1,234 million. This loss included losses of $2,456 million due to the
refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America and a loss of $21 million due to the deconsolidation of our South
African bottling operations and disposal of the related equity method investment in exchange for investments in CCBA and
CCBA's South African subsidiary. The Company incurred charges of $31 million related to payments made to convert the
bottling agreements for certain North America bottling partners' territories to a single form of CBA with additional
requirements. Additionally, the Company incurred net foreign currency exchange losses of $246 million, including a charge of
$72 million as a result of remeasuring its net monetary assets denominated in Egyptian pounds. The Egyptian pound devalued
as a result of the central bank allowing its currency, which was previously pegged to the US. dollar, to ﬂoat freely. These losses
were partially offset by a gain of $1,323 million due to the deconsolidation of our German bottling operations, dividend income
of $55 million, net gains of $83 million related to trading securities and available-for—sale securities and a gain of $18 million
resulting from the Company's disposal of its investment in Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. ("Keurig"). Refer to Note 2 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the North America refranchising, the deconsolidation of our
South African bottling operations, the conversion payments, the deconsolidation of our German bottling operations and the
Keurig investment disposal. Refer to Note 19 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the impact these items had on
our operating segments.
In 2015, other income (loss) — net was income of $631 million. This income included a net gain of $1,403 million as a result
the Monster Transaction, primarily due to the difference in the recorded carrying value of the assets transferred, including an
allocated portion of goodwill, compared to the value of the total assets and business acquired. Other income (loss) — net also
included net foreign currency exchange gains of $149 million and dividend income of $83 million. This income was partially
offset by noncash losses of $1,006 million due to refranchising activities in North America. The net foreign currency exchange
gains included a gain of $300 million associated with our foreign-denominated debt partially offset by a charge of $27 million
due to the initial remeasurement of the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary using the SIMADI exchange rate. The
Company determined that based on its economic circumstances, the SIMADI rate best represented the applicable rate at which
future transactions could be settled, including the payment of dividends. As such, the Company remeasured the net assets
related to its operations in Venezuela using the current SIMADI rate. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information on the Monster Transaction and North America refranchising. Refer to the heading
"Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial Position — Foreign Exchange" below and Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on the charge due to the change in Venezuelan exchange rates.
In 2014, other income (loss) — net was a loss of $1,263 million, primarily due to noncash losses of $799 million related to the
refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America and net foreign currency exchange losses of $569 million,
including a charge of $372 million due to the remeasurement of the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary using the
SICAD 2 exchange rate. These charges were partially offset by dividend income of $51 million and net gains of $45 million
related to ﬂuctuations in the carrying value of the Company's trading securities and sales of available—for—sale securities. Refer
to Note 1, Note 2 and Note 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Income Taxes
Our effective tax rate reﬂects the tax benefits of having significant operations outside the United States, which are generally
taxed at rates lower than the US. statutory rate of 35.0 percent. As a result of employment actions and capital investments
made by the Company, certain tax jurisdictions provide income tax incentive grants, including Brazil, Costa Rica, Singapore
and Swaziland. The terms of these grants expire from 2017 to 2036. We anticipate that we will be able to extend or renew the
grants in these locations. Tax incentive grants favorably impacted our income tax expense by $105 million, $223 million and
$265 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. In addition, our effective tax rate reﬂects the
benefits of having signiﬁcant earnings generated in investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting, which
are generally taxed at rates lower than the US. statutory rate.
57