Coca-Cola European Partners
In August 2015, the Company entered into an agreement to combine our German bottling operations with Coca-Cola
Enterprises, Inc. ("CCE") and Coca-Cola Iberian Partners, S.A.U., formerly known as Coca-Cola Iberian Partners, S.A.
("CCIP"), to create CCEP. As of December 31, 2015, our German bottling operations were classified as held for sale. On
May 28, 2016, the transaction closed and we exchanged our German bottling operations for an 18 percent interest in CCEP. As
a result of recording our interest in CCEP at fair value based on its quoted market price, the deconsolidation of our German
bottling operations, and the related reversal of its cumulative translation adjustments, we recognized a gain of $1,400 million.
This gain was partially offset by a $77 million loss incurred as a result of reclassifying losses related to our net investment
hedges of our German bottling operations from AOCI into earnings as well as transaction costs incurred resulting in a net gain
of $1,287 million during the year ended December 31, 2016. Refer to Note 15. With the exception of the transaction costs, the
net gain was recorded in the line item other income (loss) — net in our consolidated statement of income. The Company
accounts for its 18 percent interest in CCEP as an equity method investment based on our equity ownership percentage, our
representation on CCEP's Board of Directors, material intercompany transactions and other governance rights.
Keurig Green Mountain, Inc.
In February 2014, the Company purchased newly issued shares in Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. ("Keurig") for $1,265 million,
including transaction costs of $14 million. In May 2014, the Company purchased additional shares of Keurig in the market for
$302 million, which represented an additional 2 percent equity position in Keurig.
Subsequent to these purchases, the Company entered into an agreement with Credit Suisse Capital LLC ("CS") to purchase
additional shares of Keurig which would increase the Company's equity position to a 16 percent interest based on the total
number of issued and outstanding shares of Keurig as of May 1, 2014. Under the agreement, the Company was to purchase
from CS, on a date selected by CS no later than February 2015, the lesser of (1) 6.5 million shares of Keurig or (2) the number
of shares that shall cause our ownership to equal 16 percent. The purchase price per share was the average of the daily volume-
weighted average price per share from May 15, 2014, to the date selected by CS, as adjusted in certain circumstances specified
in the agreement. CS had exclusive ownership and control over any such shares until delivered to the Company. In February
2015, the Company purchased 6.4 million shares from CS under this agreement for a total purchase price of $830 million. As
this agreement qualified as a derivative, we recognized a loss of $58 million in the line item other income (loss) — net in our
consolidated statement of income during the year ended December 31, 2015. The Company recognized a cumulative loss of
$47 million in the line item other income (loss) — net in our consolidated statement of income over the term of the agreement.
The purchases of the shares were included in the line item purchases of investments in our consolidated statement of cash
ﬂows, net of any related derivative impact. The Company accounted for the investment in Keurig as an available-for—sale
security, which was included in the line item other investments in our consolidated balance sheet.
In March 2016, a JAB Holding Company—led investor group acquired Keurig for $92 per share. The Company received
proceeds of $2,380 million, which were recorded in the line item proceeds from disposals of investments in our consolidated
statement of cash ﬂows, and recorded a gain of $18 million related to the disposal of our shares of Keurig in the line item other
income (loss) — net in our consolidated statement of income during the year ended December 31, 2016.
Coca-Cola Beverages A ﬁica Proprietary Limited
In November 2014, the Company, SABMiller plc and Gutsche Family Investments entered into an agreement to combine
bottling operations of each of the parties' nonalcoholic ready-to-drink beverage businesses in Southern and East Africa. In
connection with the July 2, 2016 closing of the transaction to form the new bottler, which is called Coca-Cola Beverages Africa
Proprietary Limited ("CCBA"), the Company: (1) contributed its South African bottling operations to CCBA, which included
certain wholly owned subsidiaries and an equity method investment, (2) paid $150 million in cash, (3) obtained a 12 percent
interest in CCBA and a 3 percent interest in CCBA's South African subsidiary and (4) acquired several trademarks that are
generally indefinite-lived.
As a result of recording our interests in CCBA and its South African subsidiary at fair value, the deconsolidation of our South
African bottling operations, the derecognition of the equity method investment, and the reversal of related cumulative
translation adjustments, we recognized a loss of $21 million. The fair values of the equity investments in CCBA and CCBA's
South African subsidiary along with the acquired trademarks were determined using income approaches, including discounted
cash ﬂow models, and the Company believes the inputs and assumptions used are consistent with those hypothetical
marketplace participants would use. The loss recognized resulted primarily from the reversal of the related cumulative
translation adjustments. This loss is recorded in the line item other income (loss) — net in our consolidated statement of
income during the year ended December 31, 2016.
91