Income Taxes
Our annual tax rate is based on our income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various
jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judgment is required in determining our annual tax expense and in evaluating our
tax positions. We establish reserves to remove some or all of the tax benefit of any of our tax positions at the time we determine
that the position becomes uncertain based upon one of the following: (1) the tax position is not "more likely than not" to be
sustained, (2) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but for a lesser amount, or (3) the tax position is "more
likely than not" to be sustained, but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken. For purposes of
evaluating whether or not a tax position is uncertain, (1) we presume the tax position will be examined by the relevant taxing
authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information, (2) the technical merits of a tax position are derived from
authorities such as legislation and statutes, legislative intent, regulations, rulings and case law and their applicability to the facts
and circumstances of the tax position, and (3) each tax position is evaluated without considerations of the possibility of oﬁset
or aggregation with other tax positions taken. We adjust these reserves, including any impact on the related interest and
penalties, in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit. Refer to the heading "Operations
Review — Income Taxes" below and Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
On September 17, 2015, the Company received a Notice from the IRS for the tax years 2007 through 2009, after a five-year
audit. In the Notice, the IRS claims that the Company's United States taxable income should be increased by an amount that
creates a potential additional federal income tax liability of approximately $3.3 billion for the period, plus interest. No penalties
were asserted in the Notice. The disputed amounts largely relate to a transfer pricing matter involving the appropriate amount
of taxable income the Company should report in the United States in connection with its licensing of intangible property to
certain related foreign licensees regarding the manufacturing, distribution, sale, marketing and promotion of products in
overseas markets. The IRS designated the matter for litigation on October 15, 2015. The Company firmly believes that the IRS'
claims are without merit and plans to pursue all available administrative and judicial remedies necessary to resolve this matter.
To that end, the Company filed a petition in the US. Tax Court on December 14, 2015, and the IRS filed its answer on
February 12, 2016. A trial date has been set for March 5, 2018. The Company believes that the final adjudication of this matter
will not have a material impact on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows. However, the ultimate
outcome of disputes of this nature is uncertain, and if the IRS were to prevail on its assertions, the additional tax, interest and
any potential penalties could have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial position, results of operations and cash
ﬂows. Refer to Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
A number of years may elapse before a particular matter for which we have established a reserve is audited and finally
resolved. The number of years with open tax audits varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. The tax benefit that has been
previously reserved because of a failure to meet the "more likely than not" recognition threshold would be recognized in our
income tax expense in the first interim period when the uncertainty disappears under any one of the following conditions:
(1) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, (2) the tax position, amount, and/or timing is ultimately settled
through negotiation or litigation, or (3) the statute of limitations for the tax position has expired. Settlement of any particular
issue would usually require the use of cash.
Tax law requires items to be included in the tax return at different times than when these items are reﬂected in the consolidated
ﬁnancial statements. As a result, the annual tax rate reﬂected in our consolidated financial statements is diﬁerent from that
reported in our tax return (our cash tax rate). Some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not deductible
in our tax return, and some differences reverse over time, such as depreciation expense. These timing differences create
deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the
ﬁnancial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. The tax rates used to determine deferred tax assets or liabilities are the
enacted tax rates in effect for the year and manner in which the differences are expected to reverse. Based on the evaluation of
all available information, the Company recognizes future tax benefits, such as net operating loss carryforwards, to the extent
that realizing these benefits is considered more likely than not.
We evaluate our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with deferred tax assets by analyzing our forecasted taxable
income using both historical and projected future operating results; the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences;
taxable income in prior carryback years (if permitted); and the availability of tax planning strategies. A valuation allowance is
required to be established unless management determines that it is more likely than not that the Company will ultimately realize
the tax benefit associated with a deferred tax asset. As of December 31, 2016, the Company's valuation allowances on deferred
tax assets were $530 million and were primarily related to uncertainties regarding the future realization of recorded tax benefits
on tax loss carryforwards generated in various jurisdictions. Current evidence does not suggest we will realize suﬁicient taxable
income of the appropriate character within the carryforward period to allow us to realize these deferred tax benefits. If we were
to identify and implement tax planning strategies to recover these deferred tax assets or generate sufficient income of the
appropriate character in these jurisdictions in the future, it could lead to the reversal of these valuation allowances and a
41