estimates and assumptions. Furthermore, when testing assets for impairment in future periods, if management uses different
assumptions or if different conditions occur, impairment charges may result.
Certain amounts in the prior years' consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been revised to conform to
the current year presentation.
Principles of Consolidation
Our Company consolidates all entities that we control by ownership of a majority voting interest. Additionally, there are
situations in which consolidation is required even though the usual condition of consolidation (ownership of a majority voting
interest) does not apply. Generally, this occurs when an entity holds an interest in another business enterprise that was achieved
through arrangements that do not involve voting interests, which results in a disproportionate relationship between such entity's
voting interests in, and its exposure to the economic risks and potential rewards of, the other business enterprise. This
disproportionate relationship results in what is known as a variable interest, and the entity in which we have the variable
interest is referred to as a "VIE." An enterprise must consolidate a VIE if it is determined to be the primary beneficiary of the
VIE. The primary beneficiary has both (1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity's
economic performance, and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could
potentially be significant to the VIE.
Our Company holds interests in certain VIEs, primarily bottling and container manufacturing operations, for which we were
not determined to be the primary beneficiary. Our variable interests in these VIEs primarily relate to profit guarantees or
subordinated financial support. Refer to Note 11. Although these financial arrangements resulted in our holding variable
interests in these entities, they did not empower us to direct the activities of the VIEs that most significantly impact the VIEs'
economic performance. Our Company's investments, plus any loans and guarantees, related to these VIEs totaled
$3,709 million and $2,687 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing our maximum exposures to
loss. The Company's investments, plus any loans and guarantees, related to these VIEs were not significant to the Company's
consolidated financial statements.
In addition, our Company holds interests in certain VIEs, primarily bottling and container manufacturing operations, for which
we were determined to be the primary beneficiary. As a result, we have consolidated these entities. Our Company's
investments, plus any loans and guarantees, related to these VIEs totaled $203 million and $221 million as of December 31,
2016 and 2015, respectively, representing our maximum exposures to loss. The assets and liabilities of VIEs for which we are
the primary beneficiary were not significant to the Company's consolidated financial statements.
Creditors of our VIEs do not have recourse against the general credit of the Company, regardless of whether they are accounted
for as consolidated entities.
We use the equity method to account for investments in companies if our investment provides us with the ability to exercise
significant inﬂuence over operating and financial policies of the investee. Our consolidated net income includes our Company's
proportionate share of the net income or loss of these companies. Our judgment regarding the level of inﬂuence over each
equity method investee includes considering key factors such as our ownership interest, representation on the board of
directors, participation in policy-making decisions and material intercompany transactions.
We eliminate from our financial results all significant intercompany transactions, including the intercompany transactions with
consolidated VIEs and the intercompany portion of transactions with equity method investees.
Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale
Our Company classifies long-lived assets or disposal groups to be sold as held for sale in the period in which all of the
following criteria are met: management, having the authority to approve the action, commits to a plan to sell the asset or
disposal group; the asset or disposal group is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are
usual and customary for sales of such assets or disposal groups; an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required
to complete the plan to sell the asset or disposal group have been initiated; the sale of the asset or disposal group is probable,
and transfer of the asset or disposal group is expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year, except if
events or circumstances beyond our control extend the period of time required to sell the asset or disposal group beyond one
year; the asset or disposal group is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair
value; and actions required to complete the plan indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or
that the plan will be withdrawn.
79