Management is required to make certain critical estimates related to actuarial assumptions used to determine our pension
expense and obligations. We believe the most critical assumptions are related to (l) the discount rate used to determine the
present value of the liabilities and (2) the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. All of our actuarial assumptions are
reviewed annually, or more frequently to the extent that a settlement or curtailment occurs. Changes in these assumptions could
have a material impact on the measurement of our pension expense and obligations.
At each measurement date, we determine the discount rate primarily by reference to rates of high-quality, long-term corporate
bonds that mature in a pattern similar to the future payments we anticipate making under the plans. As of December 3 l, 2016
and 2015, the weighted-average discount rate used to compute our pension obligations was 4.00 percent and 4.25 percent,
respectively.
Effective January 1, 2016, the Company changed its method of measuring the service cost and interest cost components of net
periodic benefit cost for pension and other postretirement benefit plans by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve
to the plans' projected cash ﬂows. The Company believes the approach adopted in 2016 provides a more precise measurement
of these components by improving the correlation between projected cash ﬂows and the corresponding spot rates. The change
does not affect the measurement of the Company's pension and other postretirement benefit obligations for those plans. During
the years ended December 3 l, 2015 and 2014, for plans using the yield curve approach, the Company measured the service cost
and interest cost components utilizing the single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve.
The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based upon the long-term outlook of our investment strategy as well as
our historical returns and volatilities for each asset class. We also review current levels of interest rates and inﬂation to assess
the reasonableness of our long-term rates. Our pension plan investment objective is to ensure all of our plans have suﬁicient
funds to meet their benefit obligations when they become due. As a result, the Company periodically revises asset allocations,
where appropriate, to improve returns and manage risk. The weighted-average expected long-term rate of return used to
calculate our pension expense was 8.25 percent in 2016 and 2015.
In 2016, the Company's total pension expense related to defined benefit plans was $238 million, which primarily included
$86 million of net periodic benefit cost and $155 million of settlement charges and special termination benefit costs. In 2017,
we expect our total pension expense to be $366 million, which includes $41 million of net periodic benefit cost and
$325 million of estimated settlement charges and special termination benefit costs expected to be incurred. The decrease in
2017 expected net periodic benefit cost is due to favorable asset performance in 2016 compared to our expected return,
partially offset by a decrease in the expected long-term rate of return on assets for the US. plans and a decrease in the
weighted-average discount rate. The estimated impact of a 50 basis-point decrease in the discount rate on our 2017 net periodic
benefit cost would be an increase to our pension expense of $30 million. Additionally, the estimated impact of a 50 basis-point
decrease in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets on our 2017 net periodic benefit cost would be an increase to
our pension expense of $29 million.
The sensitivity information provided above is based only on changes to the actuarial assumptions used for our US. pension
plans. As of December 31, 2016, the Company's primary U.S. plan represented 58 percent and 61 percent of the Company's
consolidated projected pension benefit obligation and pension assets, respectively. Refer to Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information about our pension plans and related actuarial assumptions.
Revenue Recognition
We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of products has occurred, the sales price is
ﬁxed or determinable and collectibility is reasonably assured. For our Company, this generally means that we recognize
revenue when title to our products is transferred to our bottling partners, resellers or other customers. Title usually transfers
upon shipment to or receipt at our customers' locations, as determined by the specific sales terms of each transaction. Our sales
terms do not allow for a right of return except for matters related to any manufacturing defects on our part.
Our customers can earn certain incentives which are included in deductions from revenue, a component of net operating
revenues in our consolidated statements of income. These incentives include, but are not limited to, cash discounts, funds for
promotional and marketing activities, volume-based incentive programs and support for infrastructure programs. Refer to
Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The aggregate deductions from revenue recorded by the Company in
relation to these programs, including amortization expense on infrastructure programs, were $6.6 billion, $6.8 billion and
$7.0 billion in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. In preparing the financial statements, management must make estimates
related to the contractual terms, customer performance and sales volume to determine the total amounts recorded as deductions
from revenue. Management also considers past results in making such estimates. The actual amounts ultimately paid may be
different from our estimates. Such differences are recorded once they have been determined and have historically not been
significant.
40