Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Board of Directors and Shareowners
The Coca-Cola Company
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Coca-Cola Company and subsidiaries as of
December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareowners' equity,
and cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016. These ﬁnancial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position of The Coca-Cola Company and subsidiaries at December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of their
operations and their cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with US.
generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
The Coca-Cola Company and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria
established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) and our report dated February 24, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Atlanta, Georgia
February 24, 2017
142